Four Appointments

Author: alfeiro

*000*2024-04-29 23:04

⚠️ This is a fiction. All characters are fictitious. Any matches between names and real ones are accidental.

###

I. The first one

“Please have a sit. Here on this sofa. Make yourself comfortable. The next hour is at our complete disposal,” she began the conversation.

She was sitting opposite, about five steps away from us, in a wide cushioned chair, and I began to stare at her. A strict but attractive young woman. A beautiful face, with modest makeup, attentive steel-gray eyes. Bleached hair is gathered into an elegant, business-like bob hairstyle.

She was wearing a business suit with a short skirt. At first it seemed to me that she was wearing transparent tights, but no, after looking closer, I realized that these were her bare legs, just with such fringy smooth skin, covered with an even fake tan.

This was our first appointment with a family psychologist. It turns out they're not just arrogant older men with glasses. They are different, including these. I would give her a little over 30. However, regarding this type of woman, I could be wrong by five years in both directions.

“My name is Melanie,” she introduced herself, “How might I address you?”

I looked at Stacy, my wife. "Stacy Kendall," she called herself.

"I'm Tom. Tom Kendall," I introduced myself.

"Tell me about yourself. You can start with why you decided to come. In addition, if you have your own understanding of the reasons for the situation, I will be glad to listen to it. Don’t be shy, everyone can have their own view of themselves from the outside. Reflection is fine".

I nodded. In the sense that yes, this is fine. I agree with you, beautiful businesswoman. But I have no hopes for you, sorry.

Stacy recalled her phrases that she had prepared in advance. She didn't remember them right away. The silence dragged on.

“Our relationship is deteriorating,” Stacy finally began, “Or rather, I would say, it has completely deteriorated. It started, I think, about two years ago, since our youngest son changed schools. We discussed it, talked about what it was it’s important, they even seemed to agree, but something flashed between us, and we began to move away from each other.”

She uttered a few more harmonious, intelligent phrases, then turned to me and fell silent, as if we were singing a duet, and now it was my turn to join. However, I continued to remain silent.

Melanie looked at me and waited for me. I didn't want to make her angry right away, so I started talking.

“I’ll be honest, I wasn’t a fan of the idea of coming to you. I want to support Stacy in this adventure of hers, but... I have nothing to add. Yes, I agree, our relationship is not ideal. But it seems to me that this is normal. In melodramas they show one thing, but something else happens in life. This is how it should be. Of course, this is just my home opinion.”

“Stacy, tell me, what was the conflict when this started? You mentioned changing schools. Does anything have to do with this?”

"Um, I guess not. It was just timing," Stacy muttered.

“What do you think, Tom? Did you often argue then, and about what, if not a secret?”

“We didn’t argue much,” I answered indifferently, glancing sideways at Stacy, “try arguing with her when it comes to school, for example. And in general about anything other than repairing our car.”

“Please continue,” Melanie stared at me with very believable interest.

“Yes, I thought that this was not necessary. I could have at least put it off. Taking him there and bringing him back - all this obviously fell on me. I had to get up one hour earlier, and in the evening my works was nowhere didn’t disappear, I barely had time to finish them, then hastily have a dinner, and now it was already midnight, or maybe an hour or even two in the morning, in short, my daily routine was broken.”

“But Tom!”, Stacy was indignant, “You could have said how important this is for you! However, you didn’t say. I didn’t care. Remember, we discussed this.”

“Stacy is right,” I replied, “But don’t think that I’m complaining about it in any way. On the contrary, I didn’t consider it a problem then, and I don’t think it’s a problem now. Yes, it has become a little more difficult for me to live. But in the end it’s and there is life, ordinary life. I knew that after two years Mark would go to school on his own, and my difficulties would not last forever.”

In words, I seemed to agree with Stacy. But still, at that moment I turned to Melanie and looked only at her. And in her eyes I saw understanding. She listened to me carefully without being distracted. Suddenly she again shifted her folded knees from one side of the chair to the other, for the third time since the beginning of our conversation. One toe of her shoe would sometimes make sudden circular movements. She was obviously uncomfortable. This may be due to tight clothing. But why did she create inconvenience for herself? This probably hurts her business, I thought. However, maybe she dressed like that for a romantic evening.

“I see that your habits have changed over the last two years, Tom,” Melanie summed up, “How are you, Stacy?”

“Well, I wouldn’t say that anything has changed for me. Everything is the same at home and in business. But it doesn’t make me happy. Our relationship... listen, it’s still important to me. I hope for your help, that’s why we came to you.”

“Yes, you did the right thing,” Melanie responded and shifted her legs again. This time her knees began to rub against each other, rarely, almost imperceptibly. If they weren't so beautiful, I wouldn't have noticed.

She was still asking Stacy about various aspects, and then suddenly she asked me. At that moment I was following her knees with my eyes, the same time I was immersed in my own thoughts. And I didn’t hear the question the first time.

“Tom!”, Melanie called out to me and repeated the question: “How many hours do you sleep?”

“Seven. Or so,” I replied.

"This is now, right? And two years ago? When your daily routine broke down, as you called it."

“There were problems with this then. I don’t remember exactly how much I slept, but I didn’t get enough sleep at all. I couldn’t fall asleep for a long time, and then the alarm clock always rang inopportunely.”

“I see. Was your life in terms of intimate life also violated then? Or... what do you think?” Melanie asked carefully.

I was silent, looking at Stacy. After all, she brought me here. She holds the cards to describe our so-called “intimate life.”

She tried not to turn in my direction, but I still noticed how her eyes darted.

“Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't say our intimate life was broken,” Stacy said slowly, searching for words. “We make love regularly. Well, of course not like we did when we were younger,” she blushed even more and giggled.

“Please continue,” Melanie stared at her mercilessly, her face calm and full of polite attention. I began to admire her look. She definitely understands what's what.

“Would you like some water?” Melanie suggested, guessing that Stacy was worried.

“Yes, thank you,” and Stacy took the large glass from her and drained it almost in one gulp.

“Can I have another glass?” Melanie asked and filled it without waiting for an answer.

Stacy nodded, took another sip, and placed the glass on the arm of the couch next to her.

Melanie poured herself some water from the same bottle, drank half the glass, and then took a deep breath.

“I would still like to know, Stacy,” Melanie said softly, “What do you see as the meaning of intimate life in your situation. I mean the situation for your couple, not just for you personally.”

“Only my opinion matters?” Stacy turned to me, expecting me to support her.

“No, of course, I wanted to ask each of you about this in more detail. By the way, I specialize in sexology, so you can rely on my competence...”, she smiled, “yes, it is, I tell you without false modesty.”

“I would like to talk to everyone in private,” Melanie continued, “But if you, Stacy, need time to think, I will give you that time. You can wait in that room while I talk with Tom,” and she nodded towards the wooden door in the corner of the room.

Stacy took her glass of water and disappeared behind that door.

Melanie suddenly filled a new glass of water and handed it to me. I politely accepted it, took a couple of sips and placed it next to me. Suddenly she stretched and stood up from her chair, walking in front of me on the soft carpet, silently and gracefully. It seemed that she had been in need of a warm-up for a long time, but she did not dare to step out in full stride in front of Stacy.

"Do you mind, Tom, if I ask you the same question? That's why I sent Stacy out the door. She can't hear what's going on here being in that room. Your comments shouldn't influence each other for me to understand your situation in detail." .

“Yes, I guess. The question was about our intimate life, right?”

“ Yes, about that. But now I would ask differently, each of you. Again about your personal intimate life. How has it changed over these two years?”

Melanie walked over to her chair and carefully sat back down. At that moment it seemed to me that something was wrong with her. She looked a little tense. She began to stroke her beautiful bare knees more often, squeezed the armrests with her fingers and periodically leaned forward and then leaned back in the chair.

I began my story by revealing to Melanie what Stacy was embarrassed to tell. Or maybe she didn't even mean to talk about it.

In short, two years ago we completely satisfied each other, and there was no need to negotiate, it happened naturally and suddenly. Three times a week, sometimes more often, but... you never know in advance, and this had its own highlight.

But when I stopped sleeping normally, my initiative in this happened less and less. And Stacy, after just two polite refusals on my part, closed herself off and became overly sensitive. This was a novelty for her; before that I had never refused her this. Very soon, sex began to happen only after her careful request, when I was already in bed, and my head was almost unable to think because it was overloaded with unfinished work. Then she began to agree “about this” much in advance, at dinner or even before. Believing that I needed to relax, she started buying wine for the evening, and soon sex without one bottle between two became unthinkable.

And then she started getting fat. Literally before my eyes. I’m not sure if the reason was only infrequent sex or drinking wine. By the way, it was then that she became seriously interested in cooking. Maybe it's just a coincidence, and it would have happened to her anyway, a little earlier or later, it doesn't matter. But looking at her, I simply did not have any desires, especially sexual ones. At the same time, I did not refuse her invitations to have sex, so that she wouldn't worked up about this. She is got a lot in her mind already, if there is also this... You probably understand that it will become a problem for me just to be at home.

However, agreeing to get close to her against my will, I could not even imagine that now I simply might not succeed. However, hey guys, it's started to happen. Only sometimes, not very often, but... after all, our attempts were not often as well.

And then I noticed that sex with Stacy and pleasure for me were no longer connected at all. Damn, when I realized this, I couldn't even understand from what point it was so. It definitely didn't happen right away, but I was trying to figure out what the trigger was and couldn't come up with anything. And then she began to hint at intimacy even less often. To be honest, now I don’t even remember the date when we last had sex.

Melanie took a deep breath and crossed her legs. She leaned forward, then leaned back.

“Have you tried using toys? Or some kind of plots? I mean in your intimacy caresses,” Melanie clarified, and then added, “Ok, I understand, probably the question is in the wrong place. Then I’ll ask differently, did Stacy offer to you something like this?"

“No,” I answered briefly.

“And if she did, what would you answer?”

“I would probably agree, as usual, to any of her requests.”

“And what, it doesn’t even matter to you what exactly?”

I shrugged. I really didn't care.

“Okay. Thank you for your frankness,” she responded, “But still, what would you offer her? Think about it.”

I wondered what to answer her so as not to be rude.

“Maybe you didn’t hear me. Or I didn’t explain clearly. Something broke between us, and it’s not physiology, it’s something else. In order to offer Stacy something, I need to understand why. I don’t see a single reason yet.”

She nodded to me. And she leaned forward again, then swayed back, then repeated it again.

“Of course, you are right. Everything is logical, and there is common sense. But here you need to overcome your so-called common sense and take the first step. Toward each other.”

“Offering stupid toys?” I asked irritably.

"Why not? It doesn't have to be toys. Just something unusual."

“It’s called a fetish,” I answered with annoyance in my voice, “Just be aware, I have no ideas about it.”

“Not a problem,” Melanie replied, “Let me clarify, it’s not a problem that you’re not ready to share this with me.”

I looked at her even less kindly.

“I didn’t want to reproach you for insincerity, believe me, Tom,” she added softly, “I fully admit that you just don’t know about it yet. And by the way, it’s even more interesting.”

" More interesting for whom?"

“For you, for Stacy, for both of you. Yes, I won’t deny it, for me too,” she smiled for the first time, and her smile seemed truly charming to me. I also brightened up a little.

“I would like to help you, and I have one method for you. We will touch the points of rapprochement between you and Stacy, and they will not necessarily be common.”

I felt uncomfortable. Never, even before Stacy, did it occur to me to use non-standard tricks, much less fetishes. It was at this point that I felt that the glass of water I had drunk had complemented what I had drunk earlier before the visit and that I would do well to visit the toilet. I looked at my watch. Half an hour before the end of the appointment, this is not a problem, I thought and stopped thinking about it.

At that moment, Melanie rocked her body back and forth again, her knees pressed together moving to the other side of the chair and then almost immediately back again.

“Are you all right?” I asked irritably. I couldn't ignore her movements any longer.

"What do you mean?" she asked.

“Well... your condition now,” I tried to be as delicate as possible. "We could take a short break, say five minutes."

“No, no,” she moved her hand from right to left and bit her lip in confusion. "A break is unacceptable now. Believe me, Tom, I know what I'm doing," she added in a quiet and mysterious voice.

“Yes, I believe,” I responded, “And what exactly? What exactly are you doing now?”

"I have limited my visits to the toilet. It helps me concentrate."

I frowned skeptically.

“Don’t doubt it, this helps, and does not hinder, as you might think.”

Yes, nothing to say, funny woman, I thought. It would be better if Stacy got tickets to a stand-up show. And I suddenly felt cheerful because I wasn’t the one who ordered this visit, and I wasn’t even going to pay for it. Forgetting about delicacy, I just started having fun.

“And how long did you limit yourself?”

“Until the end of your visit,” Melanie turned to the wall clock, “Not long left.”

“And how do you feel?”

She smiled, just as softly as before. She masterfully hid her natural emotions. In her place, any woman would probably give me back something else, but not such a smile.

“Well, Tom. My feelings will remain mine. Rest assured, I know what I’m doing,” she said without reproach or any resentment, just trying to explain to me. “It really helps to focus not on yourself, but on someone else. At the moment, on you. I recommend that you try it if possible.”

“It sounds like a paradox,” I continued to grin, “I don’t see how this helps yet. Using your example.”

“Nevertheless, it does,” she explained, “Except for the urge to go to the toilet, no other distracting thoughts, interests, plans and worries. Now only you and your situation are important to me.”

“But... it annoys you,” I said in bewilderment, “You can’t even hide it.”

“It just spurs me on, reminding me that time is passing. It’s like an hourglass, reminds me of myself, but doesn’t distract me. And also... now I’m not really trying to hide it in front of you.”

"Is this kind of like frankness for frankness?"

“Yeah, something like that,” and she gave me that charming smile again. "And I'll have to be more modest in front of Stacy. It will be more difficult, but I can do it."

" Hmm, I'll have to ask her how you did."

I thought I would hear something self-confident in response, but Melanie raised her index finger:

“No, you don’t need to discuss this topic with her. Not a word about it. I’ll explain sometime later.”

She handed me a new glass of water and said, “Now let’s get down to business.”

I took a sip of water and placed the glass next to the previous one.

“Tom, please,” she looked at me demandingly. Her fingers drummed on the leather armrests.

I took the glass and drank half of it. She continued to move her fingers and glare at me until I emptied the glass to the bottom.

"When I will talk to Stacy, I'll try to set her up for a romantic evening. It's up to you, Tom, to not screw it up and give her that romantic evening. Well, not just her, but both of you."

I looked at her, waiting for her to continue. I'm required not to screw it up, for crying out loud! The last time I heard this from my superiors was at work, and that was quite a long time ago.

“I’m listening to you very carefully,” I said with a grin, “Will there be any instructions?”

"There will be no special instructions. Just act natural."

“Naturally - this means as always. That is, no romance. I don’t think that’s what you meant.”

“ Of course, I meant what is natural for a man and a woman. And you understood me correctly, didn’t you?”, she narrowed her eyes and froze, making a short pause.

“Well, let's not be too delicate,” she continued, “Your task is to ride your wife tonight. So that she feels good. Don't think about your own pleasure. Throw away all your doubts, skepticism, fatigue and other nonsense. Let Stacy will be the center of the universe for you today."

My high spirits disappeared. I felt like I was in some kind of trap. Refusing and politely telling Melanie to fuck off was too easy a decision. Yes, I will not refuse her task. Surely she knows about this. However, doing homework in a subject I didn’t like didn’t inspire me at all.

“Okay, I'll try,” I grumbled.

“And one more point: You will limit yourself to visiting the toilet today until you complete the entire program. As you can see from my example, this is quite achievable and not at all scary.”

I raised my eyebrows in surprise.

"I guess it was a joke? What's the toilet got to do with it?"

“No, this is not a joke,” Melanie looked at me in such a way that I realized that this really was not a joke.

"As abstruse as it may sound, the urge to pee can actually help you focus on Stacy more than yourself," she added.

I looked at her like she was crazy, not believing that I was hearing this.

Her eyes suddenly widened, just for a couple of seconds, and she shifted her clenched knees to the other side again. Pretending as if no one had noticed, Melanie continued:

“And the second reason. There are different ways to receive a small reward for good deeds done. I will not deceive you, your relationship will not improve immediately after the first appointment. So, satisfying your little need will be your reward today. One of your rewards.”

“Yes, it sounds tempting,” I answered with a grin, “Will there be other rewards?”

“It depends only on both of you,” she smiled slyly. “Yes, and I have to warn you, don’t take this too seriously. No violence, okay? If you don’t succeed today, Tom, well, deal with it, then today is not the day.”

“And in this case, I won’t be able to pee?”, I made a worried face, slightly kidding her .

“Please, Tom!” Melanie wrinkled her forehead, swaying her whole body back and forth, “Your irony is out of place. Just be a real gentleman, after all.”

She read my thoughts right through. I sighed and nodded in agreement.

Melanie looked at her watch and stood up from her chair again. She walked several times from one end of the room to the other and back again, then finally opened the door where Stacy was waiting.

“Please, Tom, come here. Now it’s your turn to wait.”

Stacy returned to us and stood near the sofa, not daring to sit down. She obviously wanted to ask Melanie something, but she looked back at me. I hastened to close that door on myself. It was a smaller office, all lined with cabinets full of books. I put my ear to the door lock and began to listen. Usually I don’t have such a habit, but then the situation was not quite usual. The door was heavy and thick, and I couldn't hear what Stacy was saying at all. Only fragments of Melanie's words reached me. Something like:

"Please no, don't go ..."

“Is this so critical? Is it really so critical for you? ...”

“Not so long, no, not so long ...”

It seemed to me that Stacy was disappointed and wanted to cancel the appointment, I walked away from the door and began to look out the window. However, this did not happen. I stood and wondered how many hours I could go without using the toilet, whether I could complete the delicate task, and what other reward might await me for this.

Half an hour passed unnoticed. Melanie opened the door suddenly and invited me to sit next to my wife on the sofa.

"Thank you both for the frank conversation," she said. “Your case is interesting to me, and I would really like to help you. I see ways how this can be done.”

I watched her every move. But she sat calmly and absolutely motionless, only the toe of her shoe slowly drew a semicircle in the air, first in one direction, then in the other.

“I would like to hold the next two appointments separately with each of you,” she continued, “Exactly in a week, at the same time. Which of you will be first?”

Stacy looked restless and fussy, as if she was late for something. She glanced at me and quickly replied, “Let it be me.”

She then immediately stood up from the couch and headed towards the doors, "Well, we have to go. We really appreciate you, Melanie. See you in a week." I nodded goodbye to Melanie and followed my wife.

(to be continued ...)

*003*2024-05-02 23:15

⚠️ Tags updated, please be aware! You may stop reading if you don't bear some things.

When we went outside, I noticed that our bus was approaching.

“Come quick, we'll get on it,” I took Stacy’s hand. She took my hand, unusually tenderly, then suddenly squeezed it in her hand and pulled me back.

“Let's take a cab,” she suggested. Our car was in for a long time to be repaired, and Stacy usually did not avoid public transport. Now she was definitely in a hurry to get somewhere.

I thought that we were in no particular hurry. Our Mark was sent to visit his aunt, Kathleen, for the night, and no one was waiting for us at home today. But I didn't argue with her.

In the cab we looked at each other and were silent. And then I noticed that Stacy didn't look quite normal.

"Are you okay?" I asked, "Your face is all red. Are you that mad at her?"

"No no".

She fell silent. An awkward pause hung in the air, and she added:

“She just asked such questions. About childhood and youth. Don’t ask which ones.”

"Well, okay. If you don't want to, don't tell me."

"Perhaps I'll tell you. Just sometime later," Stacy said. She had such an unusually gentle voice that I even believed that this was not an excuse, and that she would actually tell me later.

Her legs, dressed in thin silk trousers, rubbed against each other with a quiet rustle. Sometimes she hugged herself by the shoulders.

“Are you cold?” I asked and threw my jacket over her.

"Thank you, Tom," she replied, looking at the ceiling. “We’ll be home soon,” she added thoughtfully.

“Shall I make you some coffee?” she asked when we left the cab.

“Hmm,” I thought, “Maybe we should go to the supermarket for white wine?”

She looked around in confusion.

"Yes, that would be very nice. I'll just wait in the lobby, okay? There's a warm fan there."

I grabbed a bottle of white wine and another martini. My desire to visit the toilet was already obvious, but not desperate. Wine will certainly enhance this feeling, I thought. However, I doubted that without alcohol I would be able to command my body to desire my wife tonight. Maybe I can, but not for sure.

On the way home, Stacy continued to hug her shoulders, even though she was wearing my jacket.

When we entered the apartment, the first thing she did was to hastily tidy up her things, which, out of her habit, were scattered here and there. It was unusual and amazing. She hummed a tune to herself and danced to it. From time to time she came up to me from different sides and hugged me, continuing to dance something like a twist. It's hard to imagine what Melanie said to her, but she definitely managed to put my wife in a romantic mood. I slowly changed into my pajamas and sat down on the sofa to fill glasses.

Stacy went into the bathroom to take a shower and soon joined me. I turned on a video of an old concert of our favorite band. The important romantic evening has begun.

We haven’t watched this concert for a long time, probably five years. We listened to our favorite songs and silently remembered the past. I didn’t want to talk about the past, and probably she didn’t either. Even though our past was fabulous, talking about it immediately broke our hearts with the realization that our present is completely different, and we are now in it. Neither she nor I wanted to be in the present. We wanted to be outside of any time or place.

We just sat cuddled together, her head resting on my shoulder. She was wearing a robe and smelled of body conditioner, something like sea wave with a subtle hint of vanilla. Sometimes she moved her legs, pressing them first against each other, sometimes against my legs. Her legs had been perfectly shaved the day before and looked very elegant. Her breasts, peeking out from under her robe, were also almost perfect. She managed to ruin her body only in the middle, just in the most interesting places, hidden under the robe.

I noticed that she often brings her glass to her lips, but it stays there the same amount. Her legs made nervous movements more and more often. Finally, she made a sound like a moan and her hand dived under her robe.

I thought that sooner or later I would have to take over, and I launched my palm after hers. I felt her hand nervously squeezing her thigh.

“Is everything okay?” I asked in a whisper and gently ran my hand wherever I could reach.

"Mmmm," she purred and her breathing suddenly stopped for a short moment. She suddenly stood up and threw off her robe. She was only wearing a navy grey silk cardigan, with nothing underneath, quite obviously. She came back to me and I filled her glass.

Some time passed, Stacy put the empty glass on the table and looked with a sly smile. After which her thighs often rubbed against each other as if they wanted to ignite an ancient fire. Perhaps figuratively, her embers were already smoking there, under the cardigan.

I suddenly remembered Melanie and wondered what if she suggested that Stacy fight the urge to pee the same way I did. This guess made me feel quite disgusted. I have never observed Stacy in pee desperation, and I would be uncomfortable if she ended up in this state. Because it would be against her will. And of her own free will, she would never have found herself in such a state. Knowing her character, I wouldn’t give even one percent for this.

“Do you need to go to the toilet?” I asked her anyway. "Go ahead, I'll pause the concert."

She turned to me, blushing with embarrassment: “Nope, I was just in the bathroom. This is a different need.”

As if to prove her words, she began to fill her glass, and that was the end of the bottle of wine. She drank it all, then opened a martini and poured it for both of us.

She sat down next to me and pressed herself close to me. Her hand immediately went under my pants, then pulled them down slightly. She caressed me, trying to be gentle and slow, but there was some tension in her movements. Maybe it was me who convinced myself that she wanted to pee, but in fact she told the truth that she was burning with sexual excitement. Maybe I already wanted to pee so much that my nerves were trembling, and it seemed to me that it was her body that was trembling with despair.

I hugged her tighter and kissed her. She answered me with a kiss. Her breathing became uneven and could not calm down. She tried to pull my pants down with one hand and I finished the job for her. At the same time I got rid of my pants. My buddy was sticking up, half bent, swaying from side to side and looking anxiously at the martini glasses.

I gave free rein to my hands. One of them traveled under her cardigan, the other on top of it. When our most favourite track started, my hand stopped on her fat belly, right above her pussy. Stacy stopped moving too. We listened to this track, and I felt how Stacy was trying not to move or be distracted, only her toes danced to the beat of the music, clenching and unclenching. As soon as the song ended, she took a sharp breath and grabbed her crotch with her hand. Then she started scratching her thigh, as if embarrassed by me. Then she grabbed her crotch again. Watching this, my buddy became hard as a rock.

She leaned back and stretched her legs on either side of me.

"I don't want to wait any longer. Come into me."

A slow song started playing, not very hit, but very suitable for this moment. I pulled on the latex and entered her. I didn’t succeed right away; I had to lick my fingers and lightly exercise her tightly compressed slit. The steady beat of the music set my rhythm as well, and I followed it with pleasure.

“Yes, that’s right. Don’t go deeper. Don’t go faster. I feel good. I feel very good,” Stacy whispered. My dick, even being not very long, did not enter her completely. Her vagina squeezed my barrel so tightly that the latex began to slip, and I had to adjust it. Gradually she began to cover my barrel with her lubricant, and inside her it became a little softer and roomier.

I sincerely wanted to prolong our connection as long as possible, for her sake, in support of her initiative. But my bladder had its own opinion on this matter. It tickled all my nerves, even the ones it shouldn't care about. All too soon I felt that moment approaching.

And suddenly Stacy asked in a whisper: “Don’t cum. Please don’t cum. I have a surprise for you.”

“What?”, I didn’t understand.

She repeated louder. I listened to my body and froze in place, trying to extinguish the approaching moment. But Stacy herself could no longer lie motionless. I shook my head desperately.

Then she jumped back and whispered: “Get up. Get off the sofa. Just please don’t cum.”

I stood up and she sat on the edge of the sofa and wrapped her arms around my hips. I was able to distract myself and not cum, only the desire to piss became really strong, almost desperate.

She put one leg on the other and looked up.

"Let's make love every week. Regardless of desire or mood. Even if we quarrel and don't talk. Exactly on schedule, at the same time."

“How do you imagine this?”, I was surprised with a grin, “Are we going to do this in silence? Without looking into each other’s faces?”

“Why not,” she answered confidently.

“Was this your fantasy, and you was hiding it? Did Melanie advise you to share it with me?”

She wrinkled her forehead in offence.

“No, I came up with it on the way home. Yes, Melanie suggested that I need to come up with something. Oh, if only this was your fantasy... But in reality... I just want you to be closer to me. At least sometimes".

I felt ashamed after her words. It was so annoying that I went against my habit and tried to discuss something with her, rather than agreeing right away. My buddy quickly began to descend.

She sat in front of me, desperately tensing and relaxing her clenched thighs, stroking them with her hands.

"Tom," she called, "I didn't mean to reproach you. It's a bad habit, I know. So, do you agree?"

“Okay, let's try it,” I replied.

She pulled the latex off me, licked her two fingers and touched my dickhead with them. My buddy quickly straightened up. Stacy closed her eyes and touched it with her warm lips.

“Really?”, I asked, “Is this your surprise?”

She released the barrel from her mouth to answer.

"Yes, Tom, that's it. Are you nervous?" she asked with a smile.

"A little. And you?"

“A little bit too,” and she closed her eyes again and sighed, “I have already caressed you like this. But I never tried to finish it. Today I have decided.”

I ran my hand through her hair and gently rubbed her ear.

“Well, finally. Better late than never,” I said. And then added: “I was joking. I didn’t mean to humiliate you.”

“But you’re right, it’s high time we tried. We’ll do it like adults.”

"How is that?".

"It means don't warn me. Just cum."

"I'll try. Just don't be so nervous, please." And I stroked her head again.

It took her about a minute, no longer. I could have shot earlier, almost immediately, but the need to pee was so wild. I was afraid to just relax lest I accidentally squirt urine. This prolonged my pleasure.

I suspected that doing this for the first time, any woman would not behave very appropriately, and just in case, I closed my eyes. I caught a muffled, unpleasant groan, which immediately disappeared. She did not let go of the barrel from her mouth, and I gave her portion after portion, trembling all over. And then she tickled her tongue under my dickhead, and then another wave of pleasure covered me. Her hands began to slide up and down my legs, scratching lightly. My legs began to twitch and some more spilled out of me.

Unable to hide my curiosity, I opened my eyes.

There were tears on her face. She held my hips with both hands while sitting on knees, often squatting and writhing her body. After making sure I was finished, she let go of my dick and looked up at me with her wet eyes.

"Tom, I'm sorry, I... I'll be right back," she said quietly and ran to the bathroom.

I felt guilty and depressed. I couldn't just stay still and followed her. I assumed she was in a hurry to rinse her mouth, but no, she was in a hurry straight to the toilet, crouching as she ran.

"Stacy, are you crying?" I called, "I'm sorry. I should have said no."

“What are you talking about, Tom?”, she turned around, and I saw a wet spot between her legs on her cardigan.

She almost reached the toilet, but when I appeared she returned to me. She took me by the elbow, continuing her desperate dance in place.

“I wasn’t upset, believe me. They were tears from the suddenness of it. I panicked a little, I was worried that I wouldn’t accidentally bite you. Now I know how it happens. Next time there won’t be any tears.”

“Next time?”, I widened my eyes, “Are you serious?”

She smiled back. “Yeah, my honey. You liked it, didn’t you?”

“It was just magical!” I replied and tried to hug her.

"Mmm! Tom! May I pee?" Stacy shyly wriggled out of my arms and lifted the toilet lid.

“Well, yes, I wanted one more time,” she added for some reason, as if in justification.

I turned around to leave her alone.

“Tom!” Stacy suddenly called. I looked at her over my shoulder. She continued her dance on the spot next to the toilet, not allowing herself to sit down.

“Once upon a time, a long ago... you wanted to watch me peeing, but I didn’t allow. Do you want it now?”

I shook my head and quickly left the bathroom. There was a hissing sound behind, like a garden hose. And then the same dance took possession of me.

*004*2024-05-04 20:35

II. The second one

Throughout the next week we were in a state of extraordinary goodwill. It cannot be said that we suddenly felt endless sympathy for each other. It’s just that in every situation where Stacy usually stubbornly insisted on her opinion, and because of this I would withdraw into myself, now she became more open and suppressed her selfishness. I believe she did this unconsciously, maybe Melanie gave her some kind of attitude that any selfish idea made Stacy feel awkward.

At the same time, we did not talk about sex out of turn; each of us clearly remembered our agreement. Once a week at the same time. I was even curious that if in fact we sparked some kind of petty conflict exactly at the appointed hour, and the libido would drop below the ankle. Will we allow the epic to fail, or will we still force ourselves to copulate silently, without pleasure? I don't know if Stacy was thinking the same thing, and we didn't talk about it. Such thoughts tickled some unfamiliar nerves, and I even suddenly became excited because of this, but only for a few moments. And then for a long time I felt the opposite effect, disappointment and emptiness.

The day arrived for Melanie's second appointment. When Stacy left, I got a little worried. A week ago I satisfied her without much difficulty, but that was a day of unusual impressions. Thanks to Melanie, she charged me properly, but now this charge has faded. I doubted that it would be as easy for me to get excited and repeat my past success. Yes, to be honest, I have cooled off a little towards my wife again. I needed some kind of recharge. I was hoping that Stacy would bring something new with her today, but I wondered what if she didn't?

To avoid embarrassment for sure, I took a little martini and a whole bottle of mineral water. By the time Stacy was due back, I had filled my bladder to the top.

I was sitting on the sofa finishing the last task at work. My bladder did not distract me, although it was already quite full. As I closed the laptop, the feeling of accomplishment made my body react and I felt a strong ringing sensation in my urethra. Out of surprise, I even jumped and stamped my feet to cope with the urge. Instinctively, I headed to the bathroom, but remembered that it was not time for me yet, and turned towards the kitchen. There I took a teapot full of sencha tea, and two vintage cups.

As I drank some tea, my phone rang. Stacy's voice was worried, even nervous.

"Hi, Tom. Here's the situation. The appointment hasn't started yet, but it's about to start. Melanie is very sorry for being late."

"Okay, thanks for the warning. Are you okay?"

“Yes, everything is fine,” she answered angrily, “I’m of course a little upset that I’ll come late. You’ll be waiting for me, won’t you?” The last question sounded with plaintive, manipulative notes. She didn't expect any objections. And of course, I didn’t object. As usual.

I opened my laptop again and started on my next work task. I was required to come up with a short but very clear answer to the client, something that few in our department were capable of. It wasn't difficult, but it did require a fair amount of time and concentration to find the right phrases. Very fine creative job. And after each successfully written sentence, as usual, I felt a creative satisfaction. To which my sphincter reacted immediately, and at that moment it was almost unbearable. In response, I rocked back and forth, my feet drumming on the floor more and more, my knees bouncing higher.

I had very little time left to finish this work when I realized that I couldn’t. I felt my ears burning with red fire, my pulse roaring loudly in my head. My thighs were covered with chills from time to time, I even wanted to warm them with my hand.

I closed the laptop, turned on the video recording on TV and leaned back on the sofa, looking at the clock. This is a different group, a different year, a different genre. Let there be some variety.

Stacy opened the door with her key and began to quickly undress. I walked up to her and put my arm around her shoulders. She clearly smelled of wine. Her face was as red as the wine probably was, her eyes were cheerful and clearly avoiding me.

“What happened? Why did you get drunk alone?” I asked in bewilderment.

She looked relaxed, calm and slightly cheeky.

“I’m not drunk, honey,” she responded in a frivolous tone. "Melanie just bought me a glass of wine."

I raised my eyebrows. “Something new. She gave the patient a drink to make things easier?”

“Well, don't be a nerd ... This gift was given at the very end. She worked to the fullest. We mainly discussed my development plan, my behavior and all that.”

“And did you agree on anything?”

"Yes, absolutely. But it's a secret. Tsss," she put a finger to her lips. "Women's Mystery". And she locked herself in the bathroom and the shower turned on.

I was slightly humiliated. That's it, today is her holiday, and my role is that of service personnel, as usual. But suddenly I thought maybe this was Melanie’s idea. Each of us should be able to share someone else's holiday. Perhaps my restless bladder gave me this idea. You can't focus only on yourself all the time, I thought. Then this trick works as Melanie promised. Speaking of Melanie, maybe she'll buy me some wine next week? I even felt embarrassed by this thought.

Stacy sat down next to me, already without her robe. She was wearing another cardigan, this time almost transparent.

“Tom, there's not gonna be a blowjob tonight. You won't be too upset, will you?” she said and made a pleading face.

“I didn’t count on it every time.”

“Well, I see today there is a non-alcoholic program, so... everything is going like one to one,” Stacy was apologising for that, after all.

I leaned against her and kissed her, stroking her thighs. My palm found cool areas and goose bumps on their insides. Stacy closed her eyelids and let out a groan.

“Shall we watch the concert?” I suggested. She nodded and took a cup of iced tea.

That evening she did not grab her crotch and did not dance in place. However, I noticed that she was licking her lips more and more often. She did this in the hallway, but I didn’t pay any attention. Now it was impossible not to notice.

At the end of the concert, she hugged me by the shoulders and swayed left and right to the beat of the music, rocking me at the same time. We both smiled and were at ease with each other. Except for the signals from my bladder that pushed me to the end of each track. Finally, it seemed to me that I could not wait so long, and I gently took my wife by the shoulders and laid her on her back. She closed her eyes blissfully and took my soft device in her hand. She managed to excite it halfway, but today the buddy turned out to be capricious and lazy.

Stacy lay on her back and looked relaxed, only goose bumps were now felt all over her legs. She continued to lick her lips frequently and breathed evenly, closing her eyelids from time to time.

Finally, she pulled up the hem of her cardigan, and I found a perfectly smooth crotch there, without a single hair. Despite the thick folds of fat, this picture still looked erotic. My dick quickly became hard and I started giving her pleasure. She squeezed her vagina just as tightly and nervously as last time. Her tongue began to lick her lips so often that they shone bright burgundy and were slightly swollen. Her head lay on the sofa and looked at the ceiling, shaking in different directions, as if in agony.

“I didn’t put on the latex,” I suddenly remembered disappointedly. Now I'll have to cool down and start again. But I really wanted to piss like hell.

"No, no, don't come out. Keep going. No latex needed today," Stacy moaned.

"Are you sure?"

“Yeah,” she replied. “Oh-oh-oh!”, she suddenly arched her back and pinched the flesh of the sofa hard. She probably wanted to pinch herself, maybe even jerk off her slit, but she was afraid to stop me. She grabbed the sofa with both hands and threw her head back. I felt she fill with lubricaiton. My dick literally drowned in it.

“Keep going, keep going,” she moaned as she continued to squeeze and scratch at the sofa.

Watching her, I couldn't continue for too long. A few more moves and I fired a shot.

We were both breathing heavily and looking at each other. I pulled out of her and took her wet palms into my hands. She looked at me with gratitude. At that moment, a new strong urge to pee began to knock on my brain.

“I’m going to the toilet. I’ll be right back,” I said.

“No, please!” Stacy grabbed my right hand. “Well, just be patient, just a little bit. Do one more thing for me, okay? Before I get cold.”

I looked at her questioningly and squeezed my legs, resisting the urge. I felt awkward, even in front of her.

She took my palm and slightly bent her middle and ring fingers upward.

“Keep them straight. Like this,” she asked, “raise them sharply, and then lower them, but don’t bend them. Just don’t bend them, okay? Do this until you’re tired. Until you’re exhausted.”

I showed her the moves. She nodded: “Yes, yes, come quickly, Tom!”, and I plunged those fingers into her wet slit.

Out of habit, my fingers got tired right away, but it didn’t take much time for the results. Soon Stacy began to breathe rapidly, like a dog in extreme heat, and banged the back of her head on the soft sofa. The next moment, a strong fountain burst out of her, splashing her thighs and my arm up to the elbow. Out of surprise, I pulled my hand back and froze in amazement.

Another moment passed, and her whole body twitched violently, like a comatoseman under a defibrillator. Another fountain erupted unhindered from her and fell far beyond the sofa. Her condition impressed me so much that I even forgot about the toilet. She quickened her breathing again, her hips trembled slightly, and again her whole body arched in a wave of ecstasy. The next portion did not reach the parquet, but moistened the sofa even more.

Stacy looked at me in such a way that I realized she had not yet returned to reality. She didn't even try to close her slit or somehow prevent the mess. Slightly shuddering her whole body once again, she shamelessly released another stream, this time the last one. And only then did her gaze become conscious.

"Oh my God! It was so cool! So cool! You're something! You're my macho man, Tom!" she whispered.

I could only give her a smile, without a single word.

“You wanted to go,” she reminded.

And suddenly she jumped up grabbing her crotch: “Oh! May I go first? I can’t even believe it. That I did it.”

I was wildly surprised. “You did it? This one? Is this an achievement?” I looked at the wet sofa, at the drops on the parquet, and I felt very funny.

“No, that’s not what I’m talking about,” she answered shyly. “Don’t worry, I’ll clean up all the mess. But you didn’t notice, did you?”

"What exactly did I not notice?"

“How badly I wanted to pee all this time. I was on the verge already at Melanie’s appointment. She told me how to cope with it and not be distracted. Even a glass of wine could not hind me. Not even a shower. Not even your sweet torture. It was incredible, Tom!”

In fact, it never even occurred to me that my wife had spent the entire evening in such tension.

"Then you're a tough woman, Stacy. I couldn't do that," I confirmed ironically. "Okay, the bathroom is yours."

And at that moment tiny splashes of urine burst out of my dickhead. I hastened to clutch the barrel with my hand and shyly turned to the wall.

Stacy looked at me uncertainly.

" Tom, let 's rush take a shower. Together ," she grabbed my hand and pulled me along without waiting for any objections.

*006*2024-05-06 22:25

III. The third one

When it was my turn to go to see Melanie, I was filled with doubts about whether I could trust her. And all this despite the rather interesting effects that I was lucky enough to experience with my wife over the past two weeks. I thought about it a lot and still decided that I didn’t really trust this mysterious woman.

When I carefully entered her office, she greeted me in a friendly but rather formal manner. I sat down on the same sofa where Stacy and I were sitting. She was putting some papers in her desk drawer, leaving it perfectly clean, and then sat down in her deep armchair opposite me.

“Nice to see you, Tom. I’d like to hear your impressions. If you have anything to say as feedback, we could discuss it.”

“I am grateful to you, of course, for some variety in our relationship,” I answered, “but I will say frankly, I feel that this is not normal. I felt it on the very first day, and this thought does not leave me. It will end just as quickly, as it arose."

Melanie nodded: “It’s very good that you thought about it. But... what will you do about it? Besides the fact that you don’t know, this is too obvious an answer. Maybe you have some thoughts on this matter? ".

I answered her immediately.

“I would like to ask you directly. Because you know better as a specialist. I can think whatever I want about this, but I doubt that I will guess correctly.”

“Yes, I can give you advice and of course I will. But still... Could you share your guesses?”

"I have nothing to share with you. I'm at a dead end. As soon as I imagine our normal day, our normal week, month and so on... I look at Stacy and realize that she does not captivate me."

Melanie was silent in response, and seemed to be waiting for continuation. But I had nothing to add.

“Have you thought about the fact that you, too, are not attracted to her?”

“Do you mean doing something together or something like that? Yes, we spend vacations together, we often go on walks together, both with Mark and without him, however... that’s not what it’s all about. This is has nothing to do with why she brought me to you."

“But I didn’t ask about going out together. I’m a sexologist first and foremost, let me remind you.”

“Well... I somehow have to force myself to have sex with her regularly, is this what you meant? Yes, we even agreed with her on this matter after the first appointment with you. But I doubt that this agreement will last long.”

Melanie raised her eyebrows.

“I understand. Then let’s move on to advice. Let me just give you a hint, for starters. In your relationship, you are a driven partner. No, this is not humiliating. This does not mean that you are some kind of slave, henpecked, and the like. It’s just that you, Tom, has no own steel rod, no animal desires, no drive."

I looked at her confused. She told the unpleasant truth, but I never had any shifts about it. Is it really time for these shifts, damn it?

“No, this is not a reason to cultivate shifts in yourself,” Melanie again guessed my thoughts.

I sighed and said: “Thank you, otherwise I was already prepared. Then why are you telling me all this?”

“Sorry. I allowed myself a little theory. But you just need practice,” Melanie replied. "I would fill today's meeting entirely with one practical exercise. I would propose a whole series of different exercises, both for you and for Stacy. You, Tom, should start with this."

I expected her to show some kind of breathing exercises. Melanie actually took a deep breath, and I noticed how the toe of her shoe quickly described several semicircles in both directions, and then froze in place. She clenched her fists, briefly closed her eyes, and the toe of her shoe repeated the same movements again.

Then she looked at me carefully, as if guessing whether I had noticed anything. I delicately turned my gaze to the clock that was behind her.

“We will talk about abstract topics. About you personally, or about Stacy, or about both of you. The exercise is that at any moment you, Tom, can order me to do something, and I must do it.”

“Order in what sense?” I raised my eyes in surprise.

" Yes, yes, don’t be surprised. Don’t ask, but rather order. This should sound like an order, not a request. In fact, I can refuse you, of course. Let’s agree right away, you don’t repeat orders that I’ve already refused."

“And what is the purpose of such... shall we say, an exercise? What is the criterion of success, at least?”

"So that you learn to accept rejection. Success in this exercise is when you, Tom, stop defending yourself from rejection, as you are used to doing. As most men do: avoid asking for what they really want. Here you will have to try. Don't waste time on orders that you don't care about, don't ask for what you don't want with all your heart or... anything else. We have limited time, and you should spend it usefully. If you receive a refusal, just accept it, but continue to want something else, order to me again and again. Believe me, it is not so easy, but this is the only effort that is required of you to always know what you want and not be afraid to ask.”

“Something doesn’t come to mind right away,” I hastened to say, “I need time to think.”

“Yes, of course. There is no need to rush with an order. Let it be spontaneous. First, let’s just talk about something. Tell me, have you already tried to stop drinking wine in the evening?”

I shrugged, "Yeah, it wasn't hard. After all, I don't think we're addicted to it."

“Have you felt that you lack freedom?”

“No, I wouldn’t say that. More precisely, it has nothing to do with wine. I wouldn’t be relaxed enough in any case.” And I grinned. She smiled back at me.

Her shoe again drew a small circle in the air with its toe, and Melanie stroked her knees.

“Listen, Melanie,” I said hesitantly, “now I’d like to give the first order.”

She looked at me with interest.

"Let's take a break and you can go away for a while... to wherever you need to go."

Melanie tilted her head and froze, feigning misunderstanding.

“But... I don’t need to go anywhere,” she answered calmly.

“It’s not true. I can’t ignore your movements. You distract me. I’m serious. Let’s try to do without this... self-training of yours. At least for today.”

Melanie looked down at the floor. She may have blushed, but when she looked up, there was no longer any trace of embarrassment on it.

"No, I'm not going anywhere. We continue."

“That’s it!”, I was sincerely surprised, “I didn’t expect to receive a refusal to such a simple request.”

“So we are on the path to success. You chose the right request if you are not indifferent to the refusal. It means you really wanted it.”

She praised me. Well, that's a reason to rejoice. But actually, her refusal hurt me. There was nothing I could do about it.

“Still, I don’t understand, did I guess right or not?”, I persistently asked, “Can I believe my eyes, or do I already have... an obsession, like that?”

Melanie tilted her head: “Tom, I won’t tell you. No matter what I say, you will believe what you convinced yourself.”

“If you had simply complied with this request, the matter would have closed itself,” I countered.

“Yes, it’s possible. Let me give you a hint that it’s been a few minutes since I said no and you still haven’t accepted it.”

I became embarrassed and lost all interest in the new orders. Melanie noticed this and suggested talking about a new, abstract topic. This time to discuss my preferences in relation to the girls I know. At work, among my relatives, childhood friends, friends’ wives, anyone else. I had nothing to hide here; I answered her questions honestly and without much interest. At the same time, I watched the toe of her shoe. It was mostly motionless, but after a while it drew one circle, then immediately a second, then a third.

I felt that she was teasing me, just like that, without any purpose. It was a shame. I gradually began to get angry, and then a thought came to me.

“Melanie, pour a glass of water, please,” I ordered.

Melanie went to the cabinet in the corner of the room, where there were several bottles of mineral water and clean thick glass glasses. She filled one of them and handed it to me.

"No, this is for you. Drink this," I ordered, calmly and confidently.

Melanie didn't say a word and emptied the glass in a few minutes. She tried to smile, but it didn't come out very sincerely. It seemed to me that I had offended her, but she pretended that she did not care and calmly returned to her armchair. We continued the unfinished conversation. It already became clear to her that there was nothing to hook me on the topic of overnight relationship, and then she suggested changing the topic.

"Okay, let's talk about something else," I agreed. “Pour another glass then.”

Melanie filled a new glass and walked towards me again.

“No, thanks,” I shook my head, “this is for you again.”

She looked hesitantly at the full glass.

“Tom, I would ask you not to focus on a single thing after all. I also have limitations in this exercise. I cannot refuse what I have already agreed to before. Therefore, when giving such orders, think twice about how this helps your training."

I felt embarrassed. "Sorry. You should have warned me. Okay, I'll try to be more serious," I said.

Melanie licked her lips and began to drink. Slowly, with stops, but still she emptied the second glass.

She really believed that the client came to see her to solve his problem. From this point of view I behaved like an idiot. However, this is not what I was there for that day. I came just like that, that’s what it’s all about.

She sat down in her armchair and began asking about my relationship with Mark. Has my son noticed that my relationship with Stacy has changed and what should I do if he starts to worry about it.

This topic was fine for me more than the parameters of some girls from my job, and I supported this conversation with interest. The toe of her shoe was now making five circles in a row, or even more, I even stopped counting. It was freezing in place for just a couple of minutes, and then start spinning again.

She changed the subject suddenly, without warning. She started talking about my past crushes before Stacy. Very insinuatingly and carefully, she began to ask about the sweetest moments that I had experienced. In fact, as I believe, she was probing my most painful disappointments.

I began to tell her an episode with one girl who did not want to undress herself at all, but asked me to undress her. She had such a harmless shift. While talking about one of our dates, I casually uttered the following phrase: “Take off your blouse and skirt, please. You can leave your underwear on.”

Melanie continued to nod her head. Her shoe spun nervously in the air again.

“Yes, I’m listening, continue,” she looked at me carefully and froze.

“I’m telling this to you, Melanie. You can keep your underwear on,” I repeated louder, coldly and imperturbably.

I just wanted to tease her a bit. I didn't even think that she would do this. But I underestimated her. She did it. Without reproachful glances, without comments, as if she was waiting for such an order.

She was wearing a black silk bikini: a lace bra and a shiny silk thong, tied at the sides with thin laces with knotties. Her fake tan was done perfectly, I could see that now.

As soon as she was about to sit back in her armchair, I slowed her down:

"Melanie, another glass of water please."

Hearing this, she put her palm on her beautiful belly and stared at me in fear.

“Tom, I ask you again. Think, why do you need this?”

“I know why,” I answered calmly, “But I won’t tell you. No matter what I say, you will believe what you convinced yourself. Don’t you?”

She looked reproachfully. Trying to remain calm, she handed me a glass full of water. She was a true master of her craft. Until the last moment, she hoped for the best possible way and taught me this. Her slender, graceful, tanned body restrainedly trembled in front of me, emitting the scent of perfume, demonstrating pride and dignity. She pressed her palm tightly to her thigh, hiding her intimate area from my curious gaze.

I looked into her eyes. “You delight me,” I admitted. "Drink half."

“Would you like to drink from the same glass with me?” Melanie asked hopefully.

“No, thank you, I would prefer wine,” I answered, killing the rest of her hope.

Not a single sign of disappointment or sadness on her face. She placed the half-full glass on the arm of the sofa, next to me, and headed towards her armchair.

I called out to her again. She froze and looked at me over her shoulder.

“Now take off your thong,” I ordered.

To be continued ...

*007*2024-05-08 20:42

Melanie slowly turned to me and narrowed her eyes arrogantly.

“No, Tom,” she replied, watching my reaction. Well, even though this was my real desire, her choice was pretty obvious. I would give a hundred percent for this, well, almost a hundred.

She sat down in her armchair, squeezing her legs tightly together and resting her hands on the armrests. I could see how the muscles of her arms tensed; she was almost lifting herself up on her arms. I continued my story, and not even a minute had passed before the toe of her shoe began to draw circles in the air again.

“Melanie, keep your shoes still,” I said irritably.

She took a deep breath and didn't just refuse. "No-o-o! Ne-e-ve-er!", I heard something like this.

“But why?” I exclaimed, not hiding my disappointment.

"It's your irritation, it's obvious," she explained, "Don't avoid irritants, Tom. Accept it the same way you accept my rejections. It's good for you. Just cope with it."

“Ugh, since science is involved, then there’s no question,” I agreed jokingly.

I sat down on the very edge of the sofa and continued the story about undressing my girlfriend.

“Come over and sit on my lap,” I said, as if addressing that girl. Then I paused and looked Melanie straight into her gray eyes. She became wary, her eyes moved restlessly. Then I repeated it more slowly, so that Melanie would not doubt that this order concerned her specifically.

Again, like with her thong, I wouldn't give even one percent for her to do it. But she did it. At the same time, she was a little deceived, believing that I would bring my legs together and she would sit with her back to me. I did the opposite, spread my knees wider. And I ordered her to sit facing me with her crotch wide open, with no point of support under it. When she protested weakly, I told her that was the position that was implied. And she didn't argue.

“Can I continue the story?” I asked, resting my hands on the sofa.

“Yes, continue,” she exhaled noisily.

I didn't understand why she didn't touch herself, probably because of professional pride.

But myself I dreamed to hug her, at least to touch that smooth tanned skin with my hands. Whose sensitive cells are probably already riddled with the sharp stings of a desperate desire to pee. This skin longed for someone to stroke her, to soothe her with the touch of a warm hand. But I did not touch her, restraining myself from making obscene gestures, because I dreamed of going even further. Of course, I guessed, the further I went, the more harsh and ruthless her refusal would be. Or even several refusals in a row. But damn it: the point I had already reached was already quite good!

Slowly, with some kind of wild pleasure, I finished my story about that girl. I tried to look at Melanie's face most of the time. She looked away more and more often. Then I ran my eyes over her knees, which were helplessly rubbing against the soft edge of the sofa. Along her inner thighs, which occasionally clenched in despair and remained like that for several seconds in a row. Finally, over her tummy, which was already so bulging that when Melanie moved, the top edge of her thong slid lower and lower.

“I have another similar story,” I remembered. “Do you want me to tell you?”

“Yes, of course, I’m listening,” she responded. Her voice changed slightly. Or it seemed to me.

I started talking about another girl who never gave herself to me even once. She was interesting in her own way, we went on about a dozen dates, and most of them ended at my house. But she played her game. She also had some kind of shift, I never guessed what exactly. Maybe she wanted me to take her by force, or at least try. Or maybe on the contrary, she was so sure that this would not happen that she enjoyed her superiority. I think it's called blueballing. It doesn't matter, though.

As soon as I talked about my first date with her, I turned my head towards the half-full glass.

" Melanie, it's time to finish it," I said.

For the first time I heard her moan. A real groan. She barely reached the glass, stretching her exhausted bladder. A minute later the empty glass stood in the same place. Then I looked at her face. To be honest, I was a little scared to look there. What if, because of my gaze, she behaves unpredictably. Anything can happen, she is not made of iron, although she tries to seem so. She looked tensely, anxiously, but constantly corrected her gaze to a lighter and more attentive one. And then her gaze still changed to the real one.

“Are you very tired?” I asked in a whisper.

“Not yet,” she replied with a grin.

“Then put your hands behind your head,” I ordered quietly.

“What?”, she pulled away from me and looked at my face.

"That's an order. Keep both hands behind your head. It's that simple. Just like that." And I showed her.

She chuckled and slowly placed her hands on the back of her head. First one, then the other.

It was so surprising that I felt a slight chill throughout my body. What is she trying to achieve? Why does she agree to everything?

I remembered her words about the purpose of the exercise and seemed to truly understand them. I felt time moving. With each movement of the second hand of the wall clock, the objects around me seemed to move somewhere, and with an imperceptible delay I moved there after them. Forward into the unknown, into the alluring future. And it won't last forever. This appointment lasts only an hour. There is no need to put anything off until later. We need to have fun.

I did it spontaneously. Right during my story, without any pause, as if I had simply unbuttoned the top button on my shirt, I grabbed both knots on the sides of her thong and pulled them away. My fingers didn't even touch her skin. The silk fabric rustled and fell quietly to the floor. I looked into Melanie's face and caught a fascinating moment as her eyes widened and her mouth slowly opened. I won’t lie, she saw the same on my face at that moment.

I expected a slap or something from her. However, no... she just looked at me with her mouth open, then slowly closed it and smiled very weakly.

I was a little confused, but my inner voice screamed: “Don’t stop, just don’t stop!”

“Will you take off your top yourself?” I asked her then, “Or do you need a specific order?”

Her smile became a little wider. "It doesn't matter. My hands are cuffed," she replied.

I reached behind her and casually tossed her bra aside. She became completely uncomfortable, and her booty jumped up and down, hanging loosely between my legs. Melanie moaned again.

I imagined how her crotch felt, how it needed protection and care. Then I pressed my palm against her pussy, and Melanie immediately squirmed on my hand. My finger hesitantly plunged into her slit, dry and warm. She reacted immediately: her hand instantly slid down, and thin fingers grabbed my wrist with a death grip and pulled it away from her body.

“No, you can’t, you can’t do that, Tom,” she whispered and tried to smile. This was already difficult for her.

I grabbed her svelte booty with both hands: “May I help to you this way?”

Melanie nodded in agreement and even whispered thank you.

Yes, I should have done this earlier, I thought, because she must be so tired of sitting over the abyss.

“How are you feeling now?” she asked.

I thought, continuing to look at her and gently knead her smooth booty with my fingers.

“A little confused,” I finally answered. Really, I didn't know what to do next.

My dick was pushing hard against the fabric of my tight trousers. And she watched it. I was embarrassed, but I couldn't do anything about it. Perhaps her last question was not even addressed to me.

“There, between the sofa cushion and the armrest,” she suggested, “just stretch out your hand.”

I reached out and felt the smooth little squares. I took one of them and opened the package.

“I’ll take off my pants, maybe?” I asked carefully. It didn't even look like an order.

She stood in front of me, entwining her legs, squatting slightly in place and massaging her thighs with both hands. At the same time hiding the fluffy triangle, neatly trimmed. Which was, Oh My God, so tender and defenseless.

“Melanie, where are your hands?” I reminded her reproachfully. She made a crying face and returned her hands to the back of her head.

I quickly got rid of not only my trousers and underpants, but also all my other clothes.

“Do I have to sit down again... the same way?” she asked plaintively.

Yes, of course, I nodded. With sadness on her face, she took her previous position.

My hands grabbed her ass and I pulled her body tightly towards me, right to my stomach. She cried out, unable to stretch fully, and lifted her legs up on the sofa, hugging my butt with her cold heels. She jumped up and down every now and then, trying to keep her balance.

“Do you see the clock on the wall?” she asked, “How long until the end of the session?”

“Half an hour, maybe a little less,” I suggested.

" Ooh! Almost an eternity! I didn't expect it to be so... so difficult. What a creative man you are, Tom! That joke of yours with three glasses of water is... it's beyond the bounds of decency."

“Sorry, Melanie,” I said condescendingly handing the condom to her, “Please put this on. And it’s better not to remind me about a water.”

“I’ll try now,” Melanie answered and blushed. She gently pulled the latex over my dick. And she put her hands behind her head, this time without prompting.

I lifted her light, slender body and tried to pull her on top of my buddy. She began to breathe frequently and hissed through her teeth, fighting both despair and laughter. Yes, it was funny. I was hoping to get into her on the first try, but that was not the case. She could have helped me with this, but she didn’t do it on purpose, she just giggled and kept moving her booty in different directions.

“Melanie, freeze where you are for one minute,” I ordered.

“No, denied,” she continued to giggle, “Well, believe me, Tom, I didn’t do it on purpose. I really need to move.”

She began to move even more, and her voice began to tremble: “Oh! Just not now! My carpet! My sofa! Tom, help me, please!”

To be continued ...

*009*2024-05-10 22:36

It didn’t cost her anything to hold her crotch with her hands and run into the next room, where there would probably be something for this case. For example, a bucket or vase. However, she continued to play her harsh game, sitting in an uncomfortable position on my hairy thighs and holding her hands behind her head. Taking the risk of ruining your furniture, which by the way is not so cheap.

"A glass!" she yelled, "Hurry up!"

Following her gaze, I grabbed an empty glass from the arm of the sofa and brought it to her fluffy triangle.

She sucked in a breath through her teeth. "Tom, lean it on me. I need to know where it is."

I pressed the rim of the glass against her fuzzy spot.

“Oh, Tom, I’m not a boy!”, she almost cried, “A little lower. A little more. Ah, come quickly!”

Such a powerful jet burst out of her that foam even formed in the glass. Pretty soon I had to yell stop.

When I put the glass back, it was almost full to the brim. Melanie looked on it sadly.

“I want more,” she whispered pitifully.

“Not this time. Maybe later,” I answered coldly and started to impale her on my dick.

She bit her lip and waited obediently for me to come inside her. She even somehow tried to help me with this, but obviously it was even more difficult for her than for me.

After that, we moved slowly, even somehow relaxed, and for quite a long time. Melanie tried to start a conversation on new serious topics, but every time I could not help but smile, and the conversation did not work out.

“Why do you almost never refuse me?” I asked. “It’s like you blew this entire exercise.”

"It's okay, Tom. You keep it simple and easy," Melanie replied, "You're just choosing your orders wisely. Too smart and consistent. There's never been a reason to refuse yet."

"Are you saying that you just wanted the same thing?"

“Maybe so,” and she playfully winked at me, “But this little win, it’s yours, don’t doubt it.”

“And how often do you practice this here?” I asked a few minutes later. And immediately felt ashamed: "Um, sorry. You don't have to answer."

She laughed. “I guess you didn't have to ask. Yep, I won’t answer. I’ll just admit to you that you turned out to be a daredevil. I’ve never had to use a glass yet.”

I pulled my lips away from her pink nipple and looked up. Her elbows trembled slightly from fatigue.

"Thank you for the compliment. You can put your hands down. For a little while."

She sighed with relief and hugged my shoulders. Then there was a kiss on the lips, then a second, then another and another, passionately and persistently.

We continued to move like wound-up mechanical toys. I didn’t feel my dick; it floated somewhere down there, in her abundant moisture, almost without touching the bounds.

“Are you going to cum today?” she asked carefully.

“Hmm, apparently not today,” I answered sadly, “It happens, alas. I’m not twenty anymore. And not even forty.”

“Maybe we should stop?” she asked, “I really need another empty glass.”

I took her body off me and sat her on my lap.

"Put your hands back, Melanie. If I remember correctly, you can't say no."

Her friendly gaze suddenly became indifferent. She slowly raised her hands to the back of her head.

“And for how long?” she asked coldly.

“Until the session ends,” I replied, “Now I’d like to get dressed.”

Melanie got off my thighs and stomped around, looking at me hopefully.

“As for the empty glass, let me disappoint you. You'll have to wait for a while,” I said, getting dressed.

She growled angrily, walked to her armchair, and pointedly stopped, standing with her back to me. She bent one leg at the knee, and the toe of her shoe tapped on the carpet slowly and persistently.

I got dressed, then approached her from behind and whispered: “How are you? Is the session ongoing?”

“Yeah, I'm fine,” Melanie sighed and turned to me, her shoe hanging in the air and starting to draw semicircles in the air, one after another.

“You started doing this again... how does it help at all?” I asked.

“This only helps me. Everyone has their own movement, their own key, so to speak. You can also come up with some kind of movement for yourself. It will come in handy if something happens. You just need to practice.”

I looked in fascination at her moving graceful leg. She could have sat in a armchair, it would probably have been easier for her, but she continued to stand on one leg. My gaze embarrassed her, she should have ignored me, but she could no longer. Finally, she got tired and put her foot on the floor, stomping on the soft surface.

“So you were the one who told Stacy to lick her lips non-stop?” I guessed.

"Everyone chooses their own key. I just told her not to do it so often."

She wrinkled her beautiful forehead and pursed her lips again, making a gloomy face. Suddenly she raised her other leg and began the same movements.

“Well, you do this yourself all the time. You don’t follow your own recommendations.” I grinned.

“Depends on the case,” she countered, “However, it still works.”

“Let’s check how reliably this works,” I suggested and unceremoniously knelt in front of her. My lips gently touched her bulging belly. She groaned, but allowed it. On the next long kiss she squealed and plopped down in a armchair deeply, away from my lips.

"You promised me an empty glass, Tom," she whined. "It's been so long."

I have ignored her complaint.

"Well, as the session continues, ... will you maybe find the next topic to talk about?", I just asked.

"Yes, for sure". And at the same moment, she involuntarily entwined her legs, then glanced shyly at me and put them back exactly next to each other. She was sitting on the edge of her chair, her whole body swaying back and forth, not even trying to hide it.

"A minute, I'm thinking about it," she whispered.

Her elbows, being on either side of her head, began to jerk again.

I didn't care what she was coming up with. I wanted to throw away all internal prohibitions.

“Give me a head, Melanie,” I said, “Just don’t rush to refuse. In return, I’ll bring you two empty glasses and help you get dressed. The next visitors is probably already waiting for you, right? You can’t afford to embarass yourself in front of them.”

She raised her eyebrows in surprise. "I didn't expect it from you, Tom."

“Am I getting too bold? Or do I look too respectable for a blowjob?” I retorted, blushing slightly at my own impudence.

“That’s not what I’m talking about, Tom! Why did you start bargaining right away? It means you’re giving up. You’re afraid of refusal.”

“Nope, refusal is not a problem,” I replied calmly. “Apparently, you’re tired after all, Melanie. Just think, we still have twelve minutes left. Twelve. Long. Minutes. Either way, I'm going to enjoy these minutes. So... make your choice.”

Melanie jumped to her feet and began walking from the window to the door and back. She was thoughtfully silent for a while and finally exhaled: “No, no, hell no!”

She looked at me very pitifully, but I just shrugged: “Well, no means no.”

I lounged on the sofa and prepared to watch her incredible movements. And the main thing is to watch her reaction to my commands: drain a few more glasses.

“No, no, no, that’s not my answer,” Melanie quickly babbled and sat down on her heel, hugging one knee with her arms. "No, damn it, I didn't say that to you. No means I just don't believe it, I can't believe it...".

“That I'm the best?” I teased.

“Don’t flatter yourself, Tom! The best ones don't come here. They roast their chicks at home!” she snapped.

I smiled even wider. Well, proud woman, where did you lose your pride, I thought. You are used to raising other people's men who are not very lucky and have some shifts about this. Well, today is not the case. I don't give a damn that I'm not a tough macho man, and rest assured, I don't consider this some kind of failure.

"Shall we clear the blowjob perspective after all, huh?" said I relaxed.

Melanie took a deep breath and slowly exhaled it all.

“Yes. Welcome, Tom,” she replied, her voice suddenly kind and soft. I slowly approached her. My underpants fell to the floor.

I can't even imagine how she managed to do it so quickly. Apparently she was only thinking about two empty glasses and nothing else. And by the way, I also imagined those glasses filling. It helped us both.

When it was my time to fulfill my promise, I let Melanie use all the empty glasses she had. I was no longer interested in counting them. As I held glass cups under her and then dressed her like a baby doll, she looked at me with such sincere gratitude and love, as if she really were my doll.

“Come to the fourth appointment together. I’ll be waiting,” she reminded, saying goodbye.

“It was great!" I nodded in response, "Well, even though no one poured me any wine ... anyway! Thank you much for this session, Melanie. You may put your hands down.”

###

Stacy greeted me with curiosity. I quickly said hello to her and, trying not to look her in the eye, immediately slipped into the shower. Then I sat on the toilet for a long time, figuring out what I could say and what I couldn’t, and because of this, my brain began to melt. From the bathroom I headed to the kitchen. There I sat down at the table and slowly began to sip a strong espresso.

Stacy quietly came up behind me and hugged me. "How was the session?"

“So-so. She asked too many questions,” I answered gloomily. Not to go into details.

"Aren't you very tired?"

Well, hi guys. What would that mean? Is she guessing something? My thoughts were spinning wildly in my head, and then I remembered our agreement. Oh, no, I'm probably not capable today. What a damn day!

“Yes, a little tired,” I admitted, “Maybe we can try cuni?”

“I would love to, but... I still have these days. I guess, this is a fair excuse to just skip it.”

I turned to her with a satisfied face. "As you say. Let's go to bed."

When I entered the bedroom, Stacy was sitting on the edge of the bed, looking at me darkly.

"Tom, this is wrong. I don't want it this way," she said.

"Do not understand what you talking about".

"If we have agreed, there should be no exceptions."

She slid down to her knees and decisively pulled my clothes down.

“Stacy, don’t,” I protested and turned to leave.

“Don't argue. Just stay still and remain silent,” my wife carefully grabbed my balls and wrapped her lips around my dickhead. I had to obey.

She tried for a very long time. I felt sorry for her, but I could not explain to her the reason, I only asked her several times to stop and give up her idea. She stubbornly shook her head and continued.

“Finally,” I exhaled, feeling the end approaching and looking down without hesitation. Stacy gently hugged one of my thighs with her cold palms, accidentally touching my balls. Then she devoured my poor product, without marking this with any way, either with facial expressions or movements.

*011*2024-05-13 21:54

IV. Forth

Several days passed. On the night of the weekend, I woke up from a nasty, unfamiliar signal. It was still dark. I jumped out of bed, sleepy, not understanding what was happening. Did an alarm go off somewhere? That's when I noticed Stacy's phone was glowing and vibrating. Aha, I thought, a new life - a new ringtone on the alarm clock. And then I noticed that the alarm clock was showing 6:30am. And I remembered that today is a day off.

Stacy groaned in displeasure, stretched, and turned off her alarm clock. Then, without turning on the light, she began to dress.

“Stacy, what happened?” I asked, scared.

“I’m going for a jog,” the wife said, “If you want, let’s jog together.”

“Wow, this is news!” I grumbled and noticed she was wearing a new tight suit. “No, I think I’ll sleep some more. Besides, I have nothing to wear.”

I returned under the covers and closed my eyes. But I couldn’t sleep anymore. I'll probably have to buy myself a similar suit today. And I will stop sleeping normally again until Stacy is disappointed in this family-psychological adventure of hers.

Stacy trained for over an hour. After lunch, as I expected, we went to our local mall to get a tracksuit for me. And the next morning I was already running next to her. In this suit I felt uncomfortable, as if I was naked. I often looked around, it seemed to me that someone was staring at me. Stacy looked at me, and the grin never left her face.

###

On Monday evening another surprise awaited me. Mark and I were already home, and Stacy was still working late. When she appeared in the hallway, I noticed a new backpack over her shoulders.

Mark and I looked at her questioningly.

“Guys, I was in the gym,” my wife announced. A blush played on her cheeks, her eyes shone with a mischievous sparkle.

"Sorry, but if you were waiting for dinner, you'll have to wait a little longer. I really need a contrast shower."

Over dinner, Stacy talked about how different people go to fitness.

“Why do you need fitness if you decide to jog?” I asked.

“Not me, but us. We decided to go jogging, Tom,” she remarked. “But I won’t persuade you to go to fitness, don’t worry.”

“Still, why do you need this?”

“I need some advices on stretching. Also on ...", she hesitated.

"What?"

"On my body fit. So that you see the result not in six months, but earlier. At least in three months.”

Hearing this, Mark almost choked on the meat broth. Stacy looked at him reproachfully and smiled widely.

And then I noticed that she only ate salad. And drank two glasses of water. I felt a little sorry for her, and it made me lose my appetite.

###

The day came when we had our fourth meeting with Melanie. That day I took work home. Stacy missed her evening fitness session and returned home earlier than usual. Mark was sent to spend the night with her sister again as soon as he returned from school.

Stacy usually couldn't go a day without experimenting with food. But during this week she rarely appeared in the kitchen, and on this day she did not appear there even once. She hid in the bedroom and read some book there. Probably about psychology, damn it. As I might have guessed, there won't be a hearty dinner today. Will there be a romantic evening with a bottle of wine? I began to doubt this too.

Her phone rang in the bedroom, and after a short conversation, Stacy appeared next to me. With a two-liter bottle of water and glasses in hand.

“It was Melanie who called. She really asked us to drink one liter for each of us. Right now.”

I was speechless for a while.

“And... do you think we should really do this?” I asked.

“ Do you think we should do what we ourselves consider necessary? Then why did we use her services? This will be the fourth appointment, Tom. We have never objected to her methods.”

“Yes, that’s it. But during all this time, have you really never given up on her recommendations?”

“Honestly? Nope, not even once. This is all serious for me. What about you?”

I thought for a moment before answering. And I also couldn’t remember a single incident.

“Well, you see! She knows what she’s doing,” Stacy confidently insisted.

I remembered why Melanie said these words and chuckled quietly.

“Yes, she knows what she’s doing,” I muttered, “But do we know? This looks like some kind of provocation. What if she wants us to finally refuse to carry out her idiotic tasks? What if this is her goal?”

“What stupid tasks do you mean, honey?” Stacy asked in an unusually gentle voice.

A surge of adrenaline hit me and my palms began to sweat. I didn't know what to say.

“Well, at least this is the last one,” I answered. "Let's test my idea. Let's refuse, call her. We won't deceive her, we'll just refuse to drink this damn water. Let's see how she responds to this."

“Honey, please calm down,” Stacy sat closer to me and gently touched my ear with her fingers, and touched my forehead with her forehead. “We can discuss this with her during the appointment. But now we still have to have a drink. If we don’t give a damn about her task, she will have the right to not give a damn about the whole result that she promised.”

“You’re probably right,” I said. For the first time in several years, she did not simply say that it was necessary to do as she saw fit. She gave a reasonable explanation as to why she felt that way. Fitness works wonders, by God.

We sat together on our sofa for almost an hour, absorbing the prescribed volume. It was time for us to leave the house, and then I felt this liter of water asking to come out. Probably from excitement. I wondered what Stacy felt in her bladder, but I didn't question her. If she admitted this, then during the entire appointment I would only think about how uncomfortable she is, and how I, her full-time defender, am forced to play someone else’s game, remaining a helpless observer. If she said that she didn’t feel anything, I still wouldn’t believe it.

However, Stacy did not show any signs of needing to go to the toilet. She never even licked her lips. And then I stopped focusing on it and went to change my clothes.

While I was getting dressed, I was overcome with anxiety for another reason. And it was stronger than the desire to pee, although the latter was slightly intensified by the former. I thought that Melanie might mention our fun at the last session. Not intentionally, of course. And it's even more likely that I will do it. And not intentionally either. Even if not words, but our looks or facial expressions can tell Stacy that our audience was a little unusual.

I tried to push these thoughts away. But I was worried that I might give myself away even before we arrived at the fourth appointment. I walked around the bedroom from side to side, trying to get my thoughts in order. Just then Stacy walked in, talking on the phone.

"Should I tell him? Right now?" she asked. Her face fell in confusion and she ended the call.

"It was Melanie," she said in a falling voice. “She asked me to tell you. Probably so that you wouldn’t worry at the appointment.”

“So, what should I be told?” I asked anxiously.

“I know what she did to you a week ago.”

A heavy silence hung in the room for several minutes. I couldn’t find any words or even emotions suitable for this news.

“Stacy, what the hell is going on?” I asked quietly through clenched teeth.

My wife looked at me cautiously.

Her face started trembling and twisting: “I don’t know, I don’t know, Tom!” Stacy began to justify herself. Her voice also trembled, she tried not to burst into tears. "Kathleen's cousin recommended her to me... Damn, damn, damn! I wanted to do what was best! What will happen to us now? It turns out that all this was in vain... Are you angry with me? I knew you would be angry" .

"Yes, I'm angry with you," I replied. What more could I say? It was true, after all.

I was angry at Stacy. And Melanie, and those girls at my work that Melanie reminded me of, which is why I was drawn to sexual adventures. But I wasn't angry with myself. I didn’t regret what I did, I didn’t consider it my mistake. I was almost shaking with frustration that the situation had turned out this way. Everything happened the way it happened. Now a feeling of guilt will be added to all our disagreements. We will look at each other differently than before, and remind each other of this unpleasant stupidity. Remembering rarely or often is not so important, but it will remain with us until the end of our lives.

There was a long, languid silence again. This time Stacy broke the silence.

“But I’m not angry, Tom,” she said in that new gentle voice of hers. “And I’m not offended by you. In the sense that I don’t feel humiliated or some kind of victim. Just not at all.”

I looked up at her gloomily.

“I should be calm about this, somehow?”

It would be better if she kept quiet, I thought. A new wave of anger swept over me, and I turned away out the window, unable to find words.

Gradually, my anger cooled down, and in its place, emptiness and indifference remained in my soul.

"Yeah. Stay calm," Stacy replied, "And let me tell you something Melanie didn't ask."

I looked at her point-blank, expecting something dark and unpleasant.

"Two weeks ago Melanie and I did something similar," she said.

I felt a little dizzy.

“And how did you like it? Did you like it?” I asked.

“That’s not the right word. It was... something like resurrection. It was amazing, as if I was born again. And even then I wished you to experience something like that. She told me about you right now. But I agreed to it in advance of your appointment."

"And what did you do with her?"

“Don’t expect details from me. Just know that there were only two of us. If it’s important to you.”

“Yes, Stacy, this is important to me!” I responded sharply. "Such an important detail! Thank you for the information!"

There was silence again for a while.

“Tom, we have to go,” Stacy broke the silence with her gentle voice. "We are going to be late".

I've almost calmed down. But after these words of hers I became enraged again.

"Are we going to be late!? Where!? To a swingers party!? Don't you understand what her next step will be? You'll see, she'll strip us both naked and join us on her fancy expensive sofa. With our bladders stretched to the limit. We risk being drawn into the kinkiest threesome imaginable!"

“But honey... What did you come up with? What if this will be a normal conversation?”

“I doubt it,” I insisted grimly.

“Finally... we are adults! Even if she offers something like that... we can refuse and leave at any time.”

“Stacy, come to your senses! We won’t be able to leave!” I shouted, “Even I won’t be able to leave. She will find the right words. And we will stay there, next to her, like zombies, like voodoo dolls! She knows how it’s done.”. I laughed nervously. “Yes, yes, that’s right, Melanie knows what she’s doing! We won’t even immediately understand how we agreed to this. And then we will very, very regret it.”

Stacy looked at me, and it was clear that she was thinking about my every word.

She paused and then said, "Okay, Tom. You're probably right. We're going nowhere."

On the one hand, I was pleased that I convinced her. But on the other hand, I'm always baffled by sudden concessions. The plan for this evening had already settled in my head: we would just quarrel, and Stacy would go to the appointment alone. When she returns, we will just have a reason for that very strange copulation to which we both agreed. That is, in complete silence and looking in different directions.

And then, her concession could be something like manipulation. To change my mind. And so I made my move.

“Since we are already dressed for the evening, let’s still go somewhere together. For example, to the theater. Or to a restaurant. Wherever you want.”

Stacy nodded in agreement and smiled happily. Maybe she, like me, had just gone through an emotional shock, but it just wasn't as obvious.

I was already holding the keys in my hands to close the door from the outside, and then I clearly felt my bladder. It's at least another half hour to the nearest toilet, I thought, why wait?

“Give me a minute,” I apologized and slipped back into the house.

It didn’t even occur to me to block the toilet door, because there was no one in the house. However, as I pulled my buddy out of pants, I heard Stacy's voice behind me.

"Tom! Wait a little bit." She stood next to me and looked first at my penis, then at the toilet. With some melancholy.

Clutching my urethra with my hand, I turned my head towards her.

"Wait for you? Do you want to watch me pee?", I kidded her remembering her recent invitation .

She blushed, but did not turn away, continuing to watch.

“You can watch, no problem. Can I start?”, I asked with impatience in my voice.

“Tom, please listen,” she said, “I want to ask you. Not to force, not to put pressure on you and not to persuade, but just to ask. It’s important for me to finish what I started. And even if what you mean to me warned happens ..."

At that moment she imagined it and giggled bashfully.

"...Then I would like to go through this with you. We will not regret this, believe me. And if we regret something later, it will definitely not be about this."

Her naive look and clear thoughts disarmed me. Now she was like that Stacy, my tender slender dream from my youth.

“Well... I’m already in the mood for a romantic evening,” I said sadly, with my usual irony.

“Oh, Tom! Theatres, restaurants, romantic evenings... how many more will come,” she answered.

What can I say, on the whole I agreed with her.

"Okay, I'll go. I mean we will go to Melanie."

At that moment the first leak burst out of me. It waited for freedom for too long. Not having the habit of urinating in front of my wife, I desperately clenched my muscles and shook off the drops.

"But still ... can I take a piss in peace first?", I asked with complain.

She raised her eyebrows and shook her head: “No-ope. You should keep our promise.”

"To keep it... inside? Like you do?", I also raised eyebrows, copying her sight .

In response, she crossed her legs and licked her lips defiantly. Then she smiled to me slyly.

“Hide your poor buddy. We'd better hurry,” she reminded, “The fourth appointment is calling us.”

" Hmm, that 's already the fourth," I repeated thoughtfully, "So we gotta move forth ... Go!"

And I resolutely zipped up my trousers.

The end.

&&

*013*2024-05-14 21:46

Thank you all for the feedback. I really appreciate it.

As for possible disappointments from the ending, I apologize, however this is the structure that was originally intended. It's actually an ironic story, hence the open ending, no options.

