The Hunting Trip (part 1)

Author: Alex62

*000*2021-03-07 01:03

This story takes place in the Avatar world. It features a 20 year old male water bender named Sky.

Sky was on a hunting trip with his dad since the next day was his 21st bIrthday. The mark of when he becomes a man in the northern water tribe. Sky dressed in a far coat, the mark of a water bender, a long t shirt under his fur coat, gray pants, and a pair of black cotton briefs.

The day was full of water bending to fish and tracking animals. Even with all the tracking and their water bending they didn’t have a lot to show from the trip. While Sky could care less, in fact the day seemed perfect to him, he could tell his dad was getting pissed.

The trip continued and they started to track a wild animal. Sky wasn’t sure what it was but he didn’t care. The day kept going perfect to Sky, it was everything he wanted. But that changed when he felt a tingle in his bladder, singling he had to pee.

His need wasn’t bad at first and he didn’t want to ask his dad to stop in the middle of a track, epically since he looked pissed, so Sky held and ignored it. But the track went longer then expected and his need got worse and worse. Pretty soon he was fighting with himself to not hold himself.

Sky was able to fight and hold it with a somewhat effort and his dad stayed clueless and focused on the track. Sky had no problem with this as now he didn’t want his dad’s attention. They stayed like that for almost 10 minutes until the saw the beast. It was nothing Sky had ever seen before and his dad had to pull him to a crouching position to stay out of sight of the beast. The sudden movement caused his bladder to spas and Sky felt a leak wet his black cotton briefs.

That’s when he got the idea; pee was over 90% so maybe he could bend his pee to keep it it him and hold it that way. Sky immediately tried it with a hand out of sight of his dad and it work but he wasn’t sure what this could do to his body so he didn’t give it his 100% water bending.

The crouching position helped as well as his bending and Sky managed to leak only twice and thankfully it only wet his briefs. Sky could tell though the leaks were bad and soaked his once dry briefs.

The beast turned around with its back facing them and it was time to run and strike the beast. Unfortunately, that meant standing up and with that and attacking with his dad he couldn’t help but to leak again and again.

Sky managed to stop the leaks after three but to his horror they soaked through his black cotton briefs and left a quarter size wet patch on his gray pants. It was fully visible but his dad was, thankfully to focused on the best to notice. Sky though that since he could bend his pee to keep it in his body maybe he could bend it out of his pants and briefs but to do that he had to stop bending his pee inside him so he couldn’t yet, Sky knew If he stopped he would surly pee his pants fully.

Sky never had to pee this bad in his life. He felt like a dam that was about to break. Sky was surprised he didn’t leak more and thought I must be because of his bending. Sky manger to keep holding but he felt his control start to slip, his new pee soaked briefs made holding 100 times worse.

Sky approaches the beast to strike. But as he stabbed the beast his hold gave and his bending wasn’t enough. Pee flowed effortlessly out of his bladder with a loud hiss. Soaking his black cotton briefs and gray pants. Pea ran down his legs and turning the snow yellow at his feet. Sky stopped in his tracks in complete shock; he was peeing himself like a kid when he was 20, at least he will be 21 soon so and can say he didn’t have an accident that year.

Sky stood the and let his bladder empty, paralyzed in shock. His bladder peeing full force for what seemed like hours. Completely soaking his gray pants and black cotton briefs. Pee ran down his legs getting into his brown boots wetting his feet and soaking the snow below him.

Luckily for Sky his dad didn’t notice as he was now attacking the beast and Sky was able to sneak behind a rock to try to bend his clothes dry which also worked perfectly. Sky bend what seemed like an ocean out of his pants and briefs. Sky threw the pee as far as he could and rejoined the fight.

That’s the end of part 1. part 2 coming soon!

