Asking for it

Author: AliasnameTO

*000*2018-01-16 03:51

Hey guys, I am pleased to present my newest fic, a male desp/wetting piece. Enjoy.

Asking For It

The thing that shocked Jason Sherwin the most about peeing his pants in 11th grade was not that it was happening. It had been a slow, straight march to this fate. Neither was there room in his mind for practical questions, like what to do about standing in the sun with his classmates while a gusher of pee careened down his jean leg and made a mud puddle under his flip-flops.

What did remain was how “going” like he was felt so indisputably on-purpose. As much as it had hurt before release, he could have stopped the stream. Instead, he chose to push. As long as he had entertained the notion of someone having a wetting accident, as far back as a close call for himself in kindergarten, he had pictured it differently.

Since before the occasion he recalled, he had not liked to use the school bathrooms, out of some sense of shyness even at five years old. He preferred to avoid drinking much and waiting until he got home. But one day, while sitting cross-legged on the floor and being read to, a sudden urge to go besieged him. The blazing strength of the pee feeling had taken him by surprise. He refrained from gripping his crotch, but somehow sprung up into a kneeling position so his legs were together. He squirmed and clenched as hard as he could, his body crying out for him to let go.

He maintained composure enough to be ashamed of what was happening. Everyone was looking at the pictures in the teacher’s book, somehow failing to notice Jason’s babyish, white-knuckle display of keeping his pee in. The only time he had seen the classroom’s toilet at this point had been during orientation before the first day of school. His shyness no longer mattered; now would be its real introduction. He raised his hand with the signal the teacher taught the kids for when they had to go, and was excused.

Though never having peed himself since potty training, he just knew disaster was moments away. A squirt dampened the front of his Batman underwear before the bathroom door was completely closed. He hopped and ran in place with burning bladder muscles to stop it, and finally got his button open. Eyeing the clear water in the toilet, he answered his bladder’s throbs and let fly. But in reaching for his penis to direct the stream, his eyes grew wide. Oops. His hand found… the fabric of his briefs-- warm, saturated, and billowing out where he was unloading urine into them at full blast.

A second of fumbling later and his clothes were finally all out of the way. He was free to let the rest go in the toilet, and having finished, re-covered himself with the sodden briefs and zipped up his shorts.

Learning the term may have been years away, but his return to the class was the picture of a poker face. His underwear were cool and very wet, but his shorts appeared unscathed. He sat back down as if he weren’t stewing in fresh piss. The worry about whether he would be found out had faded before the end of the day.

###

The reason Jason had hung onto the memory of this first and most urgent pee emergency into eleventh grade was because it still did not result in a real accident. Sure, his underwear had caught a fair amount of pee when it happened, but being a little wet was not by itself unpleasant, and all except that one little leak was released only once he chose to do it. Part of him wished he had not asked for the bathroom. He wanted to know what it felt like to fail at holding it and pee all-out into his pants. As he got older, he had even made peace with the embarrassment and scolding that would have accompanied it, rationalizing that it was perfectly understandable for a kindergartener to wet himself. He was too close with his older brother to suffer teasing, and his two younger sisters were babies at the time. Nobody would probably have even thought about it a day later.

This curiosity around the exalted “real” accident that remained out of reach sparked the secret pee fascination Jason had now fostered well into high school. He liked being by himself and thus did not have any good friends, but had made the habit of watching others for signs of desperation, hoping he’d catch someone wet, and letting out the odd intentional dribble himself. Being secretly damp around others excited him. At times he’d hold his pee for hours after the first urge to go, even at school, to see what would happen. It never amounted to more than a persistent stomach ache. He always made it home. To make matters worse, he occasionally tried wetting himself on purpose while standing in the bathtub. His body refused to give in.

Unlike his perceived bladder endurance, his taste for imagining eventually hit its limit. If he was to find out what real desperation felt like, it would have to be with a bolder effort. No more careful probing of his capacity. No more kid gloves for his bladder; he was going to crush it if that’s what it took. He had proved already he could take it.

That determination put a spring in his step one Friday morning. With the rest of his family occupied that afternoon, there would be a short window after he got home when the house would be empty. Today was the day to kick his amateur holding habit into gear.

Jason peed in the shower when getting ready for school, shampooing his curly “metalhead” blonde hair with one hand and aiming the pee stream down his leg with the other. Swirls of yellow were carried toward the drain. While warm on his skin to begin with, his concentrated urine rose in a fog thanks to the shower’s heat, causing a smell which hung heavily. It did not disgust him. To the contrary, knowing it was his gave him a naughty thrill. But he hoped not to produce such a strong odor later in the event he leaked before getting home.

He had a glass of iced tea with breakfast, a little taller than normal as the first stage of his plan to beat his bladder into submission. If he usually released a lazy pee when getting home, upping his fluids should ratchet up the intensity.

Dressing was normally done without much thought-- a semi-random pairing of a band or geek t-shirt and jeans to go over flip-flops. He contemplated what would work best for his challenge. His only pair of tight jeans were a very pale grey. He buttoned them over snug boxer-briefs and slipped on a red Gryffindor shirt. With an oversized flannel button-down over that, and a water bottle in the pouch of his backpack, he was ready. His mother asked no questions as he left for the bus stop about why he was more energetic this morning.

Classes began as normal. His slightly increased liquids at breakfast, bolstered by deep drinks from his bottle throughout, had no effect on his first few classes. He upped the ante at lunch by making the trek to the best water fountain and drinking until he was full. Lunch period was almost over, but when the first bladder pangs hit, he turned back to the water fountain for another indulgent mouthful. Trust in his holding ability was absolute; there would be no mercy.

Algebra II was when Jason’s fullness had appreciably traveled downward. Frequent spasms made him clench, and moving made the pee slosh inside him. He kept his knees together, and crossed them when hard surges hit. If he pressed a hand to his crotch, it was for comfort rather than need.

Where most other kids would probably ask for the bathroom, Jason savored the pressure. Yes. This was about how badly he needed to go at the end of a normal day. Seeing as this was sixth period, with two and a half more classes to go, he’d face the better part of three hours before getting home to deal with his delectably intense need. No sweat. In between solving compound functions, he rewarded himself for accurately gauging his bladder with more sips of water, and a few celebratory dribbles in his underwear. Doing it made him get hard, which made holding it easier. He managed to squeeze out a little bit more, spotting the front of his jeans before he clamped the flow. The way his hair hung down from both sides of his head hid the fact that he was biting his lip with excitement. It would take a lot more pressure before his case reflected what happened all those years ago.

Standing up at the end of math class was the first suggestion for Jason to rethink his boundless confidence. He hesitated, hunched over for a moment, with a bladder that felt like a dumbbell. Not that he almost lost control-- his was good enough that even relaxing proved no trouble. Still, his body would not let him release more than the minorest of squirts in his clothes. As usual when he had to go “badly”, a lot of the discomfort was focused in his stomach rather than at his bladder’s opening, where he wanted the feeling. It must have been that it was not done stretching. Once he had reached capacity, maybe then would the urgency of the feeling increase.

Sitting down in science was a big relief. The walk from one classroom to the next, which he was used to doing with a full bladder, was now completed with one that would not stop spasming every few seconds. He groaned contentedly when sinking into his desk. It was much more comfortable to hold his pee this way.

Still, the pain was beginning to get to him. To resist it, he recalled his frustration with holding before. He was going to punish his bladder, and maybe it would give out at some point if he continued to hold at home. Not caring who saw, he squeezed his penis. So what if it felt good: everything short of going to the bathroom counted as continuing the challenge.

At some point, a shooting pain hit his abdomen. He groaned audibly. Tiffany, the cute brunette who sat next to him, glanced over.

Jason met her eyes, blushing red. He only liked her a little bit, and had already made up his mind not to care if anyone noticed he had to go. But that did not mean he agreed with that choice in the moment. He stared straight ahead and hoped she would go back to ignoring him.

Back to focusing on his zinging bladder, he had never suffered a sharp pain like that before from having to pee. Was he hurting himself? He only intended to have a pee emergency in school, not a medical one. His science teacher’s restroom pass was a floppy disk hanging from a lanyard. He gave it a long look, and raised his hand to ask for it. Surrender was at hand.

Tiffany’s arm went up first. “Can I go to the bathroom?” she asked. The teacher pointed his thumb to the door, and out she went.

Damn. Only one student was allowed out at a time, unless Jason wanted to plead his case that it was an emergency. The pressure on his bladder had rocketed up since the first worrying spasm, and it had only been a few minutes at most. But the shooting pain had not come back. Jason took Tiffany’s hijacking the pass as a sign to press on. He was still not afraid of losing control. All it took was bouncing his knee to keep him comfortable enough. He would make it.

Minutes before science ended, Jason could not risk relaxing his active hold. Every time he did so, a wall of pee rushed to the opening. When he clamped down again, a warm drop or two inevitably escaped. He cursed his prior habit of leaking in class on purpose-- he had effectively trained himself not to hold in the time that it counted. Not that he had a problem with leaking even now, having wet his underwear enough to feel urine dripping down between his thighs. But if he continued at this rate, his light jeans would show enough spots to give away that he was slowly peeing even if he held in the rest. Heat returned to his face with just how bound up he had gotten himself. He kept his hold steady. His body expected him to let some out, so his bladder had responded with a greater push. He scrunched his toes into his sandals with the effort, but the leaks stopped.

The bell rang. The commotion of everyone making for the door let him take a moment to bury his hands in his crotch and quietly whimper. A film of sweat had risen on his neck and forehead. This was it. What he planned to experience for years was in his lap now. His sphincter quivered and he truly felt that he was moments away from blasting his pants with piss. But he was over an hour too early! There was no way he would be able to handle this state for an entire class period and bus ride, let alone do it without making a scene. His earlier vows were forgotten. He gathered his things, set his brow, and lurched toward the bathrooms. Even if he never used the ones at school, and he had to explain to his strictest teacher that he was late because he had to pee, this was the end.

It was nearly the end right there in the hallway, when another shooting pain racked his abdomen at the same time the fire alarm rang. He clamped one hand over the ear closer to the source of the infernal sound, and one around his penis to avoid wetting himself. He whined loudly. Others may have guessed it was because the alarm was shrill and ear-splitting. Truthfully, it was because his resolve for holding was shattered. His situation was real, now. He was beyond the point of merely wanting to pee. If he did not put a concerted effort into holding it, it was going to fill his pants in the packed hallway of his high school. And now the bathrooms were inaccessible. He let himself be herded outside with tears in his eyes. What had he been thinking?

Clarity soon came back to him, though. As badly as his muscles burned, they were not giving out. The most he lost at any point was a negligible fleck. If it meant keeping himself to leaks or even spurts until the fire alarm was over, so be it.

The group had reached the courtyard and Jason’s teacher was doing a headcount. Tiffany had returned and locked eyes with him again. There was no denying his terrified expression and frantic potty-dance this time. She leaned close and asked quietly, “Do you have to go to the bathroom?”

It could not have been more obvious. He nodded, deepening his squirming now that the secret was out.

Tiffany looked at the trembling wreck that was Jason, as awed as one who had seen a magic trick. “Oh my god, you’re not joking. Were you going to ask to go at the same time I did? I’m so sorry!” She hugged him. “I didn’t know! I was fine, I should have let you go first. Will you make it?”

“Maybe,” he squeaked. His muscles locked up. He was not going to wet himself in front of Tiffany after she showed him such understanding.

On second thought… Jason’s heart redoubled its thumping. Tiffany acknowledged him as moments away from an accident, and was being understanding. As unfavorable as his current scenario was, he might not get another chance.

Before he spent too much time deliberating whether to keep holding, a third piercing pain rocked him. A primitive part of his consciousness made the decision. Screw it. With the pain at its peak, Jason let go.

Urine screamed out of him. Tiffany grabbed Jason’s arm to keep him upright. While he moaned and shuddered, pee filled his groin and rained down his right leg. It made the denim heavy and warm, and the fabric bound itself to his skin. Streams broke free at some points to patter into the lawn. He avoided looking at anyone, even Tiffany. But the relief was infinite. He may have let go on purpose, but he got his wish. He was peeing his pants in school. The peace that blanketed him in the midst of catastrophe must have been what drugs felt like.

He pushed the pee out, continuing to spray it with a noisy fury. Several times he had to shift his feet to avoid sinking into a swelling mud puddle. The sight that greeted him upon looking down was a dark and glinting expanse. It was plain to anyone: he had destroyed his pants with piss. When his stream finally slowed to a trickle, Tiffany pulled him by the wrist out of the crowd.

“You... should go to the clinic, let’s hurry!” she said, “Before too many people see.”

Jason was still shaking from what happened. “I think it’s a little late for that,” he said. He was leaving an irregular trail of pee-drops on the concrete walkway to the clinic, and an increasing number of classmates were looking his way in shock. He noted in the moment it did not bother him as much as it should have.

The nurse looked up from some paperwork at the pair-- both red-faced, one sopping wet from the crotch down. “Oh my goodness!” she cried.

“He peed his pants,” Tiffany chimed, as if there were any other possibility.

His eyes downcast, Jason peeped, “Do you have any clean clothes I could borrow?”

“Uh, yes,” the nurse said, suddenly in motion, “Just-- stay right there, don’t move. I’ll only be a minute.” She exited through a back door.

Jason looked at Tiffany, who kept her hands in her pockets and shrugged. “I should probably get to class,” she said.

“Alright,” he said, sweeping a hand through his voluminous hair. At once he was struck by how crazy this all was-- he stood, drenched in pee, talking to a girl he had a mild crush on. “Sorry,” he added.

“No, don’t be sorry!” Tiffany rushed to answer, “I’m sorry for cutting you off like I did, aah! And the fire alarm, oh my god. It’s okay, I promise. Have a good rest of your day.” She waved and left.

The nurse came back. “Here, change into these,” she said, extending a pair of PE shorts, “We’ll put your wet stuff in a plastic bag, and you can call somebody to come get you.”

She showed Jason the bathroom. He did as he was told, and actually released an urgent second stream into the toilet. He had had enough peeing for one day.

After a phone call and the time it took his mom to get there, Jason was ready to go home. When he explained what happened in the car, it sounded like it all made sense-- he asked to go when he needed to, and was twice held up. That he never had problems in the past was merely a testament to his good luck until today.

What he did not reveal was that he included today in his string of good luck all the same. His plan had not failed; it had succeeded beyond all expectations. Perhaps the worst embarrassment lay ahead. But in place of the years of regret over playing “What if”, he had done a real wetting, sparing none of the involved spectacle of doing it in front of people he knew. And when it came down to it, he did not care about most of them. Tiffany took it well and that is what counted.

Upon getting home, Jason changed out of his school shorts, lay on his bed, and smiled to himself. He may have doused his jeans spectacularly, but his absolute limit remained unknown. He would have to try harder next time.

*002*2018-01-16 04:47

{{8 minutes ago, Bi Omo Guy said:

Great story! The desperation was great and I'd love to hear more about Jason.

}}

Thank you :D Like my other character Shelly, he's actually based on a real person. The omo bits being purely imaginary, as far as I know. But he's adorkable.

