Fantasy adventurers story idea (please throw in some requests)

Author: ar ar ar

*000*2024-09-24 02:44

So as the title says, I'm planning to get a start on a small-ish (for now) anthology based on a troop of 4 female adventurers in a fantasy land. Parties, battles, festivals, contests, and of course untimely situations involving desperate bodily functions within those scenarios... That sort of thing. Already got a few vague ideas in mind, but would love to hear a few from anyone interested as well in terms of desperation, wetting, messing, the whole works really. Whether that be me adapting them to one of the main characters or a side/background happenings, or a much wider scenario involving many. Fire away with something you'd like to see. Things may not get written and put out instantly, but if stuff goes well, I hope to have it be something I could continue with.

First question from me however (I'm a fuckin neek and can't decide because both are cool and would work) is for the role of tall thicc muscle mommy, do people want a half-orc, or a goliath (D&D type)?

I'll leave that decision open for a little while until I start trying to actually write down the things I've got in mind, but for now will have a further look at other similar things to possibly help inspiration and style.

*002*2024-09-24 03:13

{{2 minutes ago, Blueyedhaw said:

What about a minotaur? Massive, strong, and.... well there's two other reasons if you catch my drift.

}}

Bro, humanoid minotaur with fat tits? Very tempting idea. Will keep that in mind. Whether it's a main or side character I'm having that. Nice.

*004*2024-09-26 16:26

{{3 minutes ago, verycreativena said:

Halflings and dwarfs. And make them too short to sit on the toilets properly

(Shameless plug alert)

Reveal hidden contents

In my Warhammer fanfiction, the main character (Bretonnian knight) used to be a part of a party of four women: herself, an Imperial dwarf (yes, they are a thing in case you're not familiar with Warhammer fantasy), a halfling and an Imperial bounty hunter. It was treated as a background story. The story was nowhere near finished but I plan to churn out another chapter before 3rd October since I would be busy for the entire month onwards. Check it out if you will.

Also, what's the new rules about messing/scat stuff?

}}

Yeah, one of the mains will be a dwarf, and fun idea that she's too short to easily get up to the toilet. Will definitely use that. Not got rules as such, I don't mean for these to be interactive, but just that some scenarios can be thrown my way before I start on the different chapters. But I was thinking of possibly using the classic capacity gauge intermittently between stages. Idk, nothing 100% solid in mind right now.

&&

*006*2024-09-26 21:56

{{5 hours ago, verycreativena said:

As for scenarios I suggest group dumping/pissing whether outdoors or public toilets (like the Romans)

The romans didn't really separate men from women but you can choose if *your* fantasy world operates that way or not.

And for this part I didn't ask about the rp rules or anything like that. I meant the new site rule regarding scat content.

}}

Will keep that in mind, fun idea. I've sent a question about it to the mods just to be definite on what one can do in terms of writing for pieces of fiction. I myself, would like to be quite liberal with it and have a fun idea for a finishing blow on an enemy, but don't know how far the violence rule extends to as well. So have checked up. Will get back to you when I have a response, but from what I've heard things are a little busier than usual. So, good question because I myself could find it useful to know that and a few extra things as well. But i think things are more liberal when it comes to fiction based on stories I've read previously.

*007*2024-09-27 11:47

Also general notice, I'm not too keen on fetishising with a few of the more animalistic fantasy species (I feel it can get a bit too weird), I'd say Centaurs and Mermaids are basically my limit.

*009*2024-09-27 15:36

{{19 minutes ago, Blueyedhaw said:

What about Arachne?

}}

I'm hearing ya. And they are cool. But in terms of biological functions, how's that working?

&&

*011*2024-09-27 15:45

{{3 minutes ago, Blueyedhaw said:

... I think I can make a guess buddy.

}}

Admittedly that's what I was thinking, but hadn't actually seen any designed like that..... until now. I guess reddit and twitter artists never fail to disappoint or to surprise. Fair enough though. Like yeah basically if something has a humanoid face and humanoid enough body (whether that be attached to anything else) then yeah, it's gewd.

*013*2024-09-27 21:02

{{On 9/26/2024 at 5:37 PM, verycreativena said:

As for scenarios I suggest group dumping/pissing whether outdoors or public toilets (like the Romans)

The romans didn't really separate men from women but you can choose if *your* fantasy world operates that way or not.

And for this part I didn't ask about the rp rules or anything like that. I meant the new site rule regarding scat content.

}}

They say stuff like leaking or full blowout is fine (within fiction writing) as long as it's not overly graphic (pretty much what I thought) so in terms of myself, I'd like to be pretty liberal with it.

*016*2024-09-28 18:45

{{3 hours ago, Bothan1138 said:

As someone who has been in a few omo themed fantasy RPs on this site, I love the idea of someone writing more stories like this.

As for ideas:

1) A busy night at the tavern or inn with long lines for the outhouse or toilets.

2) Drunken bedwetting after partying a bit too hard after winning a tough fight.

3) A close combat character trying not to get distracted by desperation, dribbling, and leaking during a fight.

4) Ghosts, undead, or particularly vicious monsters (like a dragon) causing fear accidents.

5) A succubus or incubus that has an omo fetish, or has to seduce a character with an omo fetish.

6) Long-lived races that toilet train later or have accidents for longer due to their longer life spans.

}}

Yeah the first 3 I'd thought of already dw, but the other 3 could definitely be implemented, nice ideas. I really like the 5th one

*018*2024-09-29 11:35

{{9 hours ago, MrPiggy said:

Perhaps a dungeon that awards dubious loot, and the troupe has to figure out how to deal with it.

Here’s one:

Bewitched Panties: appears as a normal pair of white panties before revealing its true nature once worn. (and +99 defense or something to make it worthwhile) indestructible, slightly shrinks once worn so that it cannot be taken off. It destroys any feces that come into contact with it, eliminating any related needs (not into messing), but when it comes into contact with pee, it severely contracts itself, causing extreme pain to the wearer for a couple minutes until it dries off and expands back to its normal form. The only time when it does not contract, that is, when the wearer can safely pee, is a 1 minute interval that randomly occurs every day (excluding when the wearer is asleep) when the panties briefly vibrate, turn pink, and allow pee to soak through it.

Thus, the wearer is forced to hold it in for up to 24 hours without leaking, and when they are finally allowed to pee, they must squat and do it on the spot to avoid missing the time frame. Side note: wearing pants would also cost the wearer precious time to slide off while peeing.

}}

Could definitely implement it as a temporary thing until the character realises the true extent of the tradeoff of using them (or at least until she can get them disenchanted off her by the help of a higher mage or something). But disclaimer, obviously not with your specific idea but just with these stories in general, there's gonna be a decent bit of messing and poop desperation included. But I really like the idea of wacky dubiously enchanted loot, so thanks. Plus your idea would help set up the basis of a scenario I'd half planned.

*020*2024-10-04 14:20

Alright gonna try to get the first chapter done over this weekend, may have some life things that get delay it but either way, it's the next thing I'm gonna do here so I intend for it to be out soon.

*021*2024-10-15 09:54

{{On 10/4/2024 at 3:20 PM, ar ar ar said:

Alright gonna try to get the first chapter done over this weekend, may have some life things that get delay it but either way, it's the next thing I'm gonna do here so I intend for it to be out soon.

}}

Alright it seems that was a fat lie, my bad, but it is indeed the next thing I intend to post, got the full plan for both the first and second chapter. So, it'll take a little bit, bit I think once I've started it should pick up more.

*023*2024-10-18 19:59

I've started short-ish character introductions stories that should be out tomorrow. Then soon after, should have a proper chapter 1 out, with some more prominent desperation aspects. It's all planned out, actually so is chapter 2. However I've added these character introductions as a sort of prologue to help move into chapter 1. Also have to deal with a lot of irl stuff as well, so apologies if things take a little longer, but should be much more free the week after next. So things should pick up.

Ah, when I say tomorrow, I mean I'll definitely make the post tomorrow, but I wouldn't be surprised if it gets held back for approval.

*024*2024-10-19 22:53

$/106005-arduous-adventures-and-strenuous-situations/?do=embed&comment=2226607&embedComment=2226607&embedDo=findComment#comment-2226607"

Alright first entry up and running. Here ya go.

