Brenda and the Faculty Restroom (A Beverly Hills 90210 fanfic)

Author: Arnold

*000*2021-03-01 17:24

Brenda sat and made herself comfortable. Exhaling a deep breath, she relaxes and eases her control. It starts as a slow trickle but in due course the pretty brunette and high school senior is peeing a forceful stream. She relaxes and listens as her pee stream splashes noisily into the toilet water below. It feels good. It feels good certainly to be getting relief as her bladder had been unusually full at the time. But it also feels good to be doing so while sitting all the way down on the toilet seat. That’s something Brenda would never do in the girls’ rooms here at West Beverly High School.

As Brenda’s bladder continues to pee a forceful stream, she notes how nice it is to be here in a faculty bathroom while doing so. She particularly likes this one -- a single user type bathroom with a toilet and a sink all behind a full, lockable door and tucked away in the back of the school library for maximum privacy. And it’s most definitely immaculately clean as compared to even the nicest of her school’s student facilities. “This sure beats squatting in the girls’ room,” Brenda thinks to herself as today’s unusually long pee stream slows to a trickle, “This sure beats the noisy and always crowded girls’ room downstairs across from the school cafeteria.” Offhand, one would think that the girls’ rooms here at upscale West Beverly High would be quite nice but they weren’t that at all -- at least not as far as Brenda was concerned.

But taking her usual lunchtime pee was not the real reason that Brenda had decided to sneak all the way upstairs to the school library. Normally, that girls’ room in basement across from the cafeteria here at West Beverly is where Brenda goes -- typically with her friends Kelly and Donna -- to takes care of such business pretty much every day during lunchtime. But such is not the case today. As her pee stream dissipates, Brenda once again adjusts her position on the toilet seat -- shifting herself forward just a bit -- and gives it a gentle push.

When her bowels -- at first -- fail to respond to that, she then gives a more forceful push trying to get things started. That causes another quick spurt of pee to escape and splash into the toilet. This causes Brenda a bit of a surprise. The prissy senior beauty had not been blessed with a particularly large bladder -- her lunchtime bathroom trips had become a regular practice for her at school since her bladder is always quite full by that time -- and she’d already peed a longer stream than usual for her. She remembers, though, that she was quite thirsty and drank an unusually large quantity of water after gym class earlier that day.

More so than getting out that last bit of pee, though, that push, as intended, sets Brenda’s bowel movement in motion. It starts slowly at first but it’s most certainly a strong, healthy bowel movement that slowly makes it way out of her shapely behind. She sits there comfortably -- quite content in that more private bathroom there in the school library -- as the solid, well-formed “log” of fecal matter slowly but surely pushes itself out. Having to do this was, of course, the real reason that Brenda had snuck up here to use this very nice and quite private faculty bathroom. The dirty and hectic student bathroom downstairs by the cafeteria was fine -- well, not really fine but at least tolerable -- for her daily lunchtime pee, but this particular bathroom was obviously much more suitable for this particular bodily function. Once started, Brenda doesn’t need to push again. As more and more of it comes out, it’s progress is steady and it’s momentum coming out only gets stronger.

Eventually, Brenda feels it start to taper off and inevitably it drops and gently splashes into the toilet water below. Giving it another push just to make sure, Brenda feels that nothing else is forthcoming from her bowels. Her bowel movement is quite finished and Brenda breaths a sigh of relief at having gotten it out -- again especially enjoying the very clean and private surroundings of this faculty bathroom. Brenda is used to having quite healthy and impressive bowel movements -- especially for a girl who isn’t very big -- but this one is a little bigger than most. She considers it having been well worth the effort to sneak all the way upstairs to the library to do her business here. “The teachers have it way better than the students when it comes to bathrooms,” she thinks to herself, “Even here at West Beverly.”

Reaching for the toilet paper, Brenda then makes a thick wad and proceeds to wipe herself. She’s quite surprised with the quality of toilet paper here as well. It’s certainly much nicer than the crummy, one-ply stuff they get in the student girls’ rooms. For her second wipe, she takes a much smaller piece of toilet paper as there is clearly no need to wad it up as thick as she is used to doing in the girls’ room. In just three wipes Brenda has her backside clean. And with another quick wipe, Brenda dries herself as well. Pulling the handle, she then initiates a powerful flush that sends the whole agglomeration of pee, bowel movement and toilet paper swirling down the drain.

In due course, she pulls up her panties and jeans and steps over to the sink where she carefully washes her hands. “Man, even the soap dispensers work better in the faculty bathrooms,” she thinks to herself. Brenda is a bit of a prissy sort and washing up -- especially after going #2 -- is something she takes quite seriously. But she is disappointed in the hand dryers that they have here in the faculty bathroom. She notes the old fashioned paper towels they still have in the girls’ rooms dry your hands much faster.

It’s all good as Brenda unlocks the door and leaves the restroom feeling relaxed and quite relieved. It’s all good until she’s quickly greeted by Miss Rye. Miss Rye is filling in as the new Assistant Principal here at West Beverly High and she’s in charge of discipline.

What were you doing in there?” she then asks the pretty senior brunette. Brenda is startled by her presence. “Does she really want me to answer what I was doing in the bathroom?” Brenda thinks to herself. But Miss Rye asks her again, this time with a decided impatience in her voice. “Um…I was going to the bathroom,” Brenda then tells her, hoping that more details won’t be necessary. “And I suppose you didn’t notice the sign on the door?” Miss Rye asks her, “I suppose you’re going to tell me that you didn’t know that was a faculty restroom you were using?” In doing so, Miss Rye points to the “Faculty / Staff Only; No Students Allowed” sign on the restroom door. Obviously, Brenda knows better than to try to lie about it. She tries to just casually brush it off, but the new Assistant Principal isn’t having any of it.

“What is the meaning of this, young lady?” she then asks Brenda in a decidedly angry tone. Brenda, of course, has no choice but to admit that she knew that particular bathroom was off limits to students. The senior beauty then explains that it was her lunch period and she snuck up there from the school cafeteria to use the bathroom. “We have a lavatory right there across from the cafeteria,” Miss Rye reminds her, “It’s there for the precise reason so you girls can use it on your lunch period.” Brenda then has little choice but to confide in the Assistant Principal that she “had to do more than just pee” and that’s why she came upstairs to use this particular bathroom. She explains that she wanted more privacy to do that than the girls’ room down there -- crowded with other girls on their lunch period -- would provide.

Brenda’s explanation -- at first -- seems to strike a chord of sympathy with Miss Rye. “I see,” she says, nodding her head, “I guess I can understand why a girl might want a little more privacy when it comes to doing that.”

“But it’s still no excuse for using a faculty lavatory,” she then tells Brenda, in no uncertain terms, “There’s simply no excuse for that.” She explains that she perhaps could have excused it if Brenda had she snuck away from the cafeteria and instead used a different GIRLS’ room, but not for using a faculty one instead. “Maybe if you had used the GIRLS’ room up here on the second floor, I could have let it go,” she tells Brenda, “But I just can’t excuse a student using a faculty toilet instead.”

“Do you think you’re too good to use the student bathrooms or something?” she asks the girl. Brenda takes the question as rhetorical. “I’m sorry but there’s just no excuse of you using a faculty lavatory -- there just isn’t,” Miss Rye admonishes her, “There’s just no way I can let you get away with that.” Brenda, obviously, doesn’t like the sound of that.

She then takes Brenda directly to the detention room that adjoins the Assistant Principal’s office. She tells Brenda to “sit down and make yourself comfortable.” The pretty senior brunette doesn’t like the sound of that, either -- the implication being that she’s going to be here awhile. Miss Rye then takes several sheets of paper and writes something on the first page. Handing the packet to Brenda, Brenda sees what it says -- “I will not use a faculty lavatory again.”

“You’ll write that 500 times,” she then tells the pretty brunette, “And that’ll be due before you leave school today.” Brenda is stunned -- is she really going to have to do punishment writing? I mean, here she is -- an 18 year old high school senior -- and she’s being made to write sentences like a little schoolgirl. And 500 times, too boot? And all for just using the toilet?

Brenda immediately proceeds to argue the point. But Miss Rye remains firm. “Do you think you’re some kind of privileged character around here?” she asks Brenda rhetorically, “Do you think the rules don’t apply to you?”

“Or maybe you think you think you’re just special,” Miss Rye continues, “Maybe you’re just too good to use the regular bathrooms like your fellow students do?” Immediately, Brenda can tell she wasn’t going to win this argument. All she could hope for now was some kind of leniency. “I’m sorry, Ma’am,” she tells the Assistant Principal, in her most contrite tone, “Can’t you please just give me a break.”

“I promise I won’t do it again,” Brenda tells her.

“Well, if you do it again, it’s going to be 1,000 times,” Miss Rye angrily tells her, “And you can consider it a break that you’re not getting 1,000 times now!” Brenda still can’t believe that at 18 years old she’s going to have to write something 500 times. She argues some more -- still trying her hardest to be humble and contrite -- but there’s no mistaking the seriousness in Miss Rye’s voice. “Do you want to try for 1,000 times NOW?” she then angrily warns Brenda. Then -- staring down the very reluctant Brenda -- she tells the girl, “Well, the sooner you start, the sooner you get finished.”

“You’re not leaving this room until you’re done,” she tells the girl.

Brenda then reluctantly gets out a pen and starts writing. She still can’t believe she’s being made to do writing punishment like this but obviously it is so. And obviously, the sooner she gets to work, the sooner she gets finished. It’s just after noontime now and if Brenda really is going to have to finish 500 times before she can go home, she knows she’d better get to work. Obviously, she’s not going to be able to write all 500 times by 3:00 so she already knows she’s going to be here for quite a while after school.

Writing as fast as she can while still trying to maintain some sense of legibility, she writes the first 100 times quickly. She gets that done in well under an hour. But 500 times is a lot or writing to do. Getting to 200 times takes another hour as her hand starts to tire. And now -- SUDDENLY! -- Brenda becomes aware of her need to pee again. Ignoring the need at first, Brenda continues writing -- getting to the halfway point of 250 times by 3:00 PM. As school lets out for the day, she is joined by a few others in the detention room. She recognizes a few faces, but she’s relieved that none of her friends are among them -- I mean, what could possibly be more embarrassing than having her friends see her here in detention -- an 18 year old high school senior -- writing punishment sentences like a little girl

As others do file in, Miss Rye comes in as well to supervise detention. Raising her hand, Brenda asks her, “May I please go to the girls’ room?” Miss Rye then looks back at Brenda puzzled. “May I please go to the girls’ room?” she asks the Assistant Principal again. This time her request is flatly denied. “You’ve already been to the lavatory, young lady,” Miss Rye tells her, “That’s what you’re here in detention for, remember?” But Brenda insists that she has to go again. “Please, Ma’am -- that was like 3 hours ago,” Brenda pleads, “I have to go again.” But Miss Rye just shakes her head “no.”

“I already told you you‘re not leaving until you finish your punishment,” she tells the girl, “You can go to the girl’s room when you‘ve finished your 500 times.”.

Brenda wants to plead her case further but she quickly thinks better of it. There’s no mistaking the seriousness in the tone in the Assistant Principal’s voice and the last thing she needs now is to have her punishment increased to 1,000 times She’s only half way done now and she’s not sure she can wait until she’s done to go to the girls’ room, but -- at least for now -- she knows she has to try. Getting back to work, Brenda tries to pick up the pace and write faster, but that becomes increasingly difficult as her hand only continues -- worse and worse -- to feel the effects of writer’s cramp. And now -- as she reaches 300 lines in her punishment writing -- her bladder starts to feel it worse and worse as well. She obviously wants to write faster as it’s her ticket to get to the girls’ room faster, but, as more and more effort is needed to keep control of bladder, the writing only goes slower.

Brenda makes it to 4:00 PM when the other students are all dismissed from detention. But by now, she’s squirming in her seat and twisting her legs together to hold it in. And though the writing trudges slowly on, she’s not yet at 400 much less 500 lines. For a moment, Brenda hopes that she’ll be dismissed with the rest of them -- perhaps a reprieve on her punishment writing entirely or at least being allowed to finish her punishment for homework. Obviously, she’d prefer the former but even the latter -- which would at least let her get to the girls’ room right away -- would be quite welcome indeed. But Miss Rye just sits there grading papers while Brenda simply has to grin and bear it and write on.

But Brenda can barely even write as her bladder is now beyond full and all but bursting for relief. She doesn’t remember ever having to pee this bad before and it’s taking all her effort just to hold it in. She then feels a quick squirt of pee escape and dampen the crotch of her panties. She raises her hand again and gets the Assistant Principal’s attention.

“Please, Miss Rye -- I really have to go,” Brenda pleads, “Please Miss Rye -- I really need to go to the girls’ room now.” But Miss Rye just gives her a decidedly unpleasant look. She shakes her head “no” and tells Brenda that she simply has to wait until she finishes her punishment. “But I can’t wait, Ma’am -- I have to go now,” a very desperate Brenda pleads some more. “I just can’t wait much longer -- I just can’t,” she pleads further, “If I don’t go now, I really think I’m going to have an accident.” That, not surprisingly, gets the attention of the Assistant Principal. But it still doesn’t get Brenda any sympathy. “Well, you better not, young lady,” Miss Rye angrily tells Brenda, “You better not have an accident if you know what‘s good for you!”

Brenda tries going back to the writing -- again, knowing that finishing it is her only sure ticket to the girls’ room. But she quickly realizes that that’s all but impossible as she struggles to hold on to control of her bladder. As more squirts of pee escape and Brenda’s panties become wetter and wetter each time, she begins to realize that she’s simply not going to make it. And as she suddenly starts to feel a bit of the wetness on her thighs -- again, as more and more squirts of pee escape beyond her control -- she realizes that it’s simply no use. For a moment, she contemplates simply running from the classroom and going to the girls’ room anyway. But before she can gather up the courage to actually do that it’s suddenly too late.

Suddenly, like a wave overtaking her, Brenda’s will to hold it in is lost. Suddenly squirt turns to trickle. And then trickle turns to stream. And finally, the stream turns steady and starts running down her legs. To her utter horror, Brenda is suddenly uncontrollably peeing her pants right there in detention. Brenda’s pee just flows and flows and at this point there really isn’t much she can do to stop it. About all the poor girl can do is close her eyes and simply let it happen. And at this point -- as more and more simply gushes out and soaks her jeans -- there really isn’t much point in even trying to stop it. But as embarrassed as she most certainly feels, Brenda can’t deny that the sensation of relief she’s feeling, is quite good indeed. She simply sits, eyes closed, as her engorged bladder simply drains -- not caring one bit that Brenda isn’t on a toilet while it does so.

Miss Rye can do nothing more than simply stare in astonishment as Brenda just sits there shamefully peeing in her pants. Soon, the trail of wetness going down both of her legs reaches her socks. But unfortunately for Brenda it doesn’t even end there. Brenda just keeps peeing and it soon soaks even her socks and then spills over her shoes and onto the floor. As the flow finally begins to slow and become more manageable, Brenda doesn’t even bother with trying to clamp it down and regain control. “I mean, what’s really the point of holding anything in now,” she thinks to herself. By the time she’s finally finished -- by the time that Brenda’s bladder is fully drained -- she’s not only completely soaked from the waist down but there’s even a puddle on the floor.

Opening her eyes, Brenda looks over and sees the cold eyes of Miss Rye staring at her in shock. “I told you I had to go,” she then tells the Assistant Principal, suddenly breaking down into tears. Not at all sure what to do next, Brenda just sits there crying in her soaked jeans. Finally, Miss Rye breaks the silence.

“Well, go to the girls’ room and get some paper towels to clean it up,” she then angrily tells Brenda. Brenda has so much she wants to say now but she’s too embarrassed to actually form the words. Getting up, she can feel the sogginess of her pants. Heading for the door, she looks down and sees that her jeans are literally glistening with wetness.

“Get enough for your chair, too,” Miss Rye tells her as she heads out into the hallway. Mortified, Brenda is worried that someone will see her wet pants, but fortunately -- at this late hour -- the hallways of West Beverly High are deserted. The irony of finally getting to the girls’ room now to get the paper towels -- obviously too late to actually use the toilet -- is not lost on her. “If only she’d have just let me go when I needed to,” Brenda thinks to herself. Walking back to the detention room with a big stack of paper towels, Brenda could already feel her jeans becoming cold and uncomfortable.

Once back in the classroom, Brenda starts dropping the bulk of the paper towels into the pee puddle on the floor. She then places a bunch on the seat of her chair. The chair isn’t too bad -- there isn’t a puddle like on the floor -- but it is indeed wet. She uses those towels to dry the chair and then goes to work sopping up her pee puddle on the floor. That takes considerably more effort with Brenda down on her hands and her knees. She feels disgusted handling the pee soaked paper towels but she does gets the job done. Miss Rye watches over her the whole time. “I can’t believe you’d do something like that,” she says, shaking her head at Brenda.

“I told you I had to go -- I told you I had an emergency,” Brenda yells back at her. “And I told you to hold it in and wait,” Miss Rye then yells back at Brenda. Brenda brings the garbage can over to where she’s working to minimize her handling of pee-soaked paper towels. She begins to wonder if she‘s going to get punished worse for wetting her pants or even for yelling at Miss Rye like she did. But instead Miss Rye has at least a little sympathy for her. “Well, I guess you can finish the rest of your punishment for homework,” she then tells her as Brenda finishes cleaning her pee puddle from the floor. “I trust that you’ve learned your lesson?” she asks the girl. Again, Brenda has so much that she wants to say, but just staring back at Mrs. Briggs, she wisely holds her tongue. “Yes, Ma’am,” is all that she says.

Gathering up her books at her locker, Brenda wraps her jacket around her waist for the walk home. It does kind of hide the worst of her wetting accident -- that is, her still quite soaked crotch area -- but it’s still quite obvious what she’d done. Brenda then heads home hoping against hope that no one will see her and see her very wet pants. There would really be no other way to explain that except as to admit what really happened. She could rationalize it just fine that it wasn’t her fault and that it only happened because Miss Rye wouldn’t let her go to the girls’ room, but it was still her -- a grownup girl of 18 and a high school senior -- who had wet her pants.

“What if Dylan sees me like this,“ Brenda thinks to herself -- the reference being to her boyfriend, “I mean, who would still be attracted to a girl who peed in her pants.” What if Kelly or Donna or even Andrea see me,” she also thinks to herself, “They’d never let me hear the end of it and they’d surely let everyone know what I did.” She wants to kick herself for not just getting up and going -- even without permission from the teacher -- but still she wonders if she’d have gotten into more trouble for doing that.

Somehow -- miraculously -- she makes it home without anyone finding out. And she immediately, of course, showers and changes into dry clothes. Later, she finishes the rest of her punishment -- a lot more comfortably now with an empty bladder. She hands in her punishment to Miss Rye in her office the next morning. And looking the punishment over to make it was a complete 500 times, Miss Rye assures her that as long as she stays out of faculty lavatories in the future, there is no need to speak of this matter again.

*003*2021-03-09 03:36

Thanks for the nice comments. I'm more familiar with older TV shows (going all the way back to the 70s) than more recent or current ones. As to taking request, I'll see what I can do -- sometimes stories come to me and sometimes they just don't.

