Gone in a Splash

Author: alleycat89

*000*2026-02-25 17:09

Lauren first noticed something impossible during a miserable rainy afternoon in her senior year of college. She had chugged way too much coffee while cramming for finals in the library, then raced across campus in a downpour to make her last exam. By the time she reached the building her bladder felt ready to burst. The line for the women's restroom stretched halfway down the hall. She crossed her legs tightly, biting her lip, praying she could hold it just a few more minutes.

A sudden sharp cramp made her gasp. She ducked into an empty lecture hall to hide and maybe find some desperate relief. No one was around.

She squatted low, trembling, grabbing her pussy in a last ditch effort to maintain her dignity.. A small hot spurt escaped before she could stop it, hissing audibly. She clenched hard but tiny trickles kept leaking out in uncontrollable bursts. Her whole body tingled strangely, like static electricity crawling over her skin from her desperate, bloated belly outward. She pulled down her jeans and panties and continued to squat.

When she looked down in terror her bare legs had vanished. Her hands, still pressed between her invisible thighs, were gone too. She was completely unseen, naked body and all. But her clothes remained perfectly visible, jeans crumpled around her legs, panties in her jeans, hoodie sagging. The small puddle spreading from beneath her invisible feet glistened plainly in the fluorescent light.

Heart hammering, she snatched up her jeans and yanked them back on. As the fabric covered her unseen skin the tingling faded slightly, but she stayed invisible as long as the urgent pressure remained. She finished peeing on the floor and noticed her skin and body came back fully visible again. She tested it carefully over the next weeks in private. Holding longer made the invisibility deeper and more total. Small leaks kept her hidden. Clothing never vanished with her; to disappear she always had to strip naked first. Any remaining garments floated absurdly in midair or lay plainly visible on the ground.

A full release of her bladder ended it instantly. The moment the last drop left her she snapped back into full visibility, naked wherever she happened to be.

She told no one at first. Not even Roger, her boyfriend of two years. But the power felt too dangerous and too tempting to ignore forever.

Lauren kept the secret for months, testing her limits alone in abandoned buildings, dark parks at night, even once in a crowded mall bathroom stall where she stripped, held it until the tingling started, then slipped out unseen past lines of waiting women. The rush was addictive. But the power demanded bigger risks, and she hated keeping it from Roger.

One humid summer evening they sat on their tiny apartment balcony, sharing cheap beer. Lauren’s leg bounced nervously. She had been holding since lunch, the familiar ache building low in her belly. “Roger,” she said quietly. “I need to tell you something weird. Something impossible.”

He raised an eyebrow, setting his bottle down. “Hit me.”

She explained everything. The coffee-fueled desperation in college. The first accidental leak in the lecture hall. How stripping naked triggered the invisibility only when she was truly bursting. How A full wetting brought her back visible in an instant, naked and exposed wherever she stood. She demonstrated by chugging the rest of her beer, waiting until her thighs trembled, then peeling off her tank top, shorts, and underwear right there on the balcony. The city lights glittered below as she squirmed, crossing her legs.

Roger watched, stunned, as her body shimmered and vanished from the waist down, then completely. Only her pile of clothes remained, draped over the chair railing. “Woah!,” he whispered. He reached out, his hand passing through empty air where her hip should be, then finding warm, trembling skin. “You’re really gone.”

Lauren’s invisible voice came shaky. “Only while I’m desperate. If I let go completely… poof. Back to naked me in full view.”

Roger’s mind raced. He paced the balcony, ideas tumbling out. “This is insane. Think about it. We could walk into any store after hours, take what we want, no cameras catch us. High-end jewelry. Cash from registers. Museums. We strip you down, wait for the pressure to hit peak invisibility, you slip in, grab the goods, slip out. I wait outside as lookout. No fingerprints, no footage, nothing.”

He grinned, eyes bright. “Or bigger. Banks after closing. Private estates. We plan it right, we’re set for life. No more scraping by.”

Lauren reappeared slowly as she pulled her clothes back on, cheeks flushed. “You’re serious. You want to use this to steal.”

Roger stepped close, voice low. “I want us to never worry about money again. This isn’t just a party trick, babe. It’s a superpower. And it’s ours.”

She bit her lip, the familiar thrill mixing with a new kind of fear. “What if we get caught?”

“We won’t,” he said. “Not if we’re smart.”

Lauren stared at Roger for a long moment, the city noise humming below them. Her heart still raced from the demonstration, from the way his eyes lit up with possibility. Stealing sounded insane. Romantic in a twisted way, maybe, but insane. Yet the idea of never scraping by again, of breaking free from their cramped apartment and endless bills, tugged at her.

She shifted on the balcony chair, the ache in her bladder reminding her how vulnerable the power really was. “Okay,” she said finally. “But not a bank. Not jewelry. Not yet. We start small. Something low risk. If it goes wrong, we walk away with nothing lost but time.”

Roger nodded eagerly, already thinking. “A test run. Something easy to scout, easy to grab, easy to explain if crap hits the fan.”

They spent the next hour brainstorming over more beer. Lauren insisted on rules: no violence, no hurting anyone, nothing that could get them serious prison time if caught. Roger agreed, though she could see the wheels turning for bigger scores later.

They settled on a plan. A high-end boutique in the trendy part of town closed at nine on weeknights. The owner sometimes left cash in an old safe in the back room instead of making late-night deposits. Roger had overheard a bartender friend complain about it once. Small safe, maybe a few thousand at most. No alarm on the interior door if you knew where the override was. Perfect first target.

The next evening they drove past the shop twice to confirm hours and street cameras. Lauren felt the familiar mix of nerves and excitement building. She drank steadily through the day: water, iced tea, another coffee. By dusk her bladder was full, pressing insistently. Not bursting yet, but close enough that the tingling would come soon if she stripped and held.

They parked two blocks away. Roger carried a dark backpack with gloves, a small flashlight, lock picks he had practiced with for months. Lauren wore loose clothes she could shed quickly.

In the alley behind the boutique, shadows thick, Lauren took a deep breath. “Here goes nothing.”

She slipped behind a dumpster, peeled off her jacket, shirt, bra, jeans, and panties, folding them neatly into Roger’s bag. Naked in the cool night air, she squatted slightly, legs trembling as she fought the urge to release. The pressure mounted.

Lauren slipped from the alley on silent bare feet. Invisible and naked she eased open the boutiques unlocked rear service door just before closing time. A soft chime sounded but no one noticed. She padded through the stockroom heart hammering and tucked herself into a shadowed corner behind tall racks of designer coats. There she crouched low knees pressed together arms hugging her bloated belly.

Thirty minutes. She had to wait thirty full minutes until the last customers left and the owner locked up for the night. The pressure inside her was already ferocious. Her bladder felt like a rock hard balloon stretched to its absolute limit heavy and burning low in her pelvis. Every tiny shift sent sharp spasms rippling through the swollen bladder making the walls contract painfully. Hot urine sloshed against her urethra the tight ring of muscle fluttering wildly as if it might give way any second.

Between her naked thighs her pussy throbbed visibly swollen. Her smooth labia were slick and puffy from the constant near leaks that kept her hidden. She bit her lip hard fighting the overwhelming need to simply let go and flood the floor. Her urethra burned with a deep stinging ache the pee inside her pushing relentlessly against the exhausted sphincter.

Sweat beaded on her invisible forehead. Her legs shook. She rocked subtly hips grinding as a spurt hissed out between her clenched labia pattering softly onto the carpet below. Only thirty minutes. She could hold. She had to.

Lauren remained crouched in the shadowed corner, every muscle locked in desperate battle. Her bladder throbbed with relentless heat, swollen so tight it felt ready to tear. The heavy weight pressed downward constantly, forcing sharp pulses through her urethra. Another involuntary spurt escaped, longer this time, hissing softly between her slick, swollen labia before she clamped down again. Warm urine trickled along her inner thighs, pooling beneath her invisible feet in a growing, glistening circle on the carpet. The tiny leaks kept the tingling alive, her entire naked body staying unseen.

Minutes dragged. Then the front door chime rang. Footsteps. The shop owner, a middle-aged woman in a neat blazer, had returned for something forgotten. Lauren froze. The owner paused near the coat racks, frowning at the floor. “What the…?” she muttered, staring straight at the small wet puddle spreading slowly across the carpet. No visible source. Just a mysterious dark spot in an otherwise spotless store.

The owner sighed, shaking her head. “Probably a leaky pipe again.” She turned and walked toward the stockroom, disappearing through the doorway in search of paper towels or a mop.

Lauren seized the moment. Heart slamming against her ribs, she rose carefully on trembling legs. Each step sent fresh agony through her bladder, the full organ sloshing violently inside her. Her pussy clenched hard around the burning pressure in her urethra, labia quivering with the effort to hold back the flood. Another hot leak dribbled out, pattering faintly behind her as she moved.

She crept deeper into the store, past display cases of silk scarves and leather bags, to a narrow gap between two tall shelving units near the front counter. There she sank down again, knees drawn up tight to her chest, arms wrapped around her middle. The new position squeezed her bladder even harder, making her whimper silently. Sweat rolled down her invisible back. The puddle she had left behind would soon be discovered and cleaned, but now she was closer to the safe in the back office. Closer to the goal.

She just had to survive another fifteen minutes or so until full closing.

The shop owner returned quickly with a roll of paper towels and a small spray bottle of cleaner. She knelt beside the mysterious puddle, frowning as she dabbed at the damp carpet. “Weird. No leaks up there,” she muttered, wiping until the spot was mostly gone, then stood and surveyed the store one last time. Satisfied, she flicked off the main lights, locked the front door from inside, set the alarm with a quiet beep, and exited through the rear, locking that too. The boutique fell silent except for the faint hum of the air conditioning.

Lauren stayed frozen in her new hiding spot between the shelves, naked body trembling violently. The thirty-minute wait had stretched her bladder to an excruciating breaking point. It bulged low and hard in her pelvis like an overinflated water balloon, every breath sending searing cramps through the stretched walls. Her urethra burned with constant fiery pressure, the tight muscle spasming in frantic little flutters as it fought the endless tide. Between her thighs her pussy felt swollen and hypersensitive, labia slick and parted slightly from the repeated tiny leaks that kept her invisible. Each involuntary spurt came hotter and longer now, warm urine dribbling steadily down her inner thighs in thin rivulets, pooling invisibly beneath her curled toes. Her clit throbbed with every near-miss release, nerves raw and electric.

She waited five more agonizing minutes to be sure the owner was gone, then crept toward the back office on shaky legs. The safe sat squat and gray in the corner behind the desk. Roger had described it: simple combination lock, nothing electronic. Lauren knelt naked before it, fingers trembling as she spun the dial. Left to 14. Right past 37 twice to 8. Left to 22.

Nothing. The handle refused to budge.

Sweat poured down her invisible face. Another desperate leak hissed out between her clenched labia, longer this time, splashing audibly on the tile. She bit back a whimper. Tried again. 14. 37. 8. 22. Still locked.

Panic rose. Her bladder contracted violently, forcing a thicker stream to escape before she could stop it. The puddle grew beneath her knees. She rocked forward, pressing her palm hard against her urethra, but the pressure only mounted.

The combination Roger had overheard might be wrong. Or she had the sequence backward. Her mind raced, vision blurring from the strain. She had to get this right soon, or she would lose control completely and reappear naked in the middle of the crime scene.

Lauren spun the dial again, forcing her shaking fingers to steady. Left to 14. Right past 37 twice. Left to 8. Right to 22. A soft click. The handle turned.

The safe door swung open. Inside lay neat stacks of cash, deposit envelopes, a small jewelry tray. Relief flooded her mind even as her body screamed. She reached in, invisible hands scooping bills into the small drawstring bag Roger had packed, stuffing it full until it bulged.

But the effort broke her. As she shoved the last envelope inside, her bladder spasmed violently. A forceful stream erupted without warning, hot urine jetting powerfully from her urethra in a thick, hissing arc. It splashed loudly against the tile between her spread knees, soaking her labia and inner thighs in seconds. She gasped, trying to clamp down, but the dam had cracked. The stream kept coming, strong and unrelenting, puddling rapidly beneath her as her pussy quivered with the sudden release.

She stayed invisible only because the flow was not yet complete. Tiny trickles still leaked even as the main flood tapered. Heart pounding, she snatched the bag, slammed the safe shut, and bolted for the back door.

Outside, the cool night air hit her naked skin like a shock. She sprinted down the dimly lit sidewalk, bare feet slapping wet pavement, the heavy bag bouncing against her hip. Each stride jolted her bladder, forcing more urine to spurt out in forceful bursts. Warm streams ran down her legs, trailing behind her in glistening streaks. Her labia parted with every step, pussy lips slick and swollen, clit throbbing as uncontrollable leaks hissed between them.

Halfway down the block her control shattered completely. The last of her bladder emptied in a long, unstoppable gush, urine pouring freely down her thighs and calves, pattering onto the concrete in a steady rain. The tingling vanished instantly. Her body snapped back into visibility: naked, drenched, flushed, and fully exposed under the streetlights.

She stumbled the final twenty feet to where Roger waited in the idling car. Yanking the passenger door open she dove inside, slamming it shut as the last drops trickled from her soaked pussy onto the seat.

Roger stared, wide-eyed. “Goodness, Lauren. You okay?”

She curled into the seat, trembling, wet bag clutched to her chest, urine pooling beneath her bare ass. “Drive. Just drive.”

Roger drove in tense silence for the first few blocks, eyes flicking between the road and Lauren huddled naked and dripping in the passenger seat. The sharp scent of urine filled the car, warm and unmistakable. She clutched the bulging drawstring bag to her chest like a shield, legs pressed tightly together even though the damage was done. Wet streaks still glistened on her thighs and calves, small puddles forming on the seat beneath her bare ass.

They made it back to their apartment without incident. Roger parked in the underground garage and killed the engine. Lauren didn’t move at first, breathing shallow. Then she whispered, “We did it.”

Inside their cramped living room, Roger locked the door twice. Lauren dropped the bag on the coffee table and finally let herself collapse onto the couch, not caring about the wet spot she left behind. Roger knelt and opened the bag. Crisp bills spilled out in neat stacks. He counted quickly, eyes widening. “Almost four grand. Lauren, four thousand dollars. In one night.”

She stared at the money, then at her own trembling hands. The adrenaline crash hit hard, leaving her shaky and flushed. “It worked. I got in, I got out. No one saw me. The safe opened. We’re… we’re actually doing this.”

Roger sat beside her, careful not to touch the wet cushion. He brushed damp hair from her forehead. “You were incredible. Invisible, naked, desperate as all get out, and you still pulled it off. We could do this again. Bigger. Smarter.”

Lauren swallowed. The memory of the forceful stream jetting out of her, the humiliating sprint down the sidewalk fully exposed, still burned in her mind. But the cash on the table felt real. Solid. Freedom.

She met his gaze. “Not right away. We need to plan better. Scout longer. Find a place with more cash, less chance of surprises. But yeah. Another location. Soon.”

Roger grinned, already pulling out his phone to search for potential targets. “There’s that upscale wine shop downtown. We could hit it next Friday. You drink a ton beforehand, get desperate early, slip in before close again.”

Lauren nodded slowly, a small, reckless smile tugging at her lips despite the lingering ache in her empty bladder. “Okay. But this time, we make sure the combination is right first.”

They spent the rest of the night counting the money twice, hiding it in a hollowed-out book on the shelf, and sketching rough floor plans on scrap paper. The rush lingered between them, electric and dangerous.

They spent the next week preparing with careful, almost obsessive detail. Roger took the lead on reconnaissance, visiting the upscale wine shop downtown every evening after his shift at the warehouse. He posed as a casual browser, lingering over the racks of Bordeaux and Pinot Noir while mentally mapping the layout: the long tasting counter near the front, the narrow hallway to the back office, the floor safe tucked behind a low cabinet. He noted the manager’s routine. It was always the same woman in her late forties, always closing alone. She counted the till at the register, then carried the cash envelope to the safe, spinning the dial with practiced flicks. One afternoon he lingered long enough to catch the combination clearly through the half-open office door: 32 left, 17 right, 45 left, 9 right. He wrote it down three times in different pockets just to be sure.

Lauren focused on conditioning her body. She increased her fluid intake gradually each day starting with extra glasses of water at breakfast, adding iced tea at lunch, then coffee in the late afternoon. She practiced holding in private, timing how long she could stay at peak desperation without a full release. In their apartment bathroom she would strip naked, drink steadily, and wait until the tingling began. She learned to recognize the exact moment her bladder reached the threshold: the heavy, burning fullness low in her pelvis, the sharp cramps that radiated outward, the way her urethra would start fluttering with tiny, involuntary leaks. Those leaks were what kept her invisible. She timed them, learning to let just enough escape to maintain the effect without losing control entirely.

By Thursday she could hold for nearly two hours at the edge, naked and trembling in their living room while Roger watched in quiet awe. Her pussy would swell and throb, labia slick and parted slightly from the constant moisture, clit twitching with every near-miss. She practiced moving while desperate training her body to stay composed under the strain.

Friday arrived clear and cool. They left the apartment at seven, Lauren already sipping from a large water bottle in the passenger seat. By the time they reached the block, she had finished the bottle and started on a second. Her bladder felt noticeably full, a steady dull ache building as they circled once to confirm the shop’s lights were still on.

They parked a block away in a quiet side street, engine off, windows cracked. Roger handed her the drawstring bag. Lauren took slow, deliberate breaths, feeling the pressure mount with every swallow. She glanced at the dashboard clock: 8:42 p.m. Eighteen minutes until close.

They stepped out into the evening air and walked casually to the shadowed doorway of the closed boutique next door, just out of sight of the wine shop’s front windows. Lauren checked the street, it was empty. She slipped behind the dumpster, heart already quickening.

She peeled off her hoodie, t-shirt, bra, leggings, and panties one piece at a time, handing each to Roger. Naked now, skin prickling in the cool air, she squatted low against the brick wall. The pressure in her bladder surged immediately from the change in position. She crossed her arms over her middle, rocking slightly as the first tiny warm leak escaped her urethra, trickling down her inner thigh.

The tingling spread fast, crawling over her skin from her swollen belly outward.

She looked down. Her body shimmered, then vanished completely.

Roger crouched beside her invisible form, voice low. “You good?”

Her voice came soft and shaky from empty air. “Yeah. Bursting, but good.”

He gave her shoulder a gentle squeeze.

They waited in silence, the shop’s warm lights glowing across the street.

Lauren stayed crouched behind the dumpster, invisible and trembling, thighs pressed so tightly together that her knees shook. The pressure in her bladder had built to a ferocious peak during the short walk from the car. The swollen organ felt like a burning stone low in her pelvis, heavy and unyielding, every tiny shift sending sharp cramps rippling through the stretched walls. Her urethra throbbed with constant fiery urgency, the tight sphincter fluttering in desperate spasms as warm spurts kept leaking out in short, uncontrollable bursts. Each droplet hissed softly between her slick, puffy labia, trickling down her inner thighs in thin rivulets and pooling invisibly beneath her curled toes.

Roger had already slipped back to the car a block away, engine idling low, ready to pull up the moment she emerged with the bag. He would watch from there, phone in hand for any sign of trouble.

Lauren took a slow breath, then moved. Bare feet silent on the pavement, she crept to the employee door Roger had propped open earlier with a small wedge of cardboard. She eased it wider just enough to slip inside, the cool metal brushing her naked hip as she entered the narrow stock hallway. The door clicked softly shut behind her.

The shop smelled richly of oak and dark fruit. Soft jazz drifted from hidden speakers. Voices murmured at the front. Lauren pressed herself against the wall near a stack of crates, heart hammering. She needed to wait until closing, until the manager headed to the safe.

But the lights stayed bright. Laughter carried louder now, more glasses poured. She edged closer to the hallway’s end, peering around the corner into the main floor. The tasting bar was crowded with ten, maybe twelve people lingering over pours of the night’s special. A chalkboard sign near the register caught her eye: “Friday Night Special – Extended Tasting until 10 p.m.!”

Her invisible stomach dropped. An extra hour. She had assumed close at nine like every other Friday Roger had scouted. But tonight they were running late.

Panic surged. Her bladder spasmed in response, forcing a thicker spurt to jet from her urethra before she could stop it. Hot urine splashed audibly against the tile between her feet, soaking her labia and running in warm streams down her calves. She clamped down hard, whimpering silently, but the leak continued in pulsing dribbles, widening the puddle beneath her.

She was already inside. Trapped. Still invisible but the extra hour stretched ahead like torture. Her legs trembled violently. Another cramp doubled her over, arms wrapping tight around her middle as fresh trickles hissed free.

She had no choice but to hide deeper in the back and wait it out. The safe wasn’t going anywhere. But her control might not last another sixty minutes.

Lauren pressed deeper into the narrow hallway behind the tasting area, invisible body trembling as she searched for a better hiding spot. The stockroom door stood slightly ajar a few feet away. She slipped inside on silent bare feet and eased the door almost closed behind her leaving only a thin crack for air and sound. Crates of bottles lined the walls dim overhead bulb casting long shadows. She crouched low between two tall stacks knees drawn tight to her swollen belly arms wrapped around her middle.

Her bladder felt enormous now a burning heavy mass that seemed to pulse with its own heartbeat. Every shallow breath made the stretched walls contract sending sharp stabbing cramps through her lower pelvis. Her urethra burned with relentless fiery pressure the exhausted sphincter quivering in frantic little flutters as it fought the endless tide pushing against it. Between her slick swollen labia tiny warm spurts kept escaping in short uncontrollable bursts hissing softly against her inner thighs before trickling down in thin rivulets to her curled toes. Each leak brought a fleeting tingle of relief followed by fresh urgent waves that made her pussy clench harder her clit twitching with raw oversensitive pulses.

She rocked subtly trying to find any position that eased the strain. Another longer spurt jetted free pattering audibly onto the concrete floor. The puddle beneath her grew slowly warm and spreading glistening under the faint light. She bit her lip hard fighting the whimper rising in her throat. The leaks were coming faster now each one thicker and harder to stop.

Out in the main shop a young server wiping down the tasting bar paused mid motion. She frowned staring at the floor near the hallway entrance. A small dark puddle had appeared on the hardwood no visible spill no dripping bottle no customer nearby. It grew slowly spreading in a thin sheen as if fed by an invisible source. The server tilted her head then called softly toward the bar. Hey Mara come look at this. There's a puddle over here but I don't see where its coming from.

The manager glanced over wiping her hands on a towel. Probably condensation from the cooler again. Ill grab the mop in a minute. Keep an eye on it though.

Lauren froze in the stockroom heart slamming against her ribs. They had noticed. If the puddle kept growing someone would trace it back here. Another desperate cramp seized her forcing a forceful stream to burst from her urethra before she could clamp down. Hot urine jetted in a hissing arc splashing loudly against the concrete widening the puddle even more. She pressed both hands hard between her legs palm grinding against her slick labia but the leak pulsed on in thick dribbles soaking her fingers and running down her wrists.

She had to move. Now. Before they came looking.

Lauren crouched deeper between the crates in the stockroom, invisible hands clamped desperately between her slick thighs. The puddle beneath her had grown into a wide, glistening pool, warm urine still trickling steadily from her exhausted urethra in thin pulsing streams. Her bladder throbbed with unbearable heat, the swollen walls contracting in violent spasms that radiated sharp pain through her entire pelvis. Every breath felt like it might split her open. Her labia quivered, parted and hypersensitive, each tiny leak sending electric jolts up her spine and making her clit twitch uncontrollably.

She tried to stand, to move to a drier corner, but the motion proved fatal. As she rose on trembling legs the full weight of her bladder shifted downward. A ferocious cramp seized her core. Before she could even gasp her sphincter gave way completely.

A thick forceful jet erupted from her urethra hissing loudly as hot urine poured out in an unstoppable torrent. The stream jetted between her swollen labia in powerful surges splashing against the concrete floor with wet slapping sounds. She doubled over hands pressing futilely against her pussy but the flood kept coming wave after wave cascading down her inner thighs soaking her calves and pooling rapidly around her bare feet. The release was so intense her knees buckled forcing her to sink back down into the spreading lake of her own urine.

The tingling vanished in an instant. Her naked body snapped back into full visibility flushed red skin glistening with sweat and urine every curve and tremble exposed under the dim stockroom bulb. She knelt there drenched and shaking wide eyed in terror as the last heavy spurts dribbled from her now empty bladder pattering into the massive puddle beneath her.

Voices from the tasting area carried closer. Footsteps approached the hallway. The server who had noticed the earlier puddle called out again. Mara its getting bigger there's water coming from under the stockroom door now.

Lauren scrambled backward on her hands and knees urine sloshing around her palms and knees. She bumped into a crate bottles clinking loudly. No time to hide. No time to run. The door swung open.

The manager stood frozen in the doorway mop in hand staring at the naked drenched woman kneeling in a huge puddle of pee in the middle of her stockroom floor.

The manager stood frozen in the doorway, mop dangling from her hand, eyes wide as she took in the scene: a naked woman kneeling in a massive puddle of urine, skin flushed and glistening, hair disheveled, hands still pressed between her trembling thighs as the last weak dribbles pattered onto the concrete. The sharp scent of pee filled the small stockroom.

For a heartbeat no one moved.

Then the manager dropped the mop with a clatter and stepped back. “What on earth? Who are you? Security!”

Lauren scrambled backward on her palms and knees urine sloshing around her wrists and shins. “Wait please I can explain”

But the words came out choked and small. The server appeared behind the manager phone already in hand. “Oh my goodness call the police shes naked there's pee everywhere”

The manager yanked a radio from her belt. “This is Mara at Vintage Cellar. We have an intruder in the stockroom. Female naked possibly armed or intoxicated. Send someone now.”

Lauren lunged for the drawstring bag she had dropped near the crates hoping to grab it and bolt but her foot slipped in the puddle. She went down hard splashing more urine across her chest and belly. The bag skidded out of reach clinking against a wine crate.

The manager blocked the doorway arms spread wide. “Don't move. Police are on their way. Stay right there.”

Lauren curled into a ball knees to chest trying to cover herself as best she could. Tears burned her eyes. The reality crashed in: caught naked drenched in her own pee in the middle of a crime scene with thousands in stolen cash scattered nearby. No invisibility left. No escape.

Sirens wailed in the distance growing louder fast. Customers at the tasting bar murmured in confusion peeking toward the back. The server kept her phone trained on Lauren recording everything.

Minutes later two uniformed officers burst through the employee door guns drawn. “Hands where we can see them! On the ground now!”

Lauren complied slowly raising shaking arms. Cold tile pressed against her bare breasts and belly mixing with the warm urine still pooling around her. One officer cuffed her wrists behind her back metal clicking shut while the other scanned the room noting the open safe the spilled envelopes the wet footprints leading from the puddle to the crates.

“You're under arrest for burglary trespassing and indecent exposure” the first officer said flatly as he helped her to her feet. “Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.”

They draped a scratchy emergency blanket over her shoulders but it did little to hide her nudity or the urine streaking her legs. As they led her out through the tasting area past staring customers and flashing phones Lauren kept her head down cheeks burning with humiliation.

Roger was still waiting in the car a block away oblivious for now. But the night had ended in the worst possible way.

Roger sat rigid in the driver’s seat one block away engine idling low eyes fixed on the wine shop entrance. The Friday night special lights still glowed warm but something felt off. Then two patrol cars screeched around the corner red and blue lights flashing silent but urgent. They pulled up directly in front of Vintage Cellar officers jumping out with hands on holsters.

Roger’s stomach dropped. He killed the engine and ducked lower behind the wheel heart slamming. Through the windshield he watched the officers rush inside. Minutes stretched into eternity. Customers spilled out onto the sidewalk murmuring and pointing phones. Then the doors opened again.

Two officers emerged escorting a figure wrapped in a scratchy gray blanket. Even from this distance Roger recognized her posture the way she hunched shoulders forward head down. Lauren. Naked beneath the blanket wrists cuffed behind her back urine still streaking her bare legs visible even in the dim streetlight. They guided her firmly toward the nearest squad car one officer opening the rear door while the other kept a hand on her elbow.

Roger gripped the steering wheel knuckles white. He couldn’t drive off not yet. Not while she was right there.

Inside the squad car Lauren sat on the hard plastic seat blanket slipping slightly as the door slammed shut. The officers climbed in front one radioing dispatch the other glancing back at her through the partition. “Sit tight ma’am. We’ll get you processed at the station.”

The car pulled away smoothly lights still flashing. Lauren stared at the floor shame burning through her. The blanket scratched against her skin but it was the lingering dampness between her thighs that worried her more. During the arrest and the chaos she had not had time to pee again. Now trapped in the back seat with the car’s motion jostling her empty but still sensitive bladder the familiar pressure began to build once more.

It started as a dull ache low in her pelvis then sharpened quickly. She had chugged so much earlier her body was already refilling fast. Within minutes the ache became a heavy insistent fullness pressing downward. She shifted on the seat thighs pressing together but the cuffs behind her back made it impossible to hold herself properly. A tiny warm spurt escaped trickling down her inner thigh onto the seat.

The tingling returned faint at first then spreading fast from her swelling bladder outward. She bit her lip hard as another leak hissed free soaking the blanket beneath her. The officers did not notice yet focused on the road and radio chatter.

By the time they reached a red light Lauren’s bladder throbbed urgently again rock hard and burning. Her urethra fluttered with desperate spasms labia slick and quivering as short bursts leaked out in steady rhythm. The tingling intensified locking in. Her body shimmered then vanished completely beneath the blanket leaving only the rumpled fabric and a growing wet spot on the seat visible.

The car stopped at the station lot. One officer opened the rear door reaching in to help her out.

His hand closed on empty air where her arm should be. The blanket fell away crumpling onto the empty seat.

“What the” he stammered staring at the wet blanket and the puddle seeping into the upholstery.

Lauren already invisible and desperate slipped past him bare feet silent on the pavement. She sprinted across the lot dodging between parked cars heart pounding as tiny leaks kept her hidden. Behind her the officers shouted confusion erupting into shouts for backup.

She ran toward the shadows of the street beyond the station not knowing where Roger was but knowing she had to get away.

