Bittersweet Candy Bowl: Theater Trouble

Author: AlmightyIdiot

*000*2022-02-02 20:54

Final Five, the hit movie that’s been constantly selling all it’s seats. Coincidentally, it’s also how many minutes until Emma finishes her shift. Stationing behind the snack counter, she fiddles her fingers on a candy wrapper, letting the sound and texture distract her from an aching bladder. Staring at the doors, Emma chews her cheeks with a frown, awaiting for her relief to come. Fortunately, her little rituals have succeeded, a tan furred cat wearing the theater uniform has arrived. All that’s left to do is count the shift’s earnings and report it to the manager.

Her mental state wasn’t up to par for counting and it shows. As Emma counts the dollars, her legs squat a tad, struggling to support the pressure accumulating. Despite shuffling through the papers as quickly as her leg bobs under stress, her boss has seen enough, telling her to be excused. It sure was embarrassing to be so unsubtle, but was thankful of her manager’s gruff kindness, perhaps he felt awkward about the situation too. Leaving the staff room, she swiftly clocks out, free from the burden of standing and staring in front of what she longed for. As she hobbles, legs refusing to part ways, she sighs in response to the line just formed. Her end of shift also coincides with the ending of a movie, with many women in the same boat as Emma.

Before anyone else could come, she reserved a spot to the awaited throne. Her hand juts down to the side of her crotch, almost resisting the temptation to hold herself in front of (mostly behind) several people. Her legs commit to a slow tap dance as Emma stood in line. Slowly she was able to waddle closer to a toilet. The sounds of pitter patter against the water didn’t help any for her whining bladder. So she softly hums a tune vaguely resembling what she heard on the speaker in the lobby. It eases the tension until the flush overshadows and makes her confidence quiver in making it without a stain. The sounds became louder as she inches forward. Her light bounces were now hops, audibly stepping in place, her body frantically losing control. A spurt escapes, Emma recoils, bringing her butt back. She knew she’s in full display, but their thoughts did not matter, just persevering through and maintaining a clean set of pants.

Soon Emma led the pack of bothered women, eyeing the stalls for an opening to take advantage of. Sweat was forming on not just her brow, but the onlookers behind. Her condition was looking severe and the overall confidence was grim. But in the nick of time, a door has opened and Emma bolts past the lady. Hurriedly, she locks the door and emits a whimper as she feels another blot of urine on her panties. The young woman’s steps were stuttered, trying to recompose herself as she got closer and closer to the other end of the stall. Contrast to her performance a minute ago, she cautiously grasps the hem of her pants and lowers them beneath the bowl, squatting to ease herself into relief. Her nethers were already dribbling, like a faucet not fully shut.

Without a moment to spare, the force of the stream expands into a gush and the release trembles her legs into sitting onto the porcelain. Waterfalls rival the unleashing piss in the bowl. Emma covers her mouth to hold back on emitting any moans of pleasure, she already embarrassed herself enough. Even though her voice is inaudible, her lower lips spoke true wonders of relief, the crowd behind the door surely envious of her state. She sat panting, cleaning the sweat off her forehead. As the raging piss pours, she could not wait for a shower. Her legs weren’t drenched, but she could feel the moisture run down her fur, unsure if it’s sweat or the leaks were that bad.

Her insides have no more to give and in return receives a thorough wiping. Her plain underwear did not make it without operation. Salvaging what she could with toilet paper, the piece of fabric was still damp, the front end painted yellow. She wonders if the pair was even worth keeping. Despite the exhausting feeling, she raised herself along with her pants as high as they could go. Her taint feeling a chill, Emma flushes and her head looking away from whoever stood in line, hurried out to wash her hands. The bus ride back home wasn’t going to be a pleasant one.

*001*2022-02-17 15:18

Fanart of this story by notmypornaccou

Warning: Scat content below

%https://twitter.com/notmypornaccou7

%https://www.furaffinity.net/user/notmypornaccount/

