OmoRomancing My Wife

Author: AlwaysLeaking

*000*2025-08-20 01:39

I could feel as much as hear her sobbing next to me. I rolled over to cuddle her and instantly realized what was going on. The bed was wet. For the third time this month.

My cock, already uncharacteristically stiff in the morning, started pulsing. I’m sure she felt it against her back as she also felt my hand reach between her legs. Her panties were of course soaked. I thought I might just cum from that alone. I felt a fresh sob as she realized I was awake, and she tried to push my fingers away.

“Shhh... it’s OK, baby, just let me lie here and love you.”

“It’s not OK, and I’m not a baby. Just because I,” she sobbed again, “just because I can’t stop wetting myself doesn’t mean I’m a baby.”

“It’s a few isolated instances,” I offered reassuringly, as my fingers coaxed her bud from its hood. “You’re not a baby, but you are my baby.” I kissed and nibbled the back of her neck until her sobs and sighs were replaced with a giggle. I wanted to tell her just how much hotter she was after wetting the bed and how her incontinence sent my kink-meter off the charts, but experience suggested she would not receive that very well, so I said nothing. My raging hard-on would need to be attended to after she got off, which didn’t take long.

I felt her squirm as her breathing changed. Her thighs parted a little, allowing me more room as her hand came to rest on mine. I always appreciated her guidance, especially when the goal was her pleasure, and I could feel her tense up. I wanted to release my usual morning bladder to mix alongside hers and have her straddle me as we made love in a soaking puddle of our own urine, but I was lucky she was letting me finger her, and after she gasped, said my name, and relaxed again, I used my other hand on myself as gobs of semen trickled out and onto the wet spot.

Years ago, we had talked about kinks, and she enjoyed being spanked or blindfolded a little, but that was about it. I had been interested in omorashi, and suggested we try watersports or a golden shower, but she seemed repulsed by the idea, and I continued my explorations privately. Now we were at a place where her greatest source of shame was my arousal, and I was determined to turn this into a win for both of us.

“I can’t believe you did that, and that you’d lay in my piss. So gross.” She sighed again, with a tinge of sadness still in her voice. “Tom, what am I going to do?

“What are we going to do?” I corrected her. “I’m in this with you.” She sighed again. “Come on, let’s get you cleaned up.”

“See, I’m dirty.” She shuddered. “So gross.”

“Monica, it’s only piss, a natural bodily process, and urine is sterile. It may smell a little funny, but it hurts nothing.” I sat up. “I’ll get the shower started for you.” I hopped out of bed and down the hall to the bathroom. “Leave your panties on the bed and don’t worry about it; I’ll take care of it.”

I rinsed off and voided myself in the shower (saves water), getting out to towel off as Monica arrived naked, ready to shower. I embraced her in a mock display of ravishment, kissing her neck and growling. “So gross,” she said as she pushed me away. “You just showered; why would you do that?”

“Because I love you,” I answered as I squeezed her left butt cheek before she disappeared into the shower and I went back to the bedroom.

I had the bed stripped in no time, the waterproof cover wiped down with a disinfecting wipe and new bedding laid out, ready to go on once it was dry. I whisked the soiled linens and miscellaneous dirty clothes downstairs to the laundry, and I set about getting the French press ready for our morning coffee.

I wished I could tell her just how hot she was surrounded by her wetness or how the thought of her doing that on me, or me peeing on her caused my arousal to grow again, but I remained silent as she entered the kitchen, dressed in her knee length pencil skirt, black stockings, and light blue blouse, ready to head out to the office.

“Tom, I appreciate your kindness, but you don’t have to make me feel better. I’m getting old and I just can’t hold my bladder anymore. I’d understand if you never wanted to touch me again.” She didn’t seem sad as much as resigned or even disappointed.

“Wow, trying to get rid of me?”

“Tom! You know that’s not what I meant. I will always want you and I love your recent increased interest in me”, she blushed a little as she glanced at me, “but you don’t have to overcompensate for my…” she looked for the word, “infirmity.”

“We’ll just make sure you don’t drink a lot of water before bed, and cut you off at eight.”

“Why do you make everything seem so easy?”

“Monica…” I kissed her goodbye as she was ready to walk out the door for her commute. “Everything will be alright. You’ll see.”

She just let out a “Hmmm” as I shut the door behind her and then made my own arduous commute to the den down the hall from the kitchen. Luckily, I didn’t trip over my own shoes. I tried complaining to housekeeping, but I just ignored me.

After a couple of hours of work, I attended to the laundry and polished off my first liter of water, filling my bottle with the second as I tidied up a little. One benefit of working from home was constant micro-attention to housecleaning, so the place never got too bad. Then I hopped on Amazon to look at some adult pull-ups for Monica. A conversation I knew we would have to have sooner rather than later, and I wanted to be on top of it. There was no reason she couldn’t still feel sexy wearing a pull-up.

Another benefit of working from home was peeing whenever and wherever I wanted. I had a stash of Depends that I used on days when I knew work would keep me glued to my desk. I loved those days when I could pee freely as I worked. Sometimes I held as long as possible, leaking until my underwear was already wet before I barely made it to the tub. Something about feeling my wet pants and the sheer naughtiness of it would fill me with an urge to stroke my soaked cock as it hardened.

I had read some discussions about pull-ups and actual adult diapers, but I was never serious about them myself. Amazon offered a limited selection, but I ended up getting a stylish black pull-up from Tena. I was looking for something super absorbent, but not something that looked like a diaper. The Tena Stylish Black Underwear (in two 18-count packages) was the perfect compromise. I wasn’t sure how well it would work as an overnight, but then I didn’t care. I would be thrilled if we both wet the bed.

I went back to work while the clock ticked for the two-hour delivery. I finished and folded the laundry, and I had changed into a Depend, with a pee pad handy, just in case I overwhelmed it. It didn’t take long into my second liter when I was at the point of holding my pee and had progressed to the stage where I couldn’t suppress the tiny leaks, which would grow to be larger leaks in time and I just wouldn’t be able to stop it. That would take quite a while, and because I never liked to exhaust my muscles, I just stopped holding it after an hour or so.

I fantasized about Monica dancing the pee dance and holding her knees together and eventually losing it as golden liquid would stream down her stockings and out from under her skirt to pool on the linoleum floor. I would pull her down onto the floor with me as she’d peel off her blouse and strip and I’d tear her hose and panties out of the way, having her impale herself on my raging hard-on.

Meanwhile, I tried to clench my muscles again to stop the flood but gave up as warm relief gushed into the Depend, and I could feel my soft cock twitch with relief as the pull-up began to grow heavy and started to sag from the weight of its fullness. A small rivulet of pee escaped the gather at my groin and trickled down my leg, staining the pad at my feet. I was still enjoying the relief and the relaxation it brought when my phone buzzed.

It was Monica. I answered it to hear her crying. “Monica, are you alright? What’s wrong? Do you need me to come get you?” It bothered me.

“Tom, I’m…” She snorted, “I’m… I peed my… myself at work.” She snuffled. “In the bathroom. I’m all soaked. The car is all wet.” She continued crying.

“Are you on your way home?”

“No. I thought I’d go shopping.” The irritation in her voice should have served as a warning, but I can be thick sometimes.

“Can you pick up a dozen eggs?” She might have laughed, but given the circumstances, it was asking too much.

“OF COURSE I’M COMING HOME.”

“So, no eggs?” Her silence made me realize I shouldn’t push it. “I’ll meet you in the garage. It will be all right, Monica. We’ll make this work.”

“That’s easy for you to say. You’re not the one pissing yourself.” I bit my tongue, and she disconnected the call. I was acutely aware of the weight of the pull-up as the liquid cooled. I peed a little more into it and then, standing on the slightly wetted pad, peeled off the Depend and wrapped it in it. I dropped that into a disposable plastic shopping bag and wiped myself off with a wet washcloth.

I tossed the washcloth in the hamper, grabbed a couple of towels and Monica’s old bathrobe, and threw my clothes back on. In the kitchen, I pulled out a stemless wineglass and poured her a glass of whatever sweet white we had open. I know, who uses stemless for white? I had little time. With towels, wine, diaper bag and bathrobe in hand, I went out to the garage and opened the door. I had just finished putting the bag with the pull-up in it in the garbage when Monica’s white Soul turned onto the apron, climbed the gentle slope, and parked. I pushed the button to close the door and had her take off her wet clothes right there, towels ready to dry her off. She hadn’t peed on the car seat, so the damage was minimal, easy to clean.

Her clothing wasn’t that bad. I’m not sure I’d have noticed if I just glanced at her casually. She had on the black stockings, which hid the wetness, and her skirt had obviously been in contact with the stockings, but if she hadn’t sat in the car, it might not have been noticeable. Watching her peel off the wet stockings and panties after dropping her clothes to the floor was hard to bear. I was afraid my bulge would be visible in the baggy shorts.

Her eyes looked sad as she accepted the glass of wine, and I fought the urge to take her there in the garage. Instead, I collected her soaked clothes to take to the laundry area, and suggested she rinse off in the downstairs shower stall. Wine in hand, she numbly shuffled off in that direction.

Unbeknownst to my wife, I was an expert in dealing with urine soaked clothes. I had seen people complain about staining or cleanup, but I found that simple, immediate treatment ensured no further complications. I took her clothes and put them on one side of the laundry sink, where I ran some chilly water with a cup of white vinegar and let them soak. When it came time to wash the clothes, normal detergent would take care of it. Baking soda added to the wash could help, if needed, but quick action prevented any further remediation. It was odd in a way that my kink was training for the next phase of my marriage.

I came back up while she was still in the shower and took off my clothes and stepped in with her. She was crying and just letting the water run over her. “Tom…” she started when she felt me behind her, and swiveled to face me, putting her hands up to keep me at bay. “Please don’t. You don’t have to…”

She didn’t get to finish because I started kissing her. I’m sure she also noticed my erection, but that was incidental. I was just trying to be supportive. She seemed surprised and reluctant, but then she relaxed, and her tongue met mine as they danced the steps they knew well. Through the years we had “made out” less and relied on casual familiarity with one another’s bodies as our ardor for each other had waned. We had our moments, but our most passionate and active days seemed long behind us after 30 years of marriage.

We both relaxed into the kiss, and I slowed down and let my tongue explore her mouth like I hadn’t in years. Her hands, initially a barrier, became a snare, pulling me closer. I felt her breasts, still full and round, if a little less firm, press against my chest as she gripped me. I could hear her let out a half sigh, half moan as I felt her relax even more, and we lost all sense of time in a kiss like we hadn’t had for years. The water streamed against her shoulders, splashing my face, and running down our bodies as I pulled her even closer and moved my mouth to her neck.

She had always liked when I nibbled the back of her neck, alternating between kissing, sucking, and biting, and her hand reached down to my semi-erect cock in response. “I whispered in her ear that she doesn’t have to, causing her to shiver, and told her to just relax and let me love her.”

We simply held each other as the water cooled, and I leaned over and turned it off. Even though I wanted us both to cum, it was enough to be with her like this. I stepped out of the shower and grabbed two towels, taking a moment to cup her face in my hand. “Monica, you know I love you, and everything about you. So, tell me what happened today.” I could see her chin quiver in response. “Monica, it’s me. You have nothing to be ashamed of.”

I started drying myself and looked away so she wouldn’t feel like I was pressuring her. “I pissed myself like a baby. That’s what happened.”

“Monica, it’s a normal part of aging. Have you made an appointment to see Dr. Jellico yet?”

I could hear her voice firm up a little. “Yes, I have an appointment next Wednesday.”

“Excellent! Who knows? Maybe it’s just a temporary thing?”

“God, I hope so.” My heart sank a little at that. But for her sake, I understood.

“So, what happened?”

She sighed and recounted her day. She got to work, finished her coffee, started drinking water as usual, had lunch and then had a meeting. “I went into the meeting feeling like I had to go to the bathroom, but nothing urgent, I figured it could wait.”

She had finished drying, and we both started upstairs to the bedroom to find clothes. “Halfway through the meeting I felt it more but figured I could hold it, and then I…” I could hear her voice quaver, “I squirted some pee in my underwear. I felt better after that, and then I squirted a little more. Towards the end, I had to keep crossing my legs and squirming a bit, and I squirted again. Roger asked me if I was OK, and I lied and said I was. But I wasn’t. It was all I could do to not pee myself, and I could feel pee wetting my panties.

She looked at me and blushed, embarrassed, and then looked away, continuing as she pulled clothes from her dresser. “The meeting ended. I waited a minute for people to leave, got up and tried not to sprint for the bathroom. I’m sure I was quite a sight, walking stiff-legged, trying not to pee in the hallway.”

Her voice quavered a little more, and I put my arm around her. I was picturing all of this in my head. I had read stories and seen videos of exactly this kind of scenario, and here was my painfully vanilla wife, dangling one of my kinkiest fantasies right in front of me.

“I…, I got into the bathroom, locked the door, and tried to make it.” She was fighting back tears as I was trying not to be visibly aroused. “I couldn’t even get my stockings down before I made it to the toilet and dripped everything into it. Thank God it didn’t hit the floor.”

“Oh, Monica, it will be all right.” I offered.

“Some of it ran down my legs and into my shoes, but I could clean up the worst of it.”

“Did anyone see?”

“No. I left the bathroom and went straight to the car. I don’t think anyone noticed anything. I just texted Roger that I wasn’t feeling well and left suddenly. You know Roger; he just said, "Take whatever time you need.” She paused for a moment. “The car,” she groaned, “what will I do?”

“I’ll take care of it.” We finished getting dressed in silence. Roger was a gem of a boss. Even if he knew what was going on, he would be unfazed and supportive. She was lucky. “You can still work from home sometimes. I can set you up.”

“I know. I just think work is better in person, or at least my work. I’ll just have to be more careful.” The wine and the shower seemed to have grounded her again, and she helped me with the linens I had left out as we made the bed together. “I’m sorry about the extra work.” She walked over to the window that faced the front of the house. “Oh, Amazon is pulling away.” I heard my phone buzz. “Did you order me diapers?”

She was smiling at her cleverness, and I was proud that she was becoming comfortable enough to joke about it with me. I wondered if the real answer would make her smile. “Where would you like to go for dinner tonight? Let’s do something special.”

“You don’t have to do this. Look, I know that this kind of thing happens. I’ve dealt with menopause, and I’ll deal with this. Maybe I need to do pelvic floor exercises? I don’t know, but you’re right, we’ll figure it out. I just want you to know your support means everything to me, and if for whatever reason you decide to mercy-fuck me more often, I’m not complaining.” She put her hands on my shoulders. “Besides, I can’t go anywhere if there’s any risk I won’t be able to hold my pee. There’s no way I could embarrass you in public like that.” Again, I bit my tongue and cursed my twitching penis.

“I appreciate your thoughtfulness.” I gave her a quick kiss. “Nonetheless, think about it.” I left her in the bedroom to go downstairs and retrieve the delivery. Luckily, it was in a nondescript box, but the drop ship label on it did mention the manufacturer, not that many people would know what Tena is, but still… I took it into my office and, assured Monica was not around, I opened it.

The Tena “underwear” was exceptionally light and looked like a panty. There was some thickening where the absorbent padding needed to be, but otherwise, it could just be a pair of black women’s briefs. It was sexier than most of her regular underwear, so I was hoping it wouldn’t be a hard sell.

I finished work for the day, or at least as much as I wanted to, one of the benefits of being salaried, and got the laundry to take upstairs to fold. I slipped one of the Tena’s into the basket. Monica was lying on the bed, scrolling on her phone.

“Tom, don’t hate me, but if we go out tonight, can we get some of these from the drugstore?” She held up her phone, and it showed some maximum absorbency overnights. That would be the perfect thing to wear to bed, alone, but I’m sure she wouldn’t like wearing it. In time, but not yet. It would only serve as a reminder of her, as she put it, infirmity.

“Sure, Monica, but I need you to do me a favor.”

“I think you’ve earned several favors.” From her outstretched position on the bed, she sat up and leaned on one elbow, looking at me. Monica was not tall, only five-three, and thin-waisted with full breasts and wide hips that had borne us a delightful daughter, currently living in Utah with her wife. With the events of the past few weeks and today, and with her brown hair cascading over shoulders and amber-colored eyes watching me, I was resolved more than ever to make this new situation work for her as well as me.

“I want you to try something on.”

Her eyes narrowed, and she looked at me suspiciously. “Tom, what did you do?”

“I found some underwear you might like. Please, I think you’ll look sexy in it.” I held up the black Tena, and she scrutinized it in my hand before sitting up all the way and taking it from me. It was cloth, and not plastic, so it didn’t crinkle like a diaper.

It was obvious what it was, and the thoroughness of her examination left no doubt that she knew what its ultimate purpose was, but she smiled and started to take off her pants. She stripped off her underwear and pulled on the stylish black Tena. She twisted and adjusted and snapped the waistband. “That’s very comfortable.” I whistled in appreciation, but I’ve never been good at whistling. She still laughed.

“And now we can go out. Unless you have any other objections for me to overcome?”

“Tom, I…”

“You’ll get dressed again? Perfect. We’ll go to that barbecue place where they have the shrimp and grits you love.”

“If you’re thinking you might get some tonight, it might work.”

I pumped my fist in victory. “C’mon, let’s go. The earlier we go out, the earlier we get home.” I placed my hand at the waistband of the pull-up and gave a tug. It was stylish, and you wouldn’t know what it was without a lot of scrutiny. They were just black, high-waisted panties. I slipped my hand under the waistband to see how snug it was against her waist. The fit was surprisingly good.

Monica swatted my hand. “Sir, I think you owe me dinner first. After that, you can do whatever you want.”

“I’m saving you for dessert!” I exclaimed as I kissed her on the nose and finished getting dressed myself for my first trip outside in several days.

We were like two kids again. I hadn’t been this affectionate and playful with her in years, and she was responding in a way I hadn’t seen her be for a long time. It was nice. Had she really said “mercy-fuck” earlier? I had never heard her talk that way.

She had on her favorite jeans and a sleeveless shirt and sandals, and you would never know she was wearing anything but regular panties, if even that. My heart was bursting by now, and I was overwhelmed by a newfound affection for my wife. “What?” She asked, looking down at herself. “Is something wrong? Why are you staring?”

I hadn’t realized I was staring. “I’m sorry. I was suddenly smitten with the most beautiful woman in the entire world.”

She did the thing where she narrowed her eyes. “You’re already getting some; you don’t have to overdo it.” She looked down at her waist, making sure her shirt was pulled down enough. “I thought you could see it.”

“It? Do you mean your sexy black underwear?”

“What has gotten into you lately? Are you having an affair?” She saw the instant of shock on my face. “Kidding. I know that wouldn’t be you. But whatever it is, I’m glad.” I laughed inwardly after getting over the shock of her suggesting I would have an affair. If she only knew what had gotten into me… If only Monica knew that her greatest shame was responsible for her husbands renewed attention. I had no idea how I was going to reconcile all of this, but there had to be a way.

Monica used the bathroom before we left, although I secretly hoped she would forget, and I caught her admiring the black panties when she was done, before she pulled up her jeans. We each had a glass of water before going out in the heat, and after a short, air conditioned drive, we found ourselves at Southern Comfort.

Monica was originally from South Carolina, a self-proclaimed beach girl, who went to graduate school in Arizona where we met, and after getting married we landed in Sante Fe, New Mexico. Shrimp and grits was my secret weapon when she needed cheering up. We had a short wait for a table and, on a whim, I ordered us both a shot of Southern Comfort and a beer.

“Again, sir, you’ll already get your way with me; you don’t have to get me drunk.” She had to speak up because it was loud by the bar.

“I don’t know. If you knew what I was planning, you’d want to drink more.” I winked at her. I’m not sure she knew how seriously to take that. She gave me a narrow-eyed look and then relaxed.

“Just know that anal is still off the menu.”

Monica flushed red and looked around in horror as the bar had miraculously gotten quiet as she said that. I couldn’t help but laugh as Monica searched for a hole to disappear in, and I pulled her in closely and whispered in her ear, “See? Pissing your pants won’t seem so bad now, will it?”

I deserved the halfhearted punch she landed. I could feel her lips brush against the side of my face as she whispered back, “It ain’t gonna happen. Pissing my pants or the anal.” She gave my ear a quick lick before pushing me away playfully.

Our little display had drawn the attention of an older couple, who smiled and nodded. The man asked if he could buy us a drink, but from the way they were glancing, they were interested in Monica. I put my hand on her ass and squeezed, which caused her to jump. “See how sexy you are, baby? Do we want the nice couple to buy us a drink?”

“No thank you,” she yelled towards them, and ground her ass into my hand. I laughed and shrugged at them. She leaned over and pulled my head down, giving me a kiss. “You’re the only one getting lucky tonight.”

It dawned on me that my wife, who never drank liquor or rarely ever drank anything but white wine, was feeling buzzed. Fortunately, our table was ready, and after seating us, the server took our order. She had barely finished her first beer when the second one appeared, and she gave me a dirty look, but drank it, anyway. She loved the shrimp and grits (I had the jambalaya) and after the meal the waiter asked if we wanted any dessert, and I swear as God is my witness I knew she was buzzed because she told the waiter, proudly, “I’m the dessert.”

I didn’t miss a beat. “Check, please.” The waiter nodded with a smirk. I waited for Monica to tell me she needed to use the bathroom, but she didn’t. After 2 beers, I knew I would need to go, but figured I’d hold it because, well, I have a piss kink.

We left the restaurant, got in the car, and I decided to take the scenic route home. We made small talk about some local news and some events I had heard about coming up, and Monica started looking around frantically. “I need a bathroom.”

“No, you don’t.”

“What?!”

“You can hold it. I believe in you, Monica.”

“Oh my God, you cannot be serious. I must go. I…” She stopped, a look of concentration on her face as she squirmed in her seat. “Oh my God. I just leaked. Tom, I just peed my pants!”

“No, you didn’t.”

“What do you mean?! Of course I did! Why do you think I would lie about that?”

“You’re not lying, but you aren’t leaking in your pants. You have on sexy underwear, remember?”

“Sexy… Oh, yeah. But Tom, I can’t…” she stopped again, her knees clamped together as she twisted slightly. “Oh my God, I’m doing it again. I can’t do that.”

“Why not?”

“Because I can’t, it’s not right.”

“Monica?”

“Tom?”

“I have to go too.” I knew I could hold on for quite a while but the leaks, once they started, would continue with greater volume. Being a seasoned pro at this, I figured I had more time than she did. I looked over at her, her brown hair with the hint of gray strands pushed behind her ears and her amber eyes searching for answers in her confusion. I wasn’t sure, but when I glanced down, it seemed like her nipples were… No. Wishful thinking on my part.

“I said it first,” Monica declared. “I get to go first.”

“I just leaked a little too.”

“TOM!” she exclaimed, scandalized. “I’m not contagious; what are you doing?”

“Holding my pee with you.”

“Aren’t you afraid…, your car…” She paused for a moment in concentration, “You aren’t wearing,” She searched for the term, “You aren’t wearing a stylish panty.

“I know; it’s so naughty, isn’t it? That feeling of relief for a minute when you just let go a little?” I reached over for her hand as I slowed down for a stoplight. “Maybe that’s what I want for you tonight.”

“Oh my God, you’re serious. Tom, it’s so dirty, how can you…” she clenched for a second in concentration. “Oh my God. It feels good to let some out.” She was panting with effort now. “Oh Tom…”

“It’s not dirty; it’s sterile. It’s only piss.” I reminded her. “Besides, we’re almost home. Don’t worry, Monica, we’ll get you to the bathroom.” I felt a twinge of guilt, like I had pushed her towards something she hadn’t consented to. This was her new reality now, and with the pull-up, wasn’t worried about her making a mess, and she was holding it without leaks, so I figured this was a good field test. My raging hard-onas just a bonus. Every time she hissed, groaned, or clenched up and relaxed, my excitement level built just a little.

Monica was looking at me, her teeth clenched as we rounded the corner of our street, her legs pressed together, hand in her crotch, straining to hold it. “You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?” She didn’t sound mad, but it was hard to be sure with the clenched teeth. “I think you hope I’ll wet myself. “

“I would do nothing to harm you, and I wouldn’t want to see you be embarrassed, but I am curious about how much that thing will hold.” It’s holding all your leaks now, so that’s a good thing.” For you, I added silently.

“I’m wetting it all right. I don’t think I can make it.”

“We’re home, just a couple more minutes.”

“Tom, my bladder.”

“It’s full, baby, I know.”

“No, it’s pressing against…” She glanced over at me and smiled as I put the car in park and started the garage door on its journey downward. “It feels good. Like it’s pressing…” She clenched up longer this time.

“You’re doing great, honey, just another minute.” I threw the door open and leaned in to help her out.

“I’m not going to make it.” I found that both thrilling and heartbreaking at the same time. “It’s OK, it’s going to feel so good.”

“Not in the car.”

“Of course.” I helped her out of the car, and she tried to take a few steps, and her knees collided as she twisted and swiveled her hips, a strange, almost blissful expression on her face. She wasn’t going to make it.

I put my hand at her waist and pulled her in to support her, and my other hand slid past her waistband and down to the dampened padding of her stylish panties. Her eyes flew open, and she stiffened, attempting to push my hand away, but resigned at this point to whatever would happen. I flicked her bean out from hiding and felt her body stiffen. She relaxed again, and I expected to feel the flood coursing into her black pull-up, but she gripped me, as if to hold on, as I felt her weight more acutely against me as she relaxed.

“Pressing against… pressing… my G spot”, she whispered. “Oh Tom, I think I’m…” Her mouth opened in a silent cry as her body tensed, and I could feel her full weight as she just let go. Her thighs and legs quivered in a powerful orgasm as her fingers gripped my arms for dear life. A powerful stream of urine shot against my fingers, and then another, and then a raging torrent of honey water gushed forth from her as she moaned loudly, lost in an ecstatic haze.

The orgasm subsided, but the flood still raged, and she panted as she regained control. I removed my hand from her crotch, making sure I pulled the Tena up, but the wetness overwhelmed it and seeped around the gathers. I wanted to let go of my stream and wet with her right then and there, but I was so hard and not at the point where I could just pee through my erect cock.

Monica was coming to her senses again, and realized she was standing in the hot garage next to my car, with urine spreading out around her pull-up, getting both her and I wet as I held her in a tight embrace. “Tom, what was that?”

“I think you had an orgasm.”

“Thank you, Captain Obvious.” I was holding her too tightly for her to hit me. “That was incredible.”

“I’m not done.”

“Oh no.”

I released her and crouched, hard prick pressing against my bladder, as I shimmied her wet jeans down. The Tena had performed admirably, but I doubt its designers intended it for what she filled it with. I reveled in its glorious weight as I lowered it down her legs and Monica placed a hand on my shoulder to steady herself as I lifted her feet, one after the other, to remove her wet jeans and soaked pull-up.

She never expected I would grab both of her still-firm ass cheeks and pull my face into her wet, shaved vulva, reflecting the dim LED lighting in the garage. My tongue darted out to find her still swollen clit, partially exposed. The smell and, more importantly, the taste of her still-wet skin and the urine mingled with her own lubrication within the folds of her vulva were overwhelming. I had dreamed of this moment for years.

My heart pounded as her hand touched my head, fearing she’d shove me aside. “Tom, I’m wet down there with pee. What are you doing?”

“I flicked my tongue against her clit and heard her sharp intake of breath. I looked up into her eyes. “I’m enjoying my dessert.”

“Tom…” She stopped as I buried my face again in her and started working her clit with my mouth in earnest. I had always enjoyed licking and sucking on her pussy, and one time had got her right after she peed while she was a little drunk, but I was in heaven right now and determined to make this evening as pleasurable for her. Her fingers clenching my hair told me she was.

Meanwhile, crouching was a terrible position for my bladder with my cock pressing into it. I was leaking regularly by now but was too stiff to pee. I could feel a growing wet spot in my pants, and it was getting a bit painful. I knew something would have to give.

I could feel her squirming, and knew my dessert was enjoying being enjoyed. But I didn’t think I’d be able to finish her with my tongue. My bladder was urging me too much, and I was so incredibly inflamed with desire that I abruptly stopped and stood up, spun her around so she was facing the hood of my car, and bent her over it. She gasped at the suddenness. I’m sure she knew what was going on as I fumbled with my belt and the zipper made its unmistakable sound. I didn’t even bother taking them off, just let them drop around my ankles, exposing my rock-hard cock, dripping with pre-cum or pee, hard to tell at that point.

“Tom,” she said with approval in her voice, as I blindly thrust at her saturated and swollen pussy. The first thrust glanced off her ass cheek. The second came perilously close to the wrong hole, and I went for a third, which came close, but not a penetrable area. Finally, she spread her legs further and stuck her ass up so the fourth thrust found the folds of her wet lips and slid towards the opening, spearing her cunt in one swift motion. We both gasped at that, and I knew I wouldn’t last long in my current state. “Fuck me, Tom, use me like your slut.”

I was a little shocked at that. Monica had never been one for dirty talk and wasn’t much for talking during sex at all, but if her intention was to have me fuck her like an animal, she succeeded. I shoved her blouse and bra up her body, exposing her breasts, which hung over the hood of the car where I could squeeze them, and started thrusting. There was no subtlety, no attempt at elongating the pleasure, I just hammered at her from the start and continued while I heard her moans, and her exclamations of Oh my God, and God Damn. I felt my nut rise; grunting and saying “Take it you slut,” as I half groaned and half breathed while my spunk pumped into her. Spent, I slumped against her ass, playing with her breasts.

Monica lay breathing hard underneath me, while murmuring as she could feel my cock twitching inside her still. I felt it soften, and the urge to pee returned so strongly I knew I wouldn’t be able to stop it.

“I’m sorry, Monica,” I said as I withdrew my cock while standing up and relaxed, allowing a forceful stream of piss to splash against her lower back and ass. She gasped at that, but otherwise made no sound or moved, except to wiggle her ass as if she were being tickled. My stream subsided, and it sprayed against her legs, and the side of the car, and down to her calves and her feet before stopping.

I was gasping for breath and couldn’t decide which was better, my hard orgasm, or the relief of peeing and watching it splash all over my naked wife. I was living a dream come true.

I worried the situation was overwhelming Monica because she was so quiet. She hadn’t been drunk, just buzzed, so I wasn’t worried about consent, but still it had been a long, emotional, and eventful day for both of us, especially her. I kicked off my soaked pants along with my socks and peeled my shirt off to dry her with it while she just lay there, draped over my car. I gazed at her face, and her eyes were closed. Once she was dry enough, I lifted one of her arms enough to get my shoulder in and hoisted her up to get my other arm under her legs. She let out an excited murmur as I gathered her in my arms, and her eyes fluttered open, looking at me.

“Who are you and what have you done to my husband?”

She nestled her face into my neck, and I could feel her kissing me as I got the side door open and carried her into the kitchen, around the corner and up the stairs. I’m not going to lie, I prayed I didn’t have a heart attack, it had been years since I had tried to carry my wife, and my abilities now were more a testament to her care for herself than my fitness, but I survived and carried her to the bathroom, where I set her down on the toilet seat.

“See? I told you I’d get you to the bathroom.”

“Oh Tom, what was that? I mean, what the…” she paused, “What the fuck was all that?”

I ran water for the bath. “That, my lovely wife, was the fulfillment of my greatest fantasy.” She seemed confused still.

“Do you mean…?”

“True confession, I have a pee kink.”

“Thank you again, Captain Obvious.” She laughed and reached out for my hand. “I had no idea. About any of it. About you, or… what it was like.”

“So, you’re not mad?”

“Mad? Yeah, I’m mad. You’ve known what that was like and you kept it from me?” I’m pissed,” and then she gave me an exaggerated wink and laughed. “Get it? I’m pissed.” She took a deep breath. “So, as I was crying about wetting myself you were having me push all of your kink buttons?”

“Bingo.” I felt a bit shallow and exposed at that statement, but it was true. There was enough water in the tub to toss one of her favorite bath bombs in it. She didn’t take baths often, but when she did, we made it a treat. “I tried to tell you years ago, but you weren’t interested, in fact you seemed a little repulsed.”

“Yeah, I would be.” Her attention wavered in thought. “I want to understand,” she said as finished taking off her disheveled blouse and bra I had left scrunched up on her, leaving us both naked in the bathroom. “Pee excites you. Wetting clothes excites you. Me peeing the bed excites you. Holding your pee and seeing other people holding theirs excites you.” She looked genuinely curious.

“Yes,” I shrugged. “It’s called Omorashi. It’s not always sexual, but with you, it is.”

“Omorashi…” She rolled the term around in her mouth. “Sounds Japanese.”

“It is. Don’t worry, I don’t grope strangers in subways or sniff panties. Yet.”

“I’ll have to keep you too busy to try.” The tub always filled rapidly, and the water was hot enough to form a slight mist at it‘s murky, bath bomb filled surface.

“More pleasure awaits my petite goddess”, as my arm outstretched to the bath. I held out my other arm to escort her to the tub and started towards the door once she was getting in.

“Where are you going?”

“Downstairs to clean the garage and get you a small glass of water. You should drink something but not too much.” I paused for a moment, and thought of something, smiling, “I’ll bring up one of those stylish, sexy panties for tonight, just in case.”

“First of all, mister, it’s just piss. The garage can wait. Second, I want an enormous glass of water.”

Now it was my turn to look surprised. “But Monica…”

“But but! Shhh.” It had been a while since I had seen such a mischievous look on her face, and I started to get excited again. “You mean to say that if I were to wet the bed tonight, you would wake up and be uncontrollably horny and want to ravish me in the morning?”

“Um, yeah, that’s a fair assessment.”

“In that case, bring me 2 glasses of water, fuck the diaper, and join me here in the tub.” I stared at her dumbfounded. “Well? What are you waiting for farm boy? Your pee princess wants water!”

I breathed a quick prayer of thanks to the gods of delight as she settled back into the tub and closed her eyes, her head resting on her arms folded behind her. “As you wish,” I whispered, hurrying to get us both plenty of water.

*002*2025-08-21 02:16

{{11 hours ago, HereToStay said:

Later period of life.

}}

They're only early 50s!

*004*2025-08-21 11:55

{{7 hours ago, HereToStay said:

Sorry if I offended you.

}}

Nah, you're good. I just thought it was funny. I have another series of stories (non Omo} with an 80-year-old so I don't think of this couple as that old. But, relatively, compared to the youthful ideal of college age to late 20's, yeah, they're pushing the "later half'.

Damn, my fingers hate me, must be the arthritis. Lol.

*006*2025-08-21 20:44

{{17 hours ago, Alba wetting said:

I get too aroused and cum

}}

Can a writer of Erotica ask for higher praise?

*007*2025-08-23 17:56

Working on another one, two strangers and their fortuitous meeting.

“Your students must love you.” I could smell the barbeque sauce on her breath.

“Oh sure,” I said, rolling my eyes, “all the way until the first grading period.”

“Do any of them try for…,’ she smiled to herself and blushed, “extra credit?”

“They try, but I’m not that Professor.” As much as I liked the direction this was taking, I was more interested in learning about her. “I’m going to go out on a limb here and guess that you are…,” I paused dramatically, “Japanese.”

“That limb did not break, Mister Pro-Fess-Sir.” We both looked at each other, smiled, and then I felt myself blush again and look away. I was feeling a warmth to go with the chill of having to pee badly.

Checking in, I found the bathroom line was still going. Unless I wanted to risk a visible wet spot, I knew I would need to do something myself soon. I couldn’t imagine she hadn’t leaked by now, and wondered what her endgame really was. I figured I’d go for it.

“Omorashi or Omutsu?” She froze at those words, and her eyes widened along with her mouth. I could see her tense a little, like she was suppressing a leak, and then she glanced around.

“Origami. You forgot that one.” She sighed. “Omorashi.” She pronounced it slightly differently, and I realized she must also speak Japanese. “I should have worn a pull up, but I hadn’t planned anything.” She looked me in the eye for a moment, and I felt a twinge in my groin as I tried to suppress another leak, to no avail. “I was finally going to use the bathroom but it was occupied, and then I held for a while longer, and then you showed up. Now, I’m too…,” she blushed and looked away, “It feels too good right now.”

