Allison at the Festival - with pictures

Author: alleycat89

*000*2023-06-27 23:18

The sun was shining and the air was filled with the smell of various food vendors. Allison saw a group of friends eating hamburgers and decided to grab one for herself. She walked over to the vendor and handed him some cash, then started eating her hamburger as she continued to explore the festival.

As the day went on, Allison tried some fried pickles and a few alcoholic drinks. She was having a great time until she suddenly felt a twinge in her bladder.

Allison started dancing to the lively music played by a local band and forgot about her slight discomfort momentarily. But as the music ended, the twinge turned into a more insistent feeling. She discreetly checked the time and realized she had been at the festival for hours and hadn't used the bathroom once.

As Allison tried to make her way to the toilets, she found that they were unusually hard to locate.

Allison starts to feel nervous and jittery as she realizes that she has no way of relieving herself. She finds it very strange that she hasn't seen a single toilet since she arrived. She begins to ask around and is directed to the indoor washrooms, but when she gets there, she finds that they are disgustingly clogged.

All of the alcohol from earlier has made its way to Allison's bladder and is desperately demanding to be released.

Allison starts to frantically search for a solution as the pressure in her bladder grows increasingly intense. She contemplates sneaking into the woods to relieve herself, but she knows that would be completely inappropriate and she doesn't want to be caught by anyone.

She starts to feel desperate and lightheaded as her bladder continues to fill up. Allison feels like she has no choice but to keep looking for some way to relieve herself.

Allison feels relieved to know that she is not the only person experiencing this problem. She starts to look around her and notices a few people in similar situations. Some are walking around anxiously while others have an expression of slight discomfort on their faces.

Allison tries to strike up a conversation with a friendly-looking couple and finds out that a lot of people have been complaining about the lack of available toilets. The couple recommends that she just hold it until she gets home. Allison frowns, trying to hold back tears of desperation.

She continues to look around for any sign of functioning washrooms or even a quiet spot where she can find some privacy. She glances at her watch and realizes that it's been hours since she last relieved herself. Allison can barely handle the pressure any more.

Allison feels relieved to know that she is not the only person experiencing this problem. She starts to look around her and notices a few people in similar situations. Some are walking around anxiously while others have an expression of slight discomfort on their faces.

Allison tries to strike up a conversation with a friendly-looking couple and finds out that a lot of people have been complaining about the lack of available toilets. The couple recommends that she just hold it until she gets home. Allison frowns, trying to hold back tears of desperation.

She continues to look around for any sign of functioning washrooms or even a quiet spot where she can find some privacy. She glances at her watch and realizes that it's been hours since she last relieved herself. Allison can barely handle the pressure any more.

Allison feels a sharp pang of pain shoot through her lower abdomen. Her bladder feels so full it could burst and her pussy is now throbbing with discomfort. She has never felt so uncomfortable before and she starts to panic.

Allison looks around frantically hoping to find something, anything that would provide her with some relief. She thinks all manner of things, but none of them seem viable.

As she is trying desperately to find a solution, she doubles over in pain and almost cries out. The intensity of the pressure in her bladder has become unbearable and she knows that she can't hold it in for much longer.

Allison tries to control her inappropriate thoughts, but the throbbing in her private area is making it even more difficult to think straight. As she continues her search, Allison's thoughts drift to the most outrageous ideas. She briefly contemplates relieving herself in the food stalls that are scattered around the festival. Maybe she could stand behind one of the stalls and try to take care of her problem.

Allison then thought of relieving herself behind an empty tent or in some secluded far-off area. She could feel the heat radiating from her body and her thoughts start to get more and more inappropriate. She imagines crouching behind a tree, or dropping her pants and squatting on the lawn in public view which causes her to blush in embarrassment.

Allison turns beat red for the thoughts running through her head but she just can't seem to help it.

Allison's bladder spasms again sending a small leak into her panties, and she can't hold it anymore. She is completely mortified by what just occurred, and takes a few deep breaths to try and calm her panicked breathing.

Desperate now she jams her hand into her pussy trying to suppress the growing need to pee. Her hand is the only thing that can relieve her for now and it brings her some measure of comfort.

She stands there for a moment, her hand still buried between her legs, trying to gain the composure to continue her search for something, anything, that can help her. Allison wishes she had a better flush of courage to ask someone for help but she knows no one would truly understand.

She is in a desperate situation and needs to find a solution before she embarrasses herself in public completely.

Allison's heart races as she sees another young lady lose control and urinate on the walkway. She can feel the onlooker's eyes on her. Allison is appalled at the young lady's behavior, but at the same time, she understands it. She knows how bad the urge can be and how quickly one can lose control once it reaches a certain point.

Allison tries to fight her own growing urge but she finds herself losing the battle as well. Her hand is now soaked with her own urine, and she tries to cover it up as best as she can. She looks around again, hoping against hope that she will find some kind of solution.

The pressure in her bladder feels like it is getting more intense by the second. Allison can't seem to think of anything else, but just getting the relief she needs. She thinks about losing control herself and imagines what it would feel like to let go in public.

Allison takes a step back towards the young lady who had embarrassed herself and considers a similar fate.

Allison's thoughts are interrupted as she loses another leak, the warm urine spreading down her thighs and soaking into her shorts. She's absolutely mortified. Her thoughts go back to that moment of desperation, crouching in a corner, and letting the pee flow.

Allison is now in full desperation mode, and every movement is causing her more discomfort. She can't seem to find any place to go, or anyone who will help her. It's like everyone else at the festival is completely oblivious to the fact that people need a bathroom.

Allison's heart races as she realizes that she is more desperate than ever before. She can feel the hot urine trickling down her thighs now and she feels so ashamed. Her legs are trembling, and she knows that she can't hold on for much longer. The only thing she can do is accept the inevitable in public view.

Allison realizes that she is at her breaking point and that she needs to make a decision quickly. She can either give in to the urge and pee in public view, or she can continue to suffer until she wets herself.

Allison reaches a tipping point tension and anxiety overwhelm her as tears of shame start to form in her eyes. She knows that wetting herself would be the ultimate humiliation, so in a split second decision, she decides to just pee on the grass.

She runs towards an empty corner as fast as she can, pulling down her shorts and crouching on the ground. She lets go and feels the warm pee rushing out of her and soaking the grass around her. Allison is crying now, overwhelmed by the embarrassment and the release of physical tension. Once finished she is completely out of breath from the effort.

Allison is still in shock from what she has just done when she suddenly hears footsteps approaching. She looks up to see a couple in their 20s rushing by, the woman cradling her crotch, looking like she is in severe distress.

The woman looks at Allison and sees her crouched, naked on the grass, and seems to understand what has just occurred. The woman makes a beeline for the empty corner and squats down, mimicking Allison's position. She starts to pee uncontrollably, her face a mask of relief.

Allison watches the scene in disbelief, feeling a rush of understanding and solidarity with this stranger. She knows what it's like to hold it in until you can't take it anymore and to feel the shame of not being able to find a bathroom.

The woman finishes up and stands, smiling at Allison. "Thanks for breaking the seal, girl," she says.

Allison's eyes widen as the woman's partner walks over and stands next to her. He unzips his jeans and pulls out his penis without any hint of shame. Allison quickly looks away, feeling embarrassed that she's looking at another man's penis.

Allison looks away, feeling her face turn bright red from embarrassment, but she can't help but glance back again. The man is still peeing, and she's amazed at how much urine is coming out of his penis. She can't believe how long he is going for.

Allison feels a strange mix of awe, disgust and fascination taking a front row seat to one of the most bizarre scenarios she has ever been a part of. It's like she has been given permission to do what seemed so impossible just a few minutes ago.

She watches as the man finishes up his relief, zips up his pants, and gives a nod of acknowledgment before walking away with his partner.

Allison feels overwhelmed yet somehow relieved by the turn of events.

Allison tries to shake off the strange feelings that have arisen inside her. She's embarrassed, relieved, and strangely turned on all at the same time. The scene she's just witnessed is unlike anything she's ever seen, and she's not sure how to process it.

As she stands up and begins to pull up her shorts, Allison feels a strange, tingling sensation between her legs that she can't quite explain. She knows that she shouldn't be feeling this way and feels a bit ashamed of herself. However, a part of her can't deny that the act of releasing herself in public view has sparked a strange kind of arousal within her.

Allison shakes her head, trying to dismiss these feelings. But as she walks away from the empty corner, the sensation only grows stronger. She feels confused, unsure of how to handle what she's feeling. For now, all she can do is try to forget the entire incident and find a way to clean herself up.

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

*002*2023-06-29 11:18

No altering. Using Stable Diffusion.

