Tricia's trial

Author: Apan

*000*2023-12-23 20:00

So as the year is winding down I thought it time to start portioning out a story that's been brewing for the better part of the year. Again the basic idea was requested by @Kayn and I've been working on and off on it over way too long a time, but I promised to get it out by christmas so here we are. 

Disclaimer: I have absolutely no insight in court proceedings or other legal matters and whatever terms and orders of process referred to herein are all based on my own guesswork, so just humour me.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Part 1

"They're getting sued", she thought, "They're actually getting sued."

Patricia Wellstone, Tricia to her friends, was still not yet in the mental place where she felt comfortable referring to the compound of her new workplace as "we" as she pondered upon the situation she had been thrown head-first into. At a mere 27 years of age, she had graduated from law school only a couple of months ago after a 6 month internship at a local lawfirm where she managed to gain enough reputation in order to be headhunted for her first real employment as a legal expert at Moresoft, a mid-sized IT corporation. Freshly out of her educational stint, she was still enthusiastic enough to convince her surroundings of her eagerness and ambition and whatever role by which she could exercise and expand her legal knowledge would be sufficient for her at this point in her career.

This general open-ended outlook didn't quite stop her from getting a bit flustered at the situation that had risen at the corporation she now was working for. Her primary tasks as a legal expert were mainly counselling on behalf of Moresoft's customers, i.e. other companies who were purchasing IT services from them, and she knew that there wasn't that much expected of her regarding this lawsuit that had suddenly reared on the agenda. See, one of the IT customers had filed a class-action suit against Moresoft after a supposed security breach during a migration of a user database. The integrity of tens, maybe even up to a hundred, user accounts had been compromised, although it wasn't yet clear exactly what kind of information had actually been leaked, what accesses had been jeopardized and most importantly, under whose responsibility. The customer, a travel agency, claimed potential damage to the tune of $700.000 for compromising the personal integrity of their users, and by extension, their own customers, a hefty sum that the Moresoft representatives now were set to challenge. As it still wasn't clear exactly what kind of information had been leaked, and under what circumstances, it was still up in the air whether or not the claim of the travel agency was justified, and that's where Tricia now found herself on the way into the courtroom, only about a month into her newly found job as a legal expert.

Obviously, she was neither alone nor even bearing the main responsibility for this whole affair. That would be on the shoulders of her mentor, Mary-Anne Hopkins, about 20 years her senior with 12 years behind her as the main legal expert at Moresoft. Hopkins was certainly no spring chicken when it came to legal battles and courtroom proceedings, having spent about a decade prior as a lawyer in another town before moving here to take on part of the legal responsibilities of Moresoft's whereabouts. With a stern, almost teutonic manner, she was a prolific character inside the company, well-known for her ability to get things done, and more often than not her way. Naturally, Tricia was equally intimidated by as she was admiring of Mary-Anne, knowing that having her as her mentor would keep her on her toes at all times as she was drilled into her new role. Of course, normally neither of them would be needing to concern themselves with courtroom cases, rather dealing with legal councelling and maybe at most giving advice to their respective customers who might find themselves in some legal conundrum. But as of now it was all hands on deck; not only would Moresoft find itself in big financial trouble should the case turn out to their disadvantage, its reputation as a professional and reliable IT vendor would be severely tarnished which in turn would lead to further economical losses. It was paramount that they could prove not to have been the main perpetrators in this alleged security breach.

So one can imagine the weight of the phrase Tricia kept repeating in her head as she was on her way to work this monday morning - they were indeed getting sued. Maybe she was subconciously distancing herself from the potential severity of the situation by referring to Moresoft as "they" rather than "we", but she couldn't escape the fact that despite having been with them for just one month, she had already developed an affinity with them and felt some responsibility to do her utmost in any way she could to help their case, even outside of simply retaining her job. Living in a flat just a couple of kilometers away from Moresoft's office, she had made a habit of walking to and from work, and this crisp and sunny September morning was no exception. Strolling intently along the sidewalk in her overcoat, she felt simultaneously nervous and excited at what her working week would bring. The first courtroom session would take place already this afternoon and she was not yet quite sure exactly what she was supposed to do but felt confident that as long as she stayed in the shadow of Mrs. Hopkins, any creases would be ironed out in due time.

---

The air of the glowingly ginger autumn morning was high, naturally chilly but wind-free, thusly not doing a number on Tricia's dark brown, slightly wavy hair reaching down past her shoulders. She had been considering pinning up her hair but decided against it at the last minute, leaving it naturally free-flowing, not yet feeling that she had earned the right to sport that uptight business-woman look to its fullest extent. Nonetheless, she had made special effort to dress for the occasion, sporting a jet black button-up collared silk blouse, a tight grey knee-length skirt and a pair of light brown pantyhose underneath, disappearing down into a pair of black high-heels. Formal and elegant, but still with a touch of feminine sensuality, all crowned with her decision to let her hair down, literally. She knew she looked good, but most importantly, she knew she looked competent and self-assured, even if in all honesty, her confidence was definitely challenged by the prospects of her upcoming day. As she waited at a zebra crossing, she took up her water bottle from her purse and gulped down half of its content in order to quench her thirst and at least somewhat drown her nervousness, before putting it back down and continuing on her walk to the office.

Ten minutes to eight and the office appeared in her sight. Punctually as usual, she went through the front door into the lobby, past the receptionist and into the elevator for a ride up to her office at the third floor. Joined with her in the elevator were a couple of the servicedesk technicians, none of whom she really knew apart from seeing them in the hallways. She greeted them in passing before pressing the button and waited for her arrival, consciously avoiding their eye contact. Being a very pretty young lady in a male-dominated company, she always drew looks from the young lads, and her habit of dressing up for her workday did little to diminish her impact on their attention. Not that she minded really, but she couldn't help but feeling just a tad bit conspicuous whenever she found herself trapped in a tiny space like this elevator together with any of the male staffers, especially those with whom she shared the general agespan.

This morning was no different; the two lads, otherwise busy talking amongst themselves, couldn't really help eyeing the beautiful Tricia leaning against the corner, seemingly impatient to get out once they arrived at her floor. Her short, but not too short, and tight skirt revealed enough of pantyhosed leg to grab their interest even more than usual this morning. Such a bona fide token of utter femininity was more than a welcome deviation from their otherwise very blokish subsistence at their workplace. This together with her unbuttoned blouse collar, revealing all of her smooth neck down to just above her cleavage, almost teasingly hinting at what resided just beneath where the buttons began securing the silk fabric around her bosom, effectively kept the young lads from being able to concentrate on each other's endeavours the day before.

Not even a minute of sultry feminine presence and the elevator halted at the third floor, prompting the young lady to unpronouncedly bid farewell to her companions and leave them to their own destination one floor above. Tricia stepped out into the hallway and headed for her office, or desk rather, located in the office space at the far end of said hallway, past a few conference rooms and a small pantry. After putting away her purse, waking up the computer to check her e-mails and calendar, she immediately went off into one of the conference rooms for the obligatory morning meeting, scheduled as always every monday at 8:00 together with the managers, tech leads and other staffers with a relevant responsibility for what lay ahead. This morning's meeting would of course be of particular importance due to the upcoming court proceedings and Tricia left nothing to chance regarding her ability to pay attention to what was to be discussed. Thus, she loaded up her mug with some extra strong coffee from the machine before heading into the conference room and settled down at the table next to her mentor, the ever-imposing Mary-Anne Hopkins. That's Mrs. Hopkins to you and me.

---

"So, as you all know, we are getting sued", Herbert Wallenstein, one of the tech leads, commenced once everyone invited had assembled, "Quite a way to start off the week, huh?"

He proceeded to lay out what had been revealed so far about the upcoming case. To Tricia's slight bemusement, he didn't seem that alarmed about the whole affair and couldn't quite gauge whether it was due to it actually not being that big a deal or if he just excelled in pouring oil on troubled waters. Either way, she felt strangely confident about being part of it all despite simultaneosly feeling that she really didn't have any right to, almost as if it was all a giant drill which she could fail with no actual repercussions apart from a tarnished reputation. She momentarily felt her attention drift away and immediately snapped herself back into the meeting, fueling herself with a few compulsory sips of coffee.

"Make no mistake though, it's going to be a tough week for some of us, starting today with the first of several court hearings.", Herbert continued. "The work of the ordinary technicians won't really be affected but we have set aside a couple of them to be on standby, should there ever be any call for elaboration on the nitty-gritty of the operational routines."

The next 40 or so minutes went by with a whole barrage of information from Herb, all of which was to be taken into account when preparing for the court hearing which was scheduled in the afternoon at 13:00. It would be a long but packed day for everyone involved and the afternoon hearing meant that they would have to make for an early and slightly truncated lunch break at around 11:30, after which they would assemble and set off for the courthouse. To challenge their schedule even further, the court building was located on the other side of the town, at best a 30 minute drive but as they would be plowing through lunch hour traffic, such an estimate would be highly optimistic.

But before all that, Tricia had things to do. Before lunchtime, she was called to attend a meeting with the techies to inform herself among others on the operational side of things in order to gain insight in how certain procedures actually were done. What is a migration, what information is stored within the user accounts, by what methods can it be extracted, how are the permissions set etc., that kind of stuff. Tricia wasn't an IT person, she was a law expert and had a rather limited knowledge about what actually went on under the bonnet, so she was only too glad to learn that the managers had set aside time and staffers to brief her about the hands-on work, along with a few others of course, including Mary-Anne.

And speaking of Mary-Anne, the time slot up until that meeting would be spent by the two of them going through some old court cases, a few of which Mary-Anne herself had been part of, so after leaving the conference room, Tricia immediately followed her mentor to their designated desks behind the cubicle walls to get going with educating themselves about security breach cases. Well, almost immediately, but not before stopping by the pantry to refill her coffee mug and topping up her now empty water bottle again. As she walked away from the pantry, she glanced down the hallway and noticed the cleaning lady lugging in her equipment at the far end before walking to her desk. It was now about 8:45 and they had little over an hour dedicated to self-study before the tech meeting. Tricia settled onto her chair and casually crossed her pantyhose-clad legs, feeling her tight skirt straining slightly over her thighs.

*003*2024-01-20 17:36

Part 2

"So this is the one case I was part on driving home which is closest to our current one", Mary-Anne said as she made a gesture towards her computer screen. "I'll send it over for you to get an insight of the proceedings back then. Remember though that this was 7 years ago so whatever technical circumstances referred to therein may no longer fully apply"

Tricia nodded from where she sat by the desk next to Mary-Anne's. For the last half-hour she had been fully absorbed in reading up on similar cases to get a grip on the general approach. So absorbed in fact, that she hadn't consciously spared one thought on the reason why in all that time, she hadn't untied her crossed legs even once without re-crossing them the other way. But now as she was momentarily snapped out of her concentration, she became aware of that oh-so familiar feeling of a urine bladder steadily getting topped up. Counting the one large mug she had had for breakfast before leaving home, she had downed three mugs of coffe by now, and on top of that two bottlefuls of water in order to keep herself hydrated. Not yet desperate, she was still feeling enough of her bladder in order to involuntarily rock ever so slightly back and forth on her chair as she started skimming through the document her mentor had sent over.

"Just going to refill my water bottle, be right back", she uttered before rising up and walking towards the pantry. She had counted on making a casual detour all the way back to the restroom at the far end of the corridor, something which she had thought of doing already before starting working at her desk but reconsidered as she had spotted the cleaning lady entering the hallway and reckoned that the restroom was due for cleaning right then. As she went into the pantry she encountered a colleague by the sink, washing up his cup.

"Perfect!", she thought. This meant she had a good excuse to refill her bottle in the restroom instead, and emptying her bladder at the same time without having to hint at going in there solely for that very reason. She was very toilet-shy and felt conspicuous about explicitly deviating from whatever she was doing or whatever situation she was attending, and therefore disclosing her need in front of others. She had for the longest time tried to convince herself of the fact that everyone goes to the toilet and no one would be judging her of all people for doing the same, but there was just something so utterly embarrassing about knowing that others knew about her need to pee.

And the absolute nightmare scenario was if she had let herself grow so desperate that she was close to having an accident in a situation where the only way for her to get to a bathroom was to announce her pressing need to the people around her, which had happened on a handful of occasions, not least during her school years. Luckily she had always made it with dry clothes in the end, but for the price of a severly tarnished confidence, and that certainly didn't help with trying to overcome her shyness in that regard. On the other hand, she had become kind of an expert on plotting out escape routes in order to gain herself access to a toilet when she needed to, seeking out the tiniest of opportunity windows even in seemingly pressing situations. Sometimes it failed, quite often in fact, but her persistence and constant lookout seemed to always earn her a secluded and dignified relief in the end.

And despite being nowhere near desperate, this was a good example of that skill; now that the sink tap was momentarily unavailable, she obviously had to resort to refill it in the restroom instead, and while she was at it, she could just as well empty her bladder. It only made sense, even if she wasn't desperate. So she made her way to the restroom at the end of the hallway, right inside the entrance door which in turn led out to where the elevator was located. As she approached the restroom door, she reached out for its handle -

Locked.

Damnit.

Tricia's mind made some rapid reassessment of the situation - she always tended to overanalyze things - and concluded that waiting for the toilet to be free was beyond what was reasonable at that very moment, not least considering that she had much more important matters waiting for her on her computer screen. Thus, she went back to the pantry where her colleague had just finished up his washing.

"All yours, madam", he greeted her as he stepped away from the sink.

"Thanks", she smiled back and proceeded to fill up her water bottle for... the fourth time? Fifth? She tried to recall how many of these she had downed during the morning but failed to do so. She went back to her desk and sat down, again crossing her legs and managed to forget about her mounting need for now as she resumed her readings of earlier cases. Just over half an hour left before the tech briefing and she wanted to gulp down as much information as possible during the limited timespan.

###

"Ok, Patricia, time to go!", Mary-Anne announced as clock struck 10:00. Tricia looked up from her screen as her mentor stood up to walk to the conference room down the hallway.

"Coming!", she replied and followed Mary-Anne to the room where some of the technicians already had assembled, but they were apparently still waiting for a couple others, one of whom was the tech lead who had been tasked with hosting the meeting. Tricia sat down next to Mary-Anne at the boardroom table with one of the servicedesk techs on her immediate left. Again she crossed her legs in a casual manner but made a conscious effort to not move about, something which she by now would start doing in case she didn't watch herself. Her bladder had been steadily filling up during the last half-hour since her failed attempt to sneak away into the restroom, but it was still manageable without any problem.

A couple of minutes went by without the missing techies turning up. One of the staffers sitting at the front end of the table took it upon him to call for their tech lead via Teams on his laptop and got the reply that he was on his way but had been stuck with a minor incident. Tricia's very still posture where she sat made her growing need slightly more pronounced, constantly reminding her of the fact that it would most likely not subdue over time but rather the opposite.

She looked at the clock on the wall - 10:05. Could she get away with sneaking off to the toilet before the remainder turned up and the meeting commenced? Again she didn't want to announce her urinary need in front of all the young lads around the table - although admittedly there were a couple of girls present as well - so she turned her attention to her half-full water bottle and prepared to excuse herself to go and top it up, and in the process take that casual stroll past the restroom. She mustered enough courage to ever so slightly draw attention to herself and stood up to make for the door. The absentees could turn up at any moment so she had to be swift to make it before -

"Sorry, sorry everyone, my fault entirely! Had to attend an incident before heading here, sorry guys!"

Trevor Hawkins, the aforementioned tech lead, stormed in, slightly out of breath, with another guy on his heels who sat down near the front as Trevor himself positioned himself by the whiteboard in front of the room.

"You're lucky, everyone was just about to leave!", joked one of the lads to some spontaneous laughter. Even Tricia cracked a smile as she sat down again, but couldn't help but feeling a bit frustrated as her brief opportunity had been snatched from her. Oh well, there's nothing for it but wait it out. She wasn't really desperate anyway, at least not yet, and could easily wait until lunchtime without making a spectacle of herself.

###

For the next fifteen minutes, Trevor went through a general overview of the servicedesk routines with the rest of the room idly listening with various degrees of enthusiasm. Most of the techies drifted off into their own thoughts, one or two occasionally checking things on their laptops that they didn't ought to. Not only did none of them need to hear about what they did day-in day-out for a living, but few things could interest them less than all of the legal talk that this meeting nonetheless would revolve around. Tricia on the other hand could not affort to let this opportunity to educate herself on the practical everyday matters pass her by. She sat listening intently to Trevor's monologue while absent-mindedly sipping on her water bottle throughout, momentarily forgetting all about her growing need.

Trevor rounded up his introductory speech and was about to hand over the word to his colleagues who were to showcase some of the tickets which were subject to scrutiny in this case. Everyone in the room executed a brief stretching of their limbs in passing while one of the techies proceeded to open up the case platform. After being shook out of her concentration and moving herself about on her chair, Tricia realized just how full her bladder had become during the last fifteen minutes. She felt the urine pressing outwards onto the walls of her bladder, but more importantly, downwards onto her sphincter which she now consciously had to tense up ever so slightly. She looked at her now empty water bottle on the table and was reminded of where all that water would end up, if it hadn't already. At that moment, she noticed out of the corner of her eye her boss rising up from her chair beside her.

"Just going to get myself a glass of water", Mary-Anne whispered to her protegé as she pushed in her chair. Tricia seized her chance.

"I'm coming with you, I need to refill my water bottle", she whispered back as she rose from her chair, immediately feeling the weight of the liquid inside of her abdomen pressing downwards. She couldn't have picked a better moment to sneak out to relieve herself.

Or so she thought.

"I can take care of that for you. You'd better remain here for the run-through and acquaint yourself with their routines. Time is tight as it is.", Mary-Anne whispered back as she grabbed Tricia's bottle from the table.

Tricia's heart sank. She had but a split second to act, react and retort before her boss disappeared out from the room. No, it's alright, I can fill my own bottle, I mean, I need to... I want to... fill it myself because... because... I... I just need to... do that. Oh god, the words sped around inside her brain at 200 km/h but none of them made any sense, not unless she wanted to disclose her other more pressing need. Which she didn't. So she let her oh so brief moment of potential salvation slide past her fingers for those few seconds it took for her boss to scurry out from the meeting room. Meanwhile a couple of the techies began speaking as they projected their case tickets on the big screen at the front. She had to remain there, because everything they would talk about would be of importance to her own input in this whole legal endeavour.

Tricia sat back down, trying to calm herself down and convince herself that she had endured worse desperations than this without incidents. Which was true, but she couldn't ignore just how uncomfortable she was becoming. She calculated in her mind when she would get a new chance to visit the toilet. About 40 minutes left of this session and they would all be off to lunch. That's when she would ever so discreetly sneak off into the toilet on the way out. She just had to endure this dull pressure mounting inside of her for another 40 minutes. Which was just a little more than half an hour. Which suddenly didn't sound that long after all. No problem.

After about 5 more minutes, Mary-Anne silently returned to the room, tip-toeing towards her chair beside Tricia who couldn't help but wonder if her boss had taken the opportunity to relieve herself in addition to top up the water supplies. Tricia felt a pang of bitterness at the thought but all the same knew full well that Mary-Anne was the senior, the experienced one who had outlived most, if not all, of the others inside this room when it came to the processes and routines employed inside the organisation.

She had every right in the world not to necessarily pay full attention to this particular meeting and Tricia knew it. Not that this realization did anything to persuade her bladder of the fact; slowly but relentlessly it topped itself up with more and more urine as the session dragged on. Tricia did her best not only to concentrate on what was being said, but also to sit as still as possible, pressing her crossed legs against each other in periods in order to compensate for the lack of movement.

The session trudged on and Tricia's bladder was steadily filling. She replayed her boss's brief water break from before in her head, each time realizing more and more what a perfect excuse it would have been for her to tag along even for an explicit toilet break. She kicked herself mentally for squandering such a good opportunity to relieve herself, especially considering that it would have been bundled together with her going for a refill of her bottle and therefore sort of diminishing the importance of the restroom visit.

Damnit, why did she have to be so self-conscious! It's such an insignificant and trivial thing after all, no one would have batted an eyelid. Instead, she was now doomed to wait out the session lest her outing her growing desperation by requesting a brief break in the midst of it all which most certainly would be interpreted as a bit of an emergency, and that was the last thing she wanted. All the same, she became more and more nervous at the prospect of not having time to go before they all went out to lunch, which was a real possibility considering how packed their schedule was.

As the briefing drew closer to the end, Tricia felt her window of opportunity shrinking by the minute. Her pulse rate increased at the thought of not being able to visit the toilet before they left for lunch. Trevor ceased talking for a couple of seconds - Tricia seized her chance:

"Can I go to the bathroom?"

"...so we know that no one apart from the domain administrators could have had access to the supposedly leaked user account attributes...", the tech lead continued, seemingly only pausing for that brief moment that Tricia interpreted as a break in his speech. Oh no, he didn't hear me! She panicked slightly, immediately looking around her for even the slightest affirmation from any of her colleagues, but her faint request simply hadn't been assured and intent enough for anyone to notice. Or if they did, they didn't acknowledge it. Or if they did, they didn't care. Her mind went into overdrive.

What if some of them actually heard her? Maybe even the tech lead did? Then it would be beyond embarrassing to utter it again; not only would it upset them for her disturbing the flow of the meeting, it would emphasize how much she needed the toilet because the silly little new girl pretending to be a business lady is about to wet herself! She felt so stupid for reasoning like that, even if it was more instinct than reasoning, but she couldn't help it. Announcing her bathroom needs had always been among the most embarrassing things she knew of.

###

Her faint request hadn't gone totally unnoticed either; across the table was sat one of the techies, Jonah, who just so happened to have overheard Tricia's slighted plea. She only had had to utter her request in order for him to immediately shift his focus across the meeting room table - the prettiest girl in the room wearing the sexiest clothing had just asked for permission to go to the toilet! He was immediately rushed back to his scooldays and wonderful memories of shy desperate girls anxiously waving their hands to request a trip to the toilet. Most of the time the teacher let them go but on one occasion that would forever be etched into his memory, their teacher had been in such a bad mood that he had explicitly barred everyone from leaving class until it was over.

One of the girls in his class then had been absolutely bursting and had desperately asked for permission twice despite the teacher's toilet embargo, and right after having been denied for the second time, she flooded her chair, trying everything to stop it by writhing around on the seat with double-crossed legs but spectacularily failing. Jonah found himself in seventh heaven witnessing her piss raining down all around her chair while also spreading upwards over her crossed legs, totally soaking everything in its way.

It was the only accident he had ever witnessed, but ever so, even just the slightest hint of a pretty girl needing a toilet was enough to perk up his attention to the max. His current profession being amongst a very male-dominated crowd of course meant that even having a female in the vicinity at work was already distracting. And now that female was not only incredibly pretty and dressed incredibly sexy, but she also needed the toilet! He had been waiting, almost holding his breath in the wake of Tricia's request, begging, praying, imploring inside his head that whoever felt they were in charge would deny her request. But what ensued was possibly even better - no one reacted! He sat with beating heart and for a moment the world stood still as he slowly realized that she wouldn't even be denied - she wouldn't be granted! The absence of a yes means no! He couldn't believe it!

As the realization that her request had gone unnoticed, Tricia re-crossed her legs the other way and went back to typing away on her laptop, wiggling slightly on her chair, her legs moving somewhat from side to side. This display of silent resignation and desperation drove Jonah crazy. Could this be the beginning of a reprise of his wonderful classroom memory of the poor girl who pissed herself? No, her daredn't hope. Schoolgirls might wet themselves once in a blue moon, but not professional office ladies. But as the meeting wasn't yet over, and the fact that she had even made the request in the first place meaning she might have felt that she wouldn't last until the end, he was at least prepared for some potential desperation action...

