To The Pain

Author: AliasnameTO

*000*2024-07-28 02:54

Hi wet friends I wrote this in one shot after being inspired by a Tumblr post and a helping of (heavily embellished) real events. Bon appetit. Also please let me know if the formatting is showing up properly; if not I can try to fix it.

###

To The Pain

So many experiences are made or broken by the company present for them. That was definitely the case this time, walking through Boston in the wee hours of the morning, actually worrying about making it to a toilet before these wee hours became more literal. I would not have been nearly so scared, frustrated, and excited all at once were it not for Nicole being with me.

The two of us were friends from years ago. We met in elementary school and were only acquaintances for a time, but kept running into each other– the same clubs, classes, and random chance meant we were in each other’s lives for the time being whether we liked it or not. The first time I saw her in high school, I was all of a sudden struck by her beauty. Whether she had matured significantly or I simply saw her differently, this previously plain, down-to-earth friend had sparkling eyes, long hair a luminous blonde, and a body that demanded my attention.

We had talked about dating at one point, but it was never meant to be. The two of us found an alternative way to be together since confessing our mutual crushes: this friendship that was close enough to border on intimacy. Now she was in town to visit me. We celebrated by barhopping all evening, watering our respective genders’ bathrooms as needed– that is to say, extremely frequently. The plan was to pace ourselves on drinks (too expensive for more anyway), and park far enough away so I could sober up on the walk. We both presumed that bathroom access after leaving the last bar would not be a concern.

At least, I let her think that, and maybe she felt the same. My suspicion was that I would need to go again before reaching the car. However, my intense pee fetish combined with the buzz to deliver a one-two punch of all but wishing to run into problems myself. For Nicole? She was a big girl and could handle herself. She knew about my interest already, and I promised myself not to be creepy about it if she put on a show against her will.

I had been well into a “frustrated” cycle after feeling excited for a few minutes. My bladder hurt, my feet hurt, and I just wanted to be home. And empty. Whenever I thought she wasn’t looking, I squeezed my dick through my jeans. That second or two of relaxing my hold still made a difference.

“I have to go again too,” she said, “Nobody talks about how much you have to pee when you go drinking!”

Heat flashed to my cheeks. I was shy about bathroom habits to begin with, and apparently had not been sneaky about grabbing myself. She was being an angel about both. I chuckled, sending a spasm through my bladder. “Pretty sure you do.” She was always open about her pee needs, at least with me.

“Well we could all do with talking about it more because I’m supposed to be a lady and I’m about to pop a squat in someone’s alley.”

I shot her a mischievous grin. “Well, if you feel the need, I’m not gonna stop you.”

She squeezed her eyes shut for a moment. “Ugh, I’m not even kidding right now, it’s kind of an emergency.” She had begun sliding her fingertips over the hem of her lacy black cocktail dress. She and I must have differed on the point where desperation became an “emergency” because I had never gotten to see her truly at the end of her rope. Still, I began imagining how her dress hem would handle being sprayed with pee.

We began crossing through a small park, complete with winding paths interspersed with benches, and dense trees all around. Another couple was sitting on the far end, well out of earshot at least if we spoke quietly.

“I’m serious,” she said out of nowhere, stopping to cross her legs and look up at the park’s ornate light poles, “I have to pee like right now and I don’t wanna get arrested.”

She was presumably looking for cameras. There didn’t appear to be any. If I had my way she would have just squatted by a bench and gone through her panties, but I would have preferred to be actually helpful. “I don’t think there are any cameras, and those people won’t care.”

Nicole sucked in air through her teeth, massaging her stomach. “I can’t believe I’m doing this,” she said, “Here, sit with me.” She pointed to the spot next to her. Having me sit with her made it look less suspicious. I pulled out my phone and scrolled, trying not to watch as she prepared to go as discreetly as possible.

Her breathing came through a bit labored, sometimes overcoming the little splatters that hit the ground underneath her. I thought she was trying to control the stream rather than let it out all at once, despite the urge. “I have never peed in public like this before, I swear.”

To an extent I felt bad for her. She was so embarrassed. To me it was an exclamation point on an already excellent night. If one or both of us got a little wet, fine. But that was me. Back in her non-pee-fetish world, it was a scandal. At least she went through with it.

She sighed and grinned as she put herself back together. “So much better,” she said, letting her eyes close again. In the moment the relief must have been worth the risk, and she did not regret the choice. Then a bit of embarrassment hit her again when she saw the extent of the puddle. It had not run back into the plants as she hoped, but forward into the walkway. Thankfully it was an ungodly hour of the night and I was certain nobody would notice or care before it dried.

Standing up with her reminded me of my own need. As a guy in jeans, it would be much tougher for me to pee discreetly. But I did not consider myself in emergency status yet. I had switched back to excitement after her daring park-pee and was more inclined to let her in on my own struggle. “It might be my turn soon,” I said, crossing my legs like she had done. I tried to present a stoic and in-control image in general, but with her, I genuinely did feel safer showing that kind of vulnerability. Plus, the excitement was fading quickly back into fear with the prospect of actually not finding somewhere to pee. My jeans were somewhat light-colored, and although I had wet myself on purpose plenty of times before, I had never done so with an audience. Her reaction was not guaranteed.

My full feeling started ramping up quickly. My body did not even do me the service of challenging my holding muscles any worse– it was more as if my bladder was expanding upward, simply causing more pain than more threat of leakage.

I was full enough and just drunk enough to decide to try letting some out. Success would mean skipping over more frustration and getting back to excitement. I couldn’t at first. Maybe it was just hesitation from her being there, and wearing pale jeans instead of my favorite black, but the thinking part of my brain was absolutely ready. I must have given her very curt answers while privately trying my hardest to let out pee as we walked. I could even explain it away as a real accident, since she already showed that she couldn’t make it, and I made a show that I was not far behind. Still, nothing.

At one point though, she said something funny. The way I laughed made something click for me. The way I breathed out when I started to laugh made my bladder pressure spike, and likewise whatever inner muscle that held my pee relaxed. I tried it again, just a little “ha” under my breath, and pushed. It worked! Perhaps a little too well, because I let out a heavy spurt that I had to cut off again, or else it might have gone on much longer. Yes! Who cared what she would think, that was awesome. I needed to do more.

But, I also was still trying to keep up appearances a little bit. I kept laughing for another few seconds while rubbing the warmth on my thigh. That would definitely show through. The streetlight confirmed it. “Oh my god,” I said, still smiling at her joke and my success, “Stop saying funny things because I just peed some.”

“Oh no! I’m so sorry,” she said, her expression falling into utmost sympathy as she locked onto my wet spot, “We’ll find you somewhere.” She started looking around more urgently. Only buildings and lit streets in every direction.

I held up one hand in a calming gesture while the other stayed between my legs. Not only had I been looking around this whole time, but I was enjoying myself even more than I had been letting on. “It’s okay, really,” I replied, “I think I’m good now.”

It so happened that “good” was highly subjective. My idea of the word meant that since I was already wet, it would be easier to do more. Little leaks came a lot more easily after that.

“Let’s hurry,” she said, adding without thinking, “Before I’ve got to go again.”

I gave a tiny chuckle at that, letting out another leak on purpose. It was becoming clearer she was nothing but sympathetic even as I let her into my gratification. I fucking loved her.

We eventually did reach the parking garage. Deliberate releases or no, I was about at my breaking point. The pain was sharp, and I did not want to drive in such a state. Wetting all the way was out of the question now that we were inside, under multiple cameras. But as hard as it was for me to wet standing up, it was much harder still to do in the car. I would basically have to hold it, and resigned myself to that conclusion. I groaned.

“It’s okay,” she said, “I’ll look up a good place to stop once we get going.”

That was the best plan. I was probably not going to pee anymore in the car, and could keep it together well enough to get to a gas station. It would absolutely suck, though. “Okay,” I said.

“Are you sure?” She asked. “Are you safe to drive?”

“Not really.” I had my eyes closed in my sharp endurance challenge. “I mean, I’m sober now,” I added, “Just not looking forward to driving while having to go like this.”

“Well, I’m definitely not sober enough,” she added, “I’m so sorry!” Wet as I was, she draped her arms around me and leaned her head on my shoulder. “Do you want to keep walking and looking then? I don’t want you to be uncomfortable driving.”

Wetting or no, that sounded better than getting in the car at this point, against all odds. “Okay, but I’m like really trying not to pee more at this point.”

“Me too!” she reassured, giving yet another little curtsy, “We can go together. It’ll make me feel better if we both have to go in a weird place.”

I sighed again, bringing a knee up as I did and nearly falling over, “Okay, but I hope you are ready in case I don’t make it.”

“You’ll make it,” she said, rubbing my back, “And if you don’t, at least you don’t have to worry about your shoes.”

We both looked down at my exposed toes. She said previously that she liked how I always wore flip-flops. We both grew up in Florida and it reminded her of home. I just thought they were cute on almost anyone. Then it dawned on me she was all but talking me into risking a full wetting! We were so close now though, and my existing pee spot was getting cold and itchy. I cupped the head of my dick through my pants and spurted again into my palm. “Let’s make it fast,” I said truthfully. I was having fun, but also was ready for this odyssey to be over.

We did not make it far before she spoke up again. She must have noticed my labored breathing and hunched posture. “It’s okay if you don’t make it, you know,” she said, her voice soft, as if she were talking to her kitten. “There’s no one around and I promise I won’t be grossed out. As you might have guessed I’m not all the way dry down there myself.”

That was hot, but I was too tired and pained to fully process what she said. If I wet now, I was looking at a sloppy walk of shame back to the car, and knowing that she knew that I let it out on purpose. Whatever came over me seemed to compel me to try to hold it now.

She intuited my struggle. “Well I won’t tell you what you should do, but I think you’re being a little ridiculous right now.”

“What?” In my foggy state I truly did not grasp what she was getting at.

“Even if somehow we find a good place to go, you’re already wet enough to say you peed yourself tonight anyway. I wouldn’t judge you if you just went.”

“Mmf,” I said, repeating my knee-up motion from before, “As tempting as the offer is, it’ll be weird to just go.”

“Okay how about we compromise,” she said, crossing her legs again, “Hold it with me for a little while, and if we don’t find somewhere in the next five minutes, we can let it out together. Deal?”

My head swam with the idea that she just proposed indulging one of my all-time greatest fantasies. I started walking with renewed vigor.

After that point, I could have sworn neither of us was looking very hard. Everywhere was either too open, too lit, or ironically, too dark and scary. We settled for a stretch of sidewalk with a bulky van for cover, and far enough from any streetlights to be acceptable.

“Nicky,” I groaned, almost losing my footing while I squirmed. I confessed what I never thought I’d say to anyone, “I really don’t think I can hold it anymore.” I knew I could hold it at least long enough to see what she did with that.

“C’mere,” she said, extending her arms to me, “C’mere, it’s okay. Just go.”

We wrapped each other in a hug again, and I went. I did my breathing technique from before, confident she was not just accepting, but encouraging this time. The pee rushed out of me, loud enough to trill and splash in my crotch before running down both legs.

My euphoria was just weak enough to be broken by her breathing. “I’m going too,” she volunteered, standing still as her pee raced down her bare legs into her flats, “Aah I should have taken my shoes off. I can’t believe we’re doing this.”

I relaxed more deeply into her, causing my fading stream to redouble. “Neither can I,” I chuckled, “But I’m glad we are.”

“Me too.”

We both stood there and continued peeing. She finished before I did, but kept holding onto me until I was well and truly empty. “Ohmigod, I’m so wet,” she said, peeling her flats off and shaking the drops out of them. The wet footprints she left after stepping out of our puddle will surely stay with me. “I told you the flip-flops were a good idea!”

I closed my eyes and laughed until I could hardly breathe, properly relieved for the first time in a few hours and able to see the outrageousness of how this all happened. My own shoes were barely damp enough to notice compared to my disastrously soaked pants, but I took them in hand too in solidarity. “That they were.”

We made the drive home in relative quiet. My jeans were chilly and the car smelled like pee, but as far as I was concerned, that was better than I could have hoped for. Not only did I get to see Nicole, the “proper lady” pee twice, but I got to do a full wetting in front of her too with no negative fallout. It seemed almost greedy to wish for it to happen again someday, but as long as she and I remained such dear friends, she would undoubtedly be back.

*002*2024-07-28 12:30

{{3 hours ago, Duarg said:

Hey. This is REALLY good. Great job! Thank you for making this, I hope you'll write more good stories in the future.

}}

Thank you so much :D Me too. I've taken my writing seriously for many years now but so rarely get a hit lol.

