Bathroom Buddies (A Good Luck Charlie fanfic)

Author: Arnold

*000*2024-11-09 02:17

“Now it’s important to note that not every state chooses it’s electors in the same way,” Mr. Piper tells the class, “The Constitution gives to each state the right to decide for itself how to choose its electors.” As Mr. Piper continues to lecture his senior Civics class on the Electoral College, not everyone seems to be paying attention. “Is there a problem over there, Theodora,” he asks a pretty blonde girl who seems to be squirming in her seat. The whole class giggles at the teacher calling her Theodora. It is, in fact, the girl’s name, but everyone just calls her “Teddy.” Teddy is both pretty and popular and she’s usually a good student as well. But something appears to be distracting her today. “No, sir,” Teddy politely tells her teacher, “No problem.”

“I can guarantee you that this is going to be on the test, young lady,” Mr. Piper then reminds her. Nodding her head, Teddy tries to refocus her attention on the Electoral College.

But for the pretty and popular senior blonde, focusing on her classwork today is easier said than done. Sitting next to Teddy is Ivy – a pretty, full-figured senior brunette. Teddy and Ivy are best friends. “If you have to go, just go,” Ivy whispers to her best friend. But Teddy just shakes her head “no.” And with that, Teddy feels another surge in her bladder as she squirms some more in a bit of a struggle to hold it in. Ivy looks on in concern. She urges Teddy to get a pass from Mr. Piper to go to the girls’ room. But Teddy again just shakes her head “no.”

She mouths to Ivy that she can wait. Ivy just looks at her puzzled. Teddy whispers back that she simply doesn’t want to ask Mr. Piper for a pass. She quickly scribbles Ivy a note and then passes it to her. “Mr. Piper is weird,” the note says, “I think he has some sort of fetish or something for girls going to the bathroom.” Ivy nods her head that she knows what Teddy means. Still she urges Teddy to just get a pass and go. “It’s not worth it if you really have to go that bad,” she tells her friend, “If you really have to go that bad, just go.

Of course, for Ivy – a girl with a bladder the size of an oil tanker, as Teddy describes it – it rarely comes to that. Teddy oftentimes envies Ivy in that her best friend never seems to have to go during class or other inopportune times. For Teddy, though, she’s not quite so lucky. Still, the pretty senior blonde has to consider herself luckier than most. By any account – that is, any account other than a comparison with Ivy – Teddy’s been blessed with a quite ample sized bladder of her own. In fact, she’s a bit taken aback by her current situation. She rarely finds herself needing to go like this during class. Normally, with making sure to go at home before leaving for school, she’s typically perfectly fine until lunchtime. In fact, she and Ivy have made it something of a lunchtime ritual that they go at lunchtime together. And with that, Teddy is typically good for the rest of the day at school – that is, rarely does she have to pee again until the end of the school day.

But today, for whatever reason, the newly minted 18 years old, finds herself in a very different situation. Today, Teddy finds herself continuing to squirm and struggle, now having to pee quite badly. She tries to figure out what she did different today. “Did I drink more coffee or orange juice for breakfast this morning?” she asks herself. But she really has no explanation as to why her bladder seems so unusually full today. She tries not to make it obvious. She tries to sit as normally as possible. But she’s now forced to twist her legs together as she fights to hold it in. And as to focusing on the Electoral College – well, that’s obviously not going to happen now.

Ivy looks on concerned. She urges Teddy once again to just ask Mr. Piper for a pass to the girls’ room. “You look like you’re about to wet your pants,” Ivy whispers to her best friend. Teddy, in turn, just gives Ivy a look. Specifically, it’s the “Don’t be ridiculous, I’m 18 years old and I’m certainly not going to wet my pants” look. But, as the pressure in her bladder continues to grow, Teddy starts to genuinely worry about that. She starts to think that maybe Ivy is right. Maybe she should have just asked for a bathroom pass earlier in the period. But with only 10 minutes left in the period now, Teddy is not about to give in and change course. It’s just 10 minutes until she and Ivy can make their usual lunchtime trip to the girls’ room. She looks at Ivy and points to the clock. And Teddy gives Ivy her best “I’m not a little girl anymore, I can wait 10 minutes without peeing my pants” look.

As the class period winds down, the two of them already have their books and stuff packed away. The final parts of Mr. Piper’s lecture on the Electoral College be damned. They’re both prepared to make a mad dash to the girls’ room at the bell. When the bell comes, Ivy stands and is ready to make a run for it. But Teddy is frozen in her seat – her legs tightly twisted not daring to move for fear of wetting her pants. She feels a few squirts of pee escape, dampening the crotch of her panties a bit. Teddy dreads that wet feeling but she knows that’s nothing compared to what she’s holding back. The poor girl is in a bit of a “Catch-22” situation now. She needs to get to the girls’ room in a hurry before she wets her pants. But she doesn’t dare move because if she untwists her legs now she’s going to wet her pants.

Taking a moment, Teddy gets back in control of herself. And moving as fast as they dare, she and Ivy make their way to the girls’ room. Ivy, like an offensive lineman, clears the way through the halls for her best friend. Teddy feels a few more squirts escape on the way. The front of her panties are not just damp now but outright wet. And the pretty blonde senior can only hope that the crotch of jeans is still dry. There’s little that looks more obvious than pee on denim.

Ivy and Teddy arrive in the girls’ room. It’s crowded as it usually is during a lunch period. Quickly scanning the stalls, Teddy sees a long row of closed stall doors. And she sees that there is already a line for the next few to become open. It seems that their little delay in getting here has proven problematic. Teddy, though, knows that she doesn’t dare wait that long. She knows that the very next spasm from her bladder may very well open the floodgates. She takes a closer look at the very last stall in the row. That’s the stall that has no door on the front for privacy.

Teddy sees that that toilet is unoccupied as it usually is. It’s really not surprising at all, that the girls who waiting are waiting for a stall with some privacy. But Teddy realizes that desperate times call for desperate measures and she knows how desperate she truly is. Though she dreads the mere thought of it, she figures she really has no other choice. She figures that about the only thing worse than using the toilet without much privacy, is wetting your pants – especially as a senior in high school.

Teddy is already undoing her pants as she moves into the open stall. She pulls her jeans and panties down in one fell swoop and unceremoniously slams her shapely behind down on the toilet seat. She grimaces as she sits in something wet. But Teddy isn’t going to worry about that now. She simply lets go and the torrent starts. She starts to pee and no pee that she’s ever done in her eighteen years has every felt this good. It was just like it exploded out of her and now it just keeps flowing. The relief feels so good that she’s momentarily oblivious to the fact that she’s doing it in an open stall with no privacy. Teddy’s pee just keeps flowing and splashing nosily into the toilet water below. “You go, girl,” comes an anonymous voice of admiration from the next stall.

Ivy, as always a loyal friend, promptly moves into position. Turning her back to Teddy for privacy, she takes a position standing where the stall door would normally be. It’s not a good as having a real stall door, but Ivy at least provides Teddy with a little privacy she continues to pee with amazing force. “Have you been practicing, girl,” Ivy tells her, “I don’t think even I can pee like that.”

“You’re going for my record, now,” she adds. Though they’ve never actually had a contest, it’s kind of a running joke amongst their small group of friends that Ivy can seriously “out-pee” them all. And while Teddy is certainly no slouch as to her own bladder capacity, she has never peed anything like this before. As her stream finally starts to slow down a little bit, the senior beauty then gives it a strong push and the river of pee coming out of her intensifies once again. It’s as if she’s just tapped into her reserve tank and she’s now letting that out as well. Teddy is now pushing to get more and more out of her. It’s like after holding it in for so long, the feeling of relief is so great that she doesn’t want it to stop.

Finally, though – that is, FINALLY – it eventually slows to just a trickle and then eventually to nothing at all. As Teddy just sits there on the toilet, taking it all in and enjoying what was, by far, the greatest pee of her life. Ivy resists the urge to applaud. Still, she congratulates Teddy and proclaims it at “the #1 pee of all-time” – topping even herself. “That tops all of my records,” she tells her friend in a congratulatory tone. Teddy, initially embarrassed, takes it all in stride. As she contemplates what has just happened, she’s mostly thankful that she didn’t do all that in her pants.

Eventually, Teddy rolls off some toilet paper to dry herself. She finds that she’s not only wet in the usual place, but there’s a bit of spillage all around it. And there’s a little down her thighs as well. She has to roll off some more to dry herself down there as well. And then some more still to dry off her butt from sitting in what she hoped was only water on the toilet seat and not pee. Realistically, though, Teddy comes to realize that it probably wasn’t just water. And finally she needs even a bit more toilet paper to blot dry the wetness in the crotch of her panties. She’s relieved to discover that it’s no worse than that.

As bad as it almost was, her jeans are still dry. All in all, Teddy couldn’t remember ever having to use so much toilet paper just to pee before. Had she been in a more private stall – that is one with a door in the front for privacy, she probably would have considered taking off her panties and just going like that the rest of the day. But here in a doorless stall as she is, she decides to simply pull up her still quite damp panties and just deal with the wetness the rest of the day. She finds it unpleasant and uncomfortable to say the least – especially as her panties start to get cold and clammy as the day goes on. But still she has to consider herself lucky that she didn’t wet her jeans as well.

Ivy then takes her turn in the stall as Teddy stands guard providing privacy in the absence of the stall door. It’s a mundane, almost disappointing pee after the performance that Teddy just put on. As she wipes and pulls up her pants, Ivy promises that she’ll do better next time. They then wash their hands and wonder what’s for lunch today

