Cutie mark Crusaders Omorashi

Author: animepee1234

*000*2018-01-27 15:41

This story takes place while Scootaloo, Apple Bloom, Sweetie Belle are in class about to take a class. Enjoy ??

"Are you girls ready to take this test today" Apple Bloom said. "Yeah! I'm going to pass" Sweetie Belle said.

Brrrrring Brrrring

"There's the bell let's head to class" Scootaloo said.

They walk into class and sit down

"Ugggh I got to use the bathroom" Sweetie Belle said "Me too" Scootaloo and Apple Bloom said in sync.

All of them raised their hands.

"Yes you three" Ms.Cheerlie said while grabbing the tests.

"Can we use the bathroom" they all said in sync. "After thre test you can" Ms.Cheerlie replied.

Ms.Cheerlie handed out the test and they all began.

An hour or so later.

"Ugggggh" Sweetie Belle sighed quietly. "You can say that again" Apple Bloom said. Scootaloo raised her hand.

"Yes" Ms.Cheerlie said. "Can we please use the bathroom".

"After the test" Ms.Cheerlie said.

"Don't think about peeing or water or dripping water or liquids" Silver Spoon said.

All of the crusaders started to hold their crotch.

5 minutes later

"Uggghhhh I'm about to pee myself" Scootaloo said

"Drip Drip Driiiiip" Sliver Spoon said while chuckling. "No no no no no no" Sweetie Belle said while holding her crotch as a yellow puddle appeared on her chair and started to drip on the floor. "N-n-no" Sweetie Belle said

Apple Bloom shot up and froze as a puddle apperead under her as well. Soon enough the same happened to Scootaloo they all blushed as tears flowed down their cheeks.

THE END

Heres a photo to go with the story

|

|

|

\/

