Bail Me Out - a story for Sam996

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2018-10-14 20:32

This story was a prompt from Sam996 so you can thank him for the idea! Hopefully it delivers as well as he hoped for.

###

The whole thing was stupid really. Chelsea hadn’t even wanted to do the stupid prank. Absolutely nothing about graffitiing her neighbor’s house appealed to her, no matter how uptight and obnoxious the man was. But Brittany had insisted it would be fun and so Chelsea, against her better judgment, listened. Now the two sat in a holding cell, waiting to get their one phone call so they could beg one of their friends to come bail them out.

“This is all your fault,” Chelsea whined morosely. “You’re being over dramatic. I’m just going to call Bill and he’ll come bail us out soon,” Brittany rolled her eyes. “Soon isn’t soon enough Britanny! I have to-“ Chelsea quickly looked around the room then lowered her voice and whispered until brittany’s ear, “you know- I have to go,”.

“Oh my god there’s literally a toilet right there Chels,”

“I can’t use that! It’s all out in the open. Everyone could watch,”

“Then hold it. Just stop complaining. Before you know it we’ll be Scott free, and I swear I won’t harass you to do dumb shit with me for at least another couple days,” Brittany finally told her before one of the guards came over to let Brittany know it was time for her phone call.

Chelsea now sat alone and uneasy. She was clad in black spandex leggings and a short sleeved black tee shirt because it was supposed to be a stealthy outfit. While a great idea at the time, it meant that the cold air of the cell was really getting to her, causing her to shiver. She had also worn a little white thong beneath her leggings to avoid pantylines although she now felt a little silly for doing so. After all of the goal we’re to not be seen then she probably could’ve aimed for comfort instead of style but it was too late to change that now.

It felt as if Brittany were taking forever as Chelsea crossed one leg over the other and began to bounce her leg. When she finally did return, Chelsea was eager for the distraction from her increasing desperation that she felt was beginning to draw suspicious glances. “Have you still not gone?” Brittany asked. When Chelsea shook her head no Brittany balked at her. “Why not? You clearly have to go pretty badly,” Brittany pointed out. “There’s no way I’m going out in the open like that,” Chelsea huffed, even as she began to squirm in her seat. “There’s literally only one other person in here,” Brittany began, pointing to the woman in question on the other side of the cell. “Yes but one person is enough! Plus all the guards can see in here!” Chelsea squeaked. “Geez, it’s really nothing to worry about, let me show you,” Brittany declared, standing up.

Chelsea’s eyes went wide when she realized what her friend was about to do. The already heavy weight of her bladder seemed to increase ten fold as she watched her friend make her way over to the small toilet in the corner. She couldn’t help but stare as Brittany proceeded to pull down her gray jeans and blue panties and plop down on the toilet, sighing a bit in relief as she released her own bladder.

Chelsea simultaneously couldn’t watch and couldn’t look away as the sound of Brittany lightly relieving herself floated towards her ears and the look of Brittany deflating just the slightest bit, exposed to the world as she was, filled her sight. No one else seemed to pay Brittany any mind but the sight was torture for poor Chelsea’s bladder which spasmed in reaction. She yelped and moaned, shoving her hands into her crotch, as a large leak burst out of her bladder. It sailed easily through her thong and was only barely deterred by the spandex, causing the metallic sound of liquid hitting the metal bench beneath her to ring out briefly and the material of her leggings to grow wet and shiny at the crotch.

After Brittany had wiped herself off and pulled back up her pants and underwear she made her way over to Chelsea, she opened her mouth to say something but paused in her tracks when she noticed Chelsea’s state. She decided to change tactics and bent down in front of Chelsea, making the poor desperate girl meet her eyes. “Chelsea, you’re going to have to use the toilet or else you’re going to wet yourself,” she told her gently. “I don’t want ta,” Chelsea responded petulantly. At this, Brittany gave up with a sigh and simply said alright, retaking her seat.

Chelsea suffered through for another ten minutes, getting side eyed looks from both Brittany and her other cell mate whenever she’d leak and let out a little whimper as a result. At that point she could no longer take it and announced as much as she waddled over to the toilet, both hands gripping onto her crotch to hold back the flood. The back of her leggings were noticeably shiny from the leaking she’d done and she’d left a small puddle in her seat. She struggled for a moment while she was trying to remove her garments and relieve herself before finally managing to pull down her wet leggings, giving up on her thong and pissing straight through it into the toilet.

All of the pressure made for a torrent and all of the guards who hadn’t already begun watching Chelsea out of morbid curiosity couldn’t help but look at the source of the loud hissing and splattering noises that came from Chelsea’s relief. They were all so transfixed that they missed another guard bringing in Chelsea and Brittany’s friend Bill to release them with him since he had paid their bail. Bill could only stare as well as Chelsea’s stream finally petered out.

“Thank God,” Chelsea moaned only to bring her eyes up and notice everyone staring at her, including Bill. Her face turned absolutely scarlet and she remained frozen on the toilet for a moment, before finally recovering enough to quickly wipe herself as dry as she could and then pull back up her wet leggings with a wince. The guard who had accompanied Bill awkwardly made his way over to the cell, unlocked it, and gestured for her and Brittany to exit. “You both are uh free to go. Your bail’s been posted,” he told them, cheeks a ruddy red color as he avoided eye contact with Chelsea. If his eyes did dart towards her crotch one or two times, well, no one noticed enough to comment on it.

As Chelsea, Brittany, and Bill made their way out of the police station, Brittany suddenly broke the quiet saying “Ok, maybe I’ll wait a whole two weeks to drag you out to do some dumb shit,”. Although the comment earned her a glare, it also broke some of the tension in the air between the three of them and by the time they were driving back home, the whole event had solidified itself in all of their heads as a memory not to be soon forgotten.

