The Prank

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2017-07-26 23:11

"Bones! Get over here."

Jimmy waved, and turned toward the knot of other children. "What's up, Guys?

"You know how old Crome Dome won't let anybody use the restroom during class," stated Andy, acknowledged, though unofficial leader of the group. "Well, we've got a prank that'll fix him for good. You in?"

"Guess so; what's the prank?" Bones responded, trying to conceal his excitement. He knew all guys in the group -- real in-crowd guys; but he'd never quite been one of them. They didn't exclude him, but they didn't include him either. He was just, well, tolerated. Were the guys really warming up to him now? The thought excited him. He was ready to do anything they asked him to do.

"You know that Friday is the state competency test, and we'll be in class for over an hour and a half, with no bathroom break."

"Yeah, I've been thinking about that. I remember waddling to the restroom after last year's test and praying I'd get there, before losing it."

"I think we've all had damp undies once or twice after Crome Dome's class," offered Roger, provoking some chuckling.

"Here's the plan," broke in Andy, reasserting control. "We're all going to get a good drink before the test. Then, during the test, each of us is going to asked to be excused."

"Crome Dome won't let you," broke in Bones.

"That's right, Bones. Crome Dome won't let us go to the restroom, so we're all going to go in our pants."

"Pee in your pants?" exclaimed Bones, incredulous.

"Keep it down, Bones!" cautioned Andy. "That's right, we're going to pee our pants. When the school board finds out that we all had accidents because old Crome Dome wouldn't let us go to the restroom, they'll fire his sorry ass."

"Bye, bye, Crome Dome," said Billy, grinning, and waving his hand.

"There's girls in the class; what about them?" queried Bones.

"They're in on it, too. They're going to pee, just as we do.

"Really?" returned Bones, tingling at the prospect of seeing all those girls, especially Norma Jean, pee their pants.

"Really. Now, Bones, you can't talk about this to anyone," cautioned Andy.

"Loose lips sink ships," piped up Roger.

"Loose lips get our asses in trouble," asserted Andy. "Now, pay attention. Sarah Barnes is going to ask first, then Roger, then me...." explained Andy.

Anxiously Bones listened for his name. "And, Bones," concluded Andy, you go last, about ten minutes before the end of the period. When old Crome Dome won't let you go to the restroom, then we're all going to pee ourselves. Got it?

"Got it!" declared Bones, tingling all over. He was not only going to be part of the prank, he was going to be the key person, the one to give the signal. Now he was in with the in crowd.

But Bones began to worry. He knew it wasn't easy to pee in your pants. He'd tried it several times, just for fun, to see what it felt like, but he always had to strain just to get a little dribble out. Could he actually pee his pants, and in class, in front of everybody else? He wasn't sure. He would have to practice; and this was Wednesday. He only had two days to practice.

That evening and the next day, Bones practiced peeing his pants. He discovered that Cola made him have to go worse than water did. He also found out that if he got hard with a full bladder, then rubbed himself off, in a few minutes, he could actually start his pee in his pants with little or no straining.

Friday morning, Bones hid two Colas in his back pack. He'd drink them on the school bus. By the time he got to school, he had to go pretty bad, but he held it in. Not yet, he thought, not yet.

He passed Roger in the hall, who gave him a half hidden thumbs up. Bones returned the gesture. Even Norma gave him a knowing wink. Getting hard would be no problem now.

As they filed into Crome Domes classroom, nobody looked at anybody else. Everybody just sat down, and got ready for Crome Dome the start the class. Surrepticiously, Bones slipped his hand into his pocket, and began playing with himself. Not yet, he decided, but I'll be ready.

Right on schedule, Sarah's hand went up. "Mr. Robb, Can I go...?"

"No, Sarah;" Crome Dome interrupted; "You know the rules. Wait until after class."

Every few minutes, up when another hand, and "No!" echoed around the room.

Bones was ready. He had cummed in his under pants about ten minutes ago. He was soft now, and the pee felt like it was right at the tip of his peepee. His clammy undies begged for more wetness.

Tick went the clock. The class had only ten minutes to go. Bones raised his hand, then pulled it down in response to Crome Dome's scowl. He relaxed and waited. He glanced around and saw Andy straining a little. Norma was biting her lip and straining, too. Everything was working perfectly.

Bones gasped a little, as the first drops came out in his underpants. Instinctively, he shut it off. Come on, come on, he urged his bladder. A slow stream began warming his crotch. It stopped, then started again, stronger this time. Bones held his breath, feeling the warm, cozy sensation between his legs and under his bottom. He glanced down, and saw the growing dark stain on his khaki trousers. Wow, Bones thought; I'm doing it! I'm actually doing it.

As his bladder emptied, Bones glanced around. Norma looked about to cry. Andy was holding back a grin, as were several others. In silence, everyone waited.

The bell set everybody to moving at once. Everybody was standing up. Bones stood up too, grinning. Then he noticed that everybody was staring at him, and nobody else had wet pants -- not Norma, not Andy -- nobody.

"Look, Bones peed his pants." This from Patty Timms. Everybody began laughing and pointing and exclaiming the news. Crome Dome's mouth was open wide enough to swallow a softball.

Bones was stunned. What the hell. Then he realized: He was the prank, and everybody was in on it. Bones felt the blood rush to his face. He grabbed himself, only then feeling a warm trickle down his left thigh, as he peed a little more.

"Bones! Get to the nurse right now," shouted Crome Dome angrily, "And wipe up that pee on the floor!"

Bones ran from the classroom, drawing giggles and hoots as he went. He started to cry. How could he ever come to school again?

*003*2017-07-27 18:34

Yes, it was both sad and cruel, which points up the fact that children can be sadistically mean. This story is fiction, but the personalities are found in every Middle and High School. Perhaps Bones will come out okay in the end.

