Faun Tinkle - The girl who never stops needing to pee (and wets alot in a diaper this time)

Author: ashnacamon

*000*2021-02-17 20:44

Hello! I am moving this topic out of omtushu into omorashi general, because although she wears one through most of this story, Faun is not quite a diaper character in my mind, and some wetting occurs even in this story outside of diapers. Since I am trans-posting, I will aslo make a few edits while I'm at it (spelling mistakes, grammatial errors, etc).

+++ ORIGINAL POST +++

This is a shorter fiction with an anthro (with animal head but human-shaped hands and clothes) of similar bladder characteristics to Alice In Wettingland by SomeGirl, hope you all enjoy! (don't forget to upvote if you do)

Faun was a cream lynx with red ears (and other patches), happily working from home as a website technician. She was fairly curvy, rather buxom some would say, and had a quiet disposition. In fact, the only thing that seemed negative on her dating resume was that she was constantly in want of a pee.

This was not just because of a small bladder, or even because of weak bladder control. It wasn’t because of anything like that. Her bladder just plain defied the laws of terrestrial physics. It absolutely refused to stay empty, even for a minute. Whenever she went pee, she always needed to go again a moment later, and she always had a decent amount in there for letting go (though if she held onto it for awhile she would indeed get slowly fuller, eventually wetting herself). Sometimes, she would even pee in impossibly huge amounts, often faster and harder than she could do anything about it. This odd condition had been part of her life as long as she could remember, finally becoming relevant when she flooded a porta-jane and then didn't stop peeing for a few minutes (which eventually won her positive fame throughout her girl scout league). She suspected that it something to do with her parenthood, but since she was an orphan, that was not an explorable option.

One day, Faun happened to be out shopping for party items, thankfully with a short list (“Don't want a repeat of what happened last time, do we?” she had said to her bladder). Despite the apparent lack of danger, she was wearing a super-strength diaper just in case, and had drunk very little (that sometimes helped). At the moment, she was in the cookie isle.

“Hmm, Oreos or Vanilla Wafers?” she debated, “Well, I know Hamilton really likes vanilla, but Cloey...”

“Hey!” her bladder unexpectedly interrupted, “I need to go to the ladie's room, and you'd better head there soon considering.”

“Oh, you ALWAYS have to go to the ladie's room,” Faun contradicted. But she was getting a little fidgety, and she seemed to be filling up rather fast. “A-And besides, I'm wearing a diaper,” she added. She was already crossing her legs rather tightly, and hunching a little. She really needed to pee.

*Bing!* Her phone went off. She checked it, and it was a driving plans reminder. “Traffic conditions seem to be slowing down. Depart within 5 minutes to arrive at Home by 5:15.” Oh boy, she had better head for the checkout now. She had given herself 20 minutes to prepare party ingredients, 10 minutes to change her diaper and probably immediately wet and change it again, then an extra 15 minutes margin in case something went wrong.

“Ohh, time to head home,” she said, “I think I can hold it.” It wasn't that bad, and the filling was slowing down. She could make it. Tiny-tapdancing the whole way, she walked back to the front of the store, and... Twelve people in line at the checkout?! She looked to the left and right. It was the only one open. “Wha..? How..? What is...?”

“They had a breakout of bovid,” the man in front of her said, turning around, “She's the only checkout lady who has breasts big enough to be unaffected by it.” Faun looked around the line at the checkout lady. She was a white rabbit with short brown hair, and did indeed have a quite plentiful bosom, even larger than Faun's. Oh, well, at least...

There was bottled water next to the checkout counter.

She couldn't help thinking about it.

She began to piss.

At first, she was terrified, because after looking at the rabbit's jean shorts (of which she had a pair or two), she thought she was wetting her skirt. Then she remembered -oh, thank goodness – she was wearing a diaper, and feeling the warm pee swirl about her crotch just made her want to piss some more, and... She just let it out. All of it. It was liberating. She moaned with relief.

“Is... something wrong?” The man in front of her turned around again.

“No, it's nothing,” she panted, still peeing, “I just...” He noticed the whizzing sound, and looked down. “I'm wearing a diaper, and I really needed a pee,” she explained. He gave a stoic nod and turned away again. They were now down to 9 people.

By the time it was her turn at the checkout, she was already squirming again, almost to her bewilderment. She had awlays gotten desperate fast, but not that fast. It was usually at least half an hour between needing to pee again and emergency status, but this had only been about 7 minutes. In addition, something about her bladder was feeling different. Almost baby-ish, in a sense. She needed to...

*Pissss.* What?!? She lost control right there at the checkout, and it didn't even feel like enough to make her wet herself under normal conditions. She was incontinent.

“Alright,” the checkout lady said, “There you go, and have a great d... Is something wrong?” She had seen the expression on Faun's face.

“Uh, no. Sorry,” she recovered, “Everything's fine. I just... realized something personal.”

“Oh. Okay,” the lady smiled again, and laughed.

“Bye!” Faun said, then ran for the door, already beginning to feel uncomfortable again. Something about wetting herself in public, about the diaper, about not really caring and maybe even half-liking the situation, something about it all had let something free down south that should have been kept well secured. Thankfully, it did not seem permanent. “But until I take off the diaper,” she thought to herself, “I think I'll have this baby-bladder condition the rest of the way home. I really hope the diaper holds...”

By the time she got in the car, Faun was desperate again, though still resistant to a third wetting. She started the car, and... *Chink!* ...backed right into the shopping cart she had forgotten to put away. Torturously, she returned her car to the parking space, almost crying as she did so. When she got up, she made the mistake of stretching her left leg out the door before her right leg left the seat, thus pinching her bladder into submission. Another full load of warm, sweet piss flowed into the diaper.

“No!” she almost yelled, and clenched to stop the stream. Amazingly, she succeeded, and gave a groan of frustration. But the success did not last for long. As she waddled to put the shopping cart back, the force of stopped pee pushed out a spurt, then another, then another in arbitrary sizes, until finally she just gave up and let whiz inside her diaper. “This has got to stop,” she said, before she began enjoying the warm pool of liquid now forming above the absorbent padding at the bottom of the diaper. She sighed with pleasure, and instantly her bladder refilled almost to the maximum, pissing hard. “No, no, no!” She stopped the flow again, more focused this time, and hobbled with clenched teeth back to the car.

By the time she had reached her apartment, though, Faun was near the end of her strength. Her teeth were still clenched, but her eyes now had a pleading look in them. She had peed herself another 3 times on the way home (she seemed to have better control while driving): Once at a traffic light when she had tried to relax to pass the time (and her urethra presumptuously relaxed quite a bit more than the rest of her did), once when at a second traffic light, she had been trying to distract herself with examining the party list and a car honking from behind had startled her (a short but strong wee, that one), and finally to top it all off someone had thrown a huge bucket of water out in the storm drain right as she arrived on her home street. It looked like they were just finishing an outside activity and were meaning no harm, but watching all that sloshy water pour out on the pavement, flowing down the drain, she couldn't help it.

She started peeing without even knowing it, and had well wet herself by the time she did realize it. Forcefully regained control as she pulled into her house's driveway, she was very confused for a moment, because there was another car parked in front of her garage. Then she remembered: Oh yes, she had called Lola and asked her to decorate (a golden retriever who was good at that). That was Lola's car. Barely stopping the engine, Faun clambered out of her own car, not even thinking about the groceries until she was halfway to the porch, and by then she didn't care. She ran up to the door, and had already reached for her keys, but thankfully checked the doorknob first and discovered that it was already unlocked! Quite hopeful now, she went inside, quickly but somewhat crookedly made her way to her bathroom, and...

*ka-bonk!* The door was locked. From inside, she could hear Lola saying something inquisitive, but she didn't care to listen. She just banged on the door and screamed, “Lola-let-me-in-I-really-need-to-pee!!!”

“I'll be right out!” her friend said, obviously understanding the urgency of the matter, but unable to help. “I'm sorry, I'm half naked!” Faun drew back from the door, her eyes wide. That little bit of early relaxing she had done was catching up to her. She knew she couldn't hold it back: the pee was COMING. Desperately, she did all the subtle mental and physical tricks she had discovered over the years that would maybe slow her bladder's magical ability to generate pee, but it wasn't enough. She would overflow onto the carpet.

“Please hold,” she said to her almost flooded diaper, just as her pee started. It came slowly at first, then began to speed up as she lost more reserve. Those few seconds waiting for Lola seemed forever. The diaper was about 95% full. 98%. 99%...

*Click* The door unlocked and Lola came out, sports bra dawned over her magnificent baps but shirt and jacket still inside the bathroom. “Sorry!” she said again as Faun swerved by her with expert balance of a last die-hard effort to keep the pee from spilling, slam-locked the door behind her in one motion, nearly-ripped the diaper to her ankles and thumped down on the toilet before it had even fallen all the way down her legs. As soon as the diaper was off and away from her crotch, her normal urethral control immediately returned, but exactly what happened to the pee balance was confusing: she stopped peeing, but her bladder began aching horribly. “Ahh, rrh, uhhh-hu-aaa,” she moaned as she began peeing again. It felt like all the world's oceans being taken off her bladder, and she LET IT GO!

At first she was just pissing hard against the toilet front, then as she relaxed a little more she began peeing at superhiman strength. Then gradually she fully relaxed, and THEN... She was letting free a HUGE spray that went through the crack between the toilet seat and the bowl enough to wet the opposing wall, and a little actually went upward out of the bowl, enough to sprinkle on Lola's jacket. If Faun eventually finished her waterfall, the jacket would be well wetted down, and in need of a washing.

Faun didn't even care, she just went right on pissing. It felt so good to piss,

...and unbeknownst to her, Lola was having fun thoroughly wetting her own jeans outside the bathroom door.

The end

*001*2021-02-19 13:44

So, I've been thinking about Lola alot, and I've not fully decided if I should do a sequel that explains how Lola and Faun became friends, or just have a separate story altogether with Lola or Lola-like character but without Faun.

The idea of one of those curly haired pointy nosed dog breeds being able to pee in trememdous amounts has been around for awhile, though not always anthro (like, the dog was normal shape but maybe could talk, and their owner could pee just as much as they did), so I think I will write something, just not sure what yet...

Spoiler

The current plan: Lola (or AKA Lola) produces pee at a prodigious rate, but her bladder is also made of iron, so she actually gets desperate only slightly faster than an average person. She cannot pee very much faster than a normal person, though, and so it takes her ahwile to empty the contents of her bladder (though she can still pee pretty fast).

Spoiler

Fun BTS fact: I actually imagined Faun as a non-anthro when writing this story at some points. She looked like the daughter in the remake of Freaky Friday.

Another fun BTS fact: Lola's original character was a cocker spaniel (fur alot like a GR, but mostly white with brown patches).

*002*2022-01-05 04:11

For those of you who may be wondering, I did start a prequel! (Search for the hyper peeing tag).

