Key to the Water Closet Part 1: Tales of the DiMeo Clan

Author: AliasnameTO

*000*2016-10-13 16:27

This story (anthology, really) assailed my brain while I was awake in bed following a long work shift. It draws inspiration from all kinds of sources (about 1% of which is true, I'll let you guess :p) and I hope there's enough support for a more focused part 2. Skip ahead to the dashed line if you want to cut the background fluff. Otherwise enjoy. :D

Key to the Water Closet

Part 1: Tales of the DiMeo Clan

The plans made while walking home from the bus stop that day concluded one of the better first weeks of school. It turned out that Frankie DiMeo, “Key” for short, had joined the same after-school club as I did.

Frankie had a tan and slim build, with a dirty blonde mop of hair. He was in seventh grade, one year behind me. Despite that he lived about a mile away, I hadn't seen much of him in the previous few years. We were pretty good friends in elementary school, but just sort of parted ways about two summers ago. That was poised to change. I was the only one he knew in the club, so naturally he clung to me there like dripping wet cloth to skin.

The thing about being friends with Key was the way he treated bladder needs. In my family, using the bathroom was one's personal business, hidden away and talked about only when necessary. In his, though, at least among the kids, sharing pee experiences was about on par with eating or sleeping. Going a step further, it was practically a bonding activity.

That may have been because of how big a family shared his house. Granted, it was a spacious one, thanks to their father's successful custom boat building business. But including the parents, there were seven people living there. And because their energetic kindness exceeded even their affluence, they had a constant flow of friends over. No one deliberately exposed themselves, but beyond that, privacy never seemed like a big concern.

Being the second-youngest of the siblings, Key may have fostered his nonchalance about pee topics thanks to his older brothers and sisters. I don't remember hearing them talk about number two, but as far as the former went, they all had stories they liberally recalled.

###

The oldest was Tony. He was tall and thin, with the curly black hair and sharp nose marking him as his father's son. He had just entered his last year of high school, and spent a lot of time helping his dad at work. I got to see the workshop one time while Key and I needed someone to watch us for the day. They had given me the tour, and while it was cool to see all the machinery that went into shaping boat hulls and the other hardware, it was open to the air and hot as heck. I drank tons of water from the cooler to stave off the heat, and hadn't found the bathroom.

After a few hours it got difficult to hold on, but being brought up in the “private business” household, I was shy and tried not to let on I had a problem. Key went off on his own to do something else, probably bored out of his mind too. I waited, begging the clock to turn and taking more and more chances with squeezing myself. I thought no one could see me, but Tony eventually noticed. I looked at him, pretending I was a nine-year-old who could hold it forever instead one with quivering legs and pee trickling in his briefs.

“You have to go potty?” he asked, loudly enough for Key to hear. They sometimes liked to call it “going potty” like little kids. A blush overtook me, but the jig was up. I nodded. “Why didn't you tell someone you had to go? I kinda have to also. Bathroom's this way.”

He led me through the steel building towards the loading dock. There was no bathroom in sight. He stopped at the precipice where the truck ramp ended, pointing to the drain which ran across the width at the bottom. “Our trucks are the only ones who come this way, so no one can see us taking leaks off the dock.” He unzipped and let loose a yellow stream, turning it up to make a high arc and watching the splatters rejoin on the way down. My panic became obvious while fumbling with my zipper because I got so close to spraying my pants. But he paid no attention to my distress while he shook his last drops into the drain, merely complimenting the fact that my pale jet went nearly as far as his. While talking with Key shortly before we got to leave, he told me he had to go potty. He had me accompany him to add a fresh wet track next to our two faded ones.

The next oldest, as a junior in high school, was Gemma. She shared her dad's stocky physique, but otherwise looked more like her mom thanks to the blonde hair and blue eyes. Maybe she and I had personalities that were just too different, but I never really enjoyed her company like I did the others. She was a great storyteller, so I sat with concerted interest when we were both part of a group.

I remember at a party one time where she told a bunch of us, including Key and myself sitting next to each other, about sharing a bottle of liquor during a game of truth or dare with her high school friends. Apparently, alcohol makes you pee, and care less about how or where you do it. So for someone who already did not care that much, it was a perfect combination. Someone dared her to wet her pants on the roof outside her bedroom window.

She told us how she was pretty drunk and squeezing her legs, but said, “Hell no, these are my good pants!” Before the person daring could insist, she offered to do the lesser dare of taking her jeans off and going in her panties. I perked up doubly upon hearing that. Combining my secret excitement for pee stories with a high school girl talking about being in her underwear got my heart thumping. It was dark, the house was on a quiet street, and her parents were entertaining downstairs so would not find out. There was no way she was going to back down.

She recreated the rebellious face she made while pulling her pants off in front of everybody like it was no big deal. Two people there helped her get out the window, because even being drunk minors, they knew it was a stupid idea. But while they held her on either side, she sat on the shingles with her legs open until pee splashed loudly, making a waterfall from her pink boy shorts and running into the gutter. She finished the stunt by fastening her jeans right over the panties which still sported a peaked wet streak. Everyone got a good laugh out of going out front and seeing the moonlit pee puddle at the end of the downspout. I think she won that game.

The middle child was Cassie, only a few years older than I. She looked like Tony, being rail-thin with straight black hair and a prominent nose. She was probably the shyest of the five kids, or at least the quietest. I nursed an intermittent crush on her even though she was still too old for me, let alone that I had no idea how to ask out a girl. Even with her being a reserved intellectual, I still remember a story involving her.

One weekend not too long ago, Key had invited me to go fishing with his family. I had only seen their 41-foot fishing yacht in pictures, so gobbled up the chance. In the back of my mind, the DiMeo kids' pee freedom resurfaced. A serious fishing trip would take all day. For a little while my family had a boat. A much smaller one, but it did have a modest cabin with a microscopic toilet inside. On their yacht, which was extravagant by comparison, the facilities would certainly be nicer.

When the time came to board, I ended up being half right. It blew away my expectations on the inside, from the stateroom in the bow to the fishing deck in the back, and everything in between. But as luck would have it, the bathroom didn't work! Tony and his dad were building a bigger yacht as a side-project for themselves. But for now they had this one, with its age and all. Apparently the space itself did work, meaning a door to close. It was the toilet itself that had the quirks. “Solid waste” was a problem that needed some creativity. But pee we could do normally. Darn! My scarcely-imagined pee fantasies disintegrated.

I busied myself helping to fish, as we had plenty of hits on the lines. Something else yanked my attention away during a calm moment. Cassie held onto her floppy hat and muttered the interruption to Gemma, “Hold on, I have to go pee.” She adjusted her turquoise cover up and denim short-shorts and descended into the cabin. I had to scramble to recover my balance when a wave tossed the boat for looking at her. Not even including her need to pee, since when has she been this stunning? I had only begun to picture the scenario of her parting her cute beachwear to pee, not caring that my arousal was hard to hide in swim trunks. But a moment later, she came back up with a knotted brow.

“That was quick,” Gemma commented.

“I didn't go. Mom's in there!” Cassie cried, gripping the hem of her shirt with both hands for emphasis. Other than the boys tending to the rods, her vexation got everyone's eyes on her. I don't think she had to go that bad, but getting her hopes up and having to wait probably played a role. Beaded anklets bounced up and down with her freckled ankles, the rhythm adding to the one from the rise and fall of the waves. The water's lapping against the gunwales surely made it no easier.

Her mom was taking forever even as I saw it. Cassie had drawn up her knees in the back corner seat for the long haul, the direct sunlight bringing out the incandescence of her white shins and feet. The run of fish had started to die down too, so there was even less to take her mind off the increasing urge. She jiggled and crossed her legs one way before the other, sighing a lot and even moaning a few times. Everyone seemed to lose interest while her show intensified, which forced discretion when I wanted to stare transfixed. When she leaned forward and pressed a palm into her crotch, Key pointed, saying in singsong, “Cas-sie has to go pot-ty!”

She whipped off her hat to pop him with it and said “Shut up!” while laughing with him. Still, she did not take the teasing for long. When her dad went up to the bridge to drive, that was her chance. She said, “Screw it” and stood up again. Wary footsteps carried her to the railing. She slipped through, locking her elbow around the bar while wiggling out of her shorts. A white bikini covered her underneath. To be comfortable sitting over the water meant sliding the shorts down to her knees. Her hat brim failed to hide the mischievous nibble of her lip when a column of pee hit the water with the sound of a faucet. Gemma congratulated her decision, but then pointed in alarm to another boat not too far in the distance. She warned, “Uh, there's people right there.”

Cassie flinched and said, “Shit,” grappling with her shorts and trying to cut the flow. Gemma had told the truth; who knew if they were watching, but the deck of the other boat held a number of eyes. Cassie's willingness to pee in front of people did not quite extend to strangers on the ocean. She slipped back through the rail and finished buttoning her shorts, squeezing her crotch tightly afterward.

Tony took notice again when she withdrew her hands. “Nice, Cass,” he said. Around the gusset of her jean shorts had blossomed a big dark patch, further decorated by a couple drops shining on the inside of her thighs.

“Well, I couldn't stop that fast,” she confessed, with her hands on her hips to frame the damage. I thought she would be mortified, but her grin returned. “At least I was almost done anyway.” She undid the button again to inspect her bikini, finding a lot of yellow. Her mom emerged to a chorus of laughs at the same time and saw what happened. When she said, “So sorry, baby,” and offered her daughter a hug for the trouble, I had seen the extent of the fuss about it from anyone.

Being the youngest at only six years, Key's little brother Angelo had only a single occurrence I can remember. I was hanging out with Key at his house when Angelo and his mom returned from a trip in the rain. It had not been raining that hard, as evidenced by the spotty coverage on their clothes. Ange's pants were fairly soaked, though. I was upstairs but heard faintly when his mom asked him, “Did you go potty in your pants?” He said no, but they went back and forth until he offered the explanation of stomping in puddles that got them wetter than his top half.

He came up with us some time later, still wet. When I asked him if he had fun in the puddles, he got a goofy smile on his face and told Key and me, “Yeah, but I also peed in them on purpose.”

Key waved him away, saying, “Get those pissy pants out of here, you whizzer!” He ran away giggling and shrieking with glee. That rat! He was still little enough to get away with stomping in puddles as a cover story for going in his pants in the rain. He even said he did it on purpose, seeming to enjoy it as much as his brothers and sisters.

The one I remember most about Key himself only happened later.

