Conception II Inspired Story, Desperation to save the world?

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2016-07-22 17:02

Faust apologies for the delays in other stories, but Faust assures you he is working on them! Faust just had a strange, sudden burst of inspiration...Based on one of his favorite games!

Faust has tinkered with more than a few things, and Faust can assure you that the game is not the same as Faust's stories will be.....But, Faust hopes that it garners the eyes of at least a few. But, for now...Faust has other places he needs to visit, so Faust will leave you all with this! Faust hopes you enjoy~

And Faust does not own the rights or anything to Conception II. He just bought the game a lot of times.

[Conception II-Desperation to Save the World? Chapter 1]

It had been an...interesting morning. Faust woke up on a boat, Yuno and Youmu pacing around it with several other students, as he glanced at the back of his right hand.

"Hard to imagine..." he started quietly, closing his eyes. "This weird brand appeared on the back of our hands...And suddenly, we were pulled to the principal's office.."

They said it was some kind of brand, that only appeared on certain individuals. The 'Mark of the Star God.' And, to their surprise, anyone who was found to develop this brand was forcibly enrolled in 'The Academy.'

"And apparently, a boat is the only proper way to get to it..." Faust grumbled, starting out of his cabin, and moving out towards the deck of the boat.

"Morning, Faust." Yuno's voice called out, with a small chuckle. "If Faust had slept an hour longer, Yuno would have had to go wake him up, personally.."

"'Morning..'..." Faust uttered, glancing over the ocean...and seeing the boat coming into an island. "Are we..finally here?"

"Yuno thinks so!" the pinkette mused, grinning. "Yuno's been curious what kind of academy this is..."

"Ohhh..I just hope we get there soon.." Youmu's voice called, the girl lightly quivering as she moved to the front of the boat. "I've been...waiting all night, and...."

"Ahaha...Well..It doesn't look like it'll take too long." Faust assured, trying to avert his gaze politely.

"Yuno told Youmu she could use her bathroom instead.." the pinkette called, Youmu shaking her head.

"No, no...I'll be fine." Youmu's voice shakily called, lightly crossing her legs. "We're not too much further. I...I think I can handle it."

"I hope so.." Faust called, idly pacing around the boat some more...before eventually....

"Passengers! Please make sure you get off of the boat only in the designated area!" a voice over the PA called, as people started to gesture them out. "We wouldn't want anyone to fall in the water.."

Faust weighed the pros and cons of trying to dive into the water and swim back to his own home....And deemed his stamina far too insufficent given the time they had spent on a boat.

"I guess this'll just be my life now." Faust stated, starting off of the boat with the other students....and noticing Youmu quivering even more than before.

"Yuno's getting concerned about Youmu.." the pinkette called to the silverette, who lightly shook her head.

"I..I'm f..F..Fine." Youmu's voice stammered, staggering forward a bit. "I'll just..It's gotta be.."

"EEEEEEYAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!'

"Ah?! Who was.." Yuno's voice called, as Youmu and Faust's heads snapped to attention...and they darted in the direction of it.

"What the...What the hell is that?" Faust's voice called, seeing a pink haired girl with twintails...and what looked like a strange amalgomation of shadows.

"It's...a monster." Youmu's voice called, reaching into her bag..and pulling out something he had no idea she owned.

"W..wait, when did you own a Katana?" Faust called, as the girl stood up, her hand starting to draw the blade.

"I've always owned one." the silverette called, holding it up. "But, can't really swing it around in our town. With these monsters though...I see what Penny meant.."

"Ah..? Penny...?"

"Look, I'll explain later! Just..keep an eye on the girl." Youmu called, directing him towards the girl. "I...I don't know why, but I think i can take em.."

"O..okay." Faust called, watching the silverette slowly approach the shadowy monsters....and leaping into combat. His eyes had trouble keeping up with her own movements as she unleashed a flurry of strikes.....

And, while Faust helped the new girl to her feet and stood to guard her....Youmu was able to finally end things with a vertical slash between the monster's eyes.

"Phew...Are you okay?" Youmu called back to the girl, who nodded.

"Y..yes. Thank you two.." the girl called, shyly. "I...When I tried to fight them, my attacks didn't do anything..But, you just.."

"Ah...Let's just get to safety first. Exposition later." Faust interjected, as Yuno arrived on the scene. "We don't want to be late for our first day...."

"Oh...R...Right." the girl called, brushing the hair out of her eyes. "I'm Fuuko, by the way."

"I'm Faust." he introduced, pointing. "They're my friends Yuno, and Youmu."

"Nice to meet you.." Youmu called with a small wave, as Yuno paced over.

"Yuno was very impressed with that, Youmu!" the more familiar pinkette called, eyes sparkling a bit. "Yuno was worried, since you said you had to go so bad...But, you fought them off very well!"

Faust could see a Wince on Youmu's face, but it quickly passed.

"I...I just feel like I can handle it now.." Youmu called, gesturing. "N..Now come on. We have to...get to the academy soon..right?"

"Right.." Faust called, starting to head towards the large building in what he hoped was the center of the island...The group making small talk as they eventually came up on the school...an older woman with light purple hair in a bun, a tight shiny dress, and what Faust heard Yuno call 'Much too big breasts' under her breath.

"Hello..." the woman called, in an icy, stern tone. "You're all late...I Hope you have an explanation."

Faust winced a bit at the woman's cold gaze, noticing Youmu suddenly shudder wildly with her hands buried in her skirt.

"There was a monster.." Fuuko piped up quickly. "If...If Youmu here hadn't come to save.."

"A likely story.." The woman called in the same level tone, glancing over the shivering silverette. "Everyone knows the monsters can only be fought off by the most trained warriors...And those with a special.."

"N..No, it's true." Faust interjected. "We just heard Fuuko scream, and when we came to it, Youmu.."

"A...Awah....C..can we...Get into the school first?" Youmu whimpered, looking up at the woman. "I....I really..really need to.."

"You have one final test." The woman called, looking over the girl, and then to Faust. "We have to determine your capability to succeed in this academy. Which we do....via a special test."

"B..But I can't hold it anymore!" Youmu practically YELLED, the woman looking back at her...and then to Faust again.

"You say it was a monster.." the woman called, starting over to him and putting her...'assets', dangerously close to his face. "Was this monster physical, or..."

"I..Er..ah.." Faust flushed a bit, averting his eyes from the woman's bosom. "It was..weird. Kind of like..a bunch of shadows...Fused together. And then.."

"A..Ahh...Ahhhh!!!!"

Everyone's attention suddenly turned to Youmu, who'd face blushed bright red...as a few ps..Psssshhhhhhhes started to ring out, and the front of her skirt considerably dampened. Faust blushed deeply, the purple haired woman merely glaring coldly...As Youmu started to sink to her knees, a clear puddle starting to gusssssssssh through her garments, and pooling under her legs. Youmu panted, gasped, and whimpered softly...Shivering a bit.

"I see..." the woman called, looking over the puddle..and then back to Faust. "Well, I think I'll accept your excuse. But, we still need to test you all. Miss Youmu, I'm sorry, but there's no time for you to change until we get there. So, you'll have to deal with wet clothes."

"I..It's okay. I'm..kind of used to it." Youmu admitted sheepishly, as Fuuko helped her to her feet..and they followed the woman in an awkward silence. They passed through the halls, through a small area that resembled a shopping district....and, even a brilliant church.

'Wow, they really just wanted to have all their bases covered, didn't they?' Faust thought, before the woman finally turned back to them..Narrowly dodging Faust's face bouncing into her bosom.

"Alright, we're here." the woman called, opening the door. "Proceed through this hall, and we'll be able to begin your examinations.."

"O..okay." Faust called quietly, as the group quietly went through it...Coming up on a strange labratory with a brown haired woman with glasses.

"Ahh..You must be the last batch of students.." the woman called, pressing her glasses up. "I am Dr. Vahlen. Head of Research and development here. Though, we....."

"Stand down, Vahlen." The purple haired woman called, pacing by the group. "You can spare them the usual spiel. We've got something more...interesting to investigate."

"Chief Ruby.." the doctor called, before glancing at Youmu...and then at Faust. "Are you talking about....The accident she's had?"

"Yes.." the woman replied, prompting another blush from Youmu. "They said they combated a monster here...But.."

"Right..." Vahlen replied, tapping her clipboard. "Well, I presume you all know why you were all brought here.."

"No." Faust called flatly, the Doctor glaring at him...But then shaking her head.

"Well, the Brand on the back of your hands.." the Doctor called, slightly more terse. "Marks you as one chosen by the 'Star God.' Those under his blessing are able to generate what's called 'Star Energy.' in Females, and 'Ether' in Males. In Theory, combining the two would permit us to fight off the monsters that have been appearing from the various circles on this island."

"It's only a Theory though, given our batch of Subjects." Ruby called, letting out a sigh. "We have a ranking system for students based on their Star energy, and Ether count...But, we've rarely had anyone so much as above a B rank. An A rank is rarer....And above that is such a small margin.....Nevermind.. We'll discuss this after your tests."

"Ah...." Faust remarked, quietly. "So...What do we have to do?"

"Oh, there's nothing to it, really." The Doctor called, tapping her glasses. "We just need the girls over here...And the boys...Er..Boy, over here."

The woman gestured at some strange looking chairs...with what looked like a case that would come down on, and cover their heads. The boy was hesitant....But, watching the others take their seats....

"Alrighty.." Faust called nervously, as the cases covered his head. For a few moments, he felt his eyes closing...And the world around him seeming to shimmer, and explode in a sort of brilliant glow. Imagery filled his mind, of the girls he knew in the past....Of girls he'd never met before, and even women that looked like he'd see in the future. For a few passing minutes, he felt overwhelmed...before suddenly it all stopped....

And, when the case lifted off his head, he saw the silverette starting to stand up from her seat.

"Youmu Konpaku.." Ruby called, gesturing at Vahlen. "As suspected...She's definitely one we've been looking for. Her latent star energy's above an B Rank...Maybe even above an A rank.."

"Wh..what was all of tha.." Youmu's voice weakly called, with a light blush. "So much watery imagery..and..and.."

"It was a test.." Vahlen called, prompting Faust to look at the other girls. Legs started to cross over one another, hands lightly trembled...and he could see them quivering in their seats. He was certain that they hadn't any sort of urge beforehand, but...

"A..test..?" Youmu uttered, lightly. "It was.."

"Yes.." Vahlen interrupted again, tapping at her clipboard. "The part of the body that generates star energy in girls seems to be directly related to their bladders....So, in order to properly gauge your energy, we have to...agitate your bladder into feeling it's at it's full capacity."

"Y..you mean.." Youmu blushed, glancing down at her skirt.

"Relax, Konpaku." Ruby mused, with a small smile he hadn't expected. "It only simulates a full bladder. You didn't wet yourself again."

"But, that's because this is just a test." Vahlen called, going over her readings. "And, despite the two pools being related, it appears the size of the bladder doesn't matter when it comes to the quality of star energy. So, even though you have a much smaller bladder than the average girl, your star energy is far more potent..."

"D..don't say that so readily.." Youmu uttered in a meek tone, glancing over at him..and then the other girls. Fuuko was rocking back and forth in her seat quickly, while Yuno had both of her hands squeezing herself tightly. A few more agonizing moments passed, before the case lifted off of the twintailed pinkette.

"A..Ah..!! B..bathroom..!" Fuuko's voice quickly stammered out, as Ruby placed her hands on the girl's shoulders.

"You're fine." the woman called sternly, Fuuko's panicked expression..suddenly shifting, and pausing.

"O.Oh...So I am." The girl called, suddenly straightening her posture. "S...so..wh..what was that..?"

"Fascinating..." Vahlen called, tapping at another set of results. "Her control is a bit to be desired, but her own energy also has the same level of density and quality. Chief Ruby, we might be looking at another S rank.."

"Oh..? That's very good news.." the chief called, with a wider smile. "Two S ranks...Quite the haul from these delinquents. As soon as Yuno and Faust are done..."

"Erm...Did I do something wrong..?" Faust called, waving his hands at the two. Youmu Blushed deeply at this, the women looking at him with a quiet, judgemental stare.

"Chief Ruby..." the Doctor called, as Yuno WRITHED, Shuddered, and groaned LOUDLY, looking like she was in agony. Faust tried very hard to not glance at the girl as the women looked over him, and at their own computers...typing it out.

"He's..but boys are.."

"Have we ever.."

"And Ether's.."

"Umm..What's going on..?" Faust called out quietly, before seeing the pinkette lift up her skirt to her chest, bright pink panties covering her most personal area. A small bow could be seen just below the waistband, and before Faust could avert his gaze, a small shining spot could be seen forming on the crotch of them. The boy blushed brightly at this, before a loud explosion suddenly rang out...The case lifting off of Yuno, and the women looking at the two dumbfounded.

"Yuno's P...P..Pee..." The pinkette whimpered...before glancing around at the others, and blushing. She put her skirt down at this, and suddenly seeemd very interested in the tile floor as Ruby and Vahlen spoke among themselves.

"She actually.."

"But also.."

"You think..?"

"Erm...what are you going on ab.." Faust started, before the two suddenly turned back to them.

"Well, Miss Yuno is...no surprise at this point, An S rank for sure. Most girls reach their breaking point before actually inducing an accident, but it seems we've got someone who can push herself even further than the others.."

Yuno's face blushed redder than ever, refusing to meet anyone's gaze as the scientist moved over to Faust, kneeling over.

"And..as for Faustus...." the Doctor called, glancing back at her computers. "Well..Before I give you results...I should mention that the male's Ether count is...determined and generated by something else entirely. While the females energy is related to the bladder, the male's Ether is....Well, I don't suppose I should have to go into too much detail, given the general location of these parts."

It took the boy a bit to catch what she meant...before her gaze lowered to his waist. The boy blushed, glancing to the side.

"The Male's Ether count is usually related to the level of...enticement they manifest. This energy tends to escape the male through the various poes on the boy's skin, and creates a small 'Aura' around them. For most males, their ether count is about 50 or so, and is barely noticeable without close proximity. Kind of like a person's...'Musk', or scent. With a higher count, this can be physically seen, if willed strongly enough. It takes about Five times the normal ether count to manifest it conciously...Which is something we've only had once before."

"I...I see.." Faust called, weakly. "And...Is it just..a glow..?"

"No." The Doctor called, standing back up. "The presence of a male's ether can meld with a girl's Star Energy, in order to create a special energy that is used to counteract the powers of Monsters. Without one component or the other, attacks will simply pass through the monster's shadowy bodies...And, the monster will be unharmed. In order to counteract this, we had to develop weapons for our soliders to use that can meld with their own energies. Ether-simulators for Girls, and Star energy augmentors for males. However, we've had....unsatisfactory results in a cost to benefit ratio..."

"A..Ah.." Faust called, feeling more than a bit overwhelmed. "So...It's hard to really fight back, as it is? Is it the lack of Ether, or Star energy?"

"It's the quality that's in question." the Doctor expositioned some more, waving a hand. "We can create some Ether, and Star energy..But, it's very finite. Like a battery, that needs changing every so often. And, even with this...We can't go into the monster's hideout."

"Why not?" Fuuko chimed in, the woman pausing..as the Chief moved over.

"Because the monster's own energy cannibalizes Ether, and star energy...When they're seperate." the Chief called. "With low-quality weapons, ether, and Star energy....We can barely even fight the monsters on the surface. A male without their star energy, or a girl with drained ether faces a great risk. And, since the majority of our students don't have the quantity nor quality of energy to fight...Our few A ranks and such are left to be used like batteries. Stimulating the Star energy or Ether, and then displacing it into our devices. A....tough thing to ask of students.."

"So...you make them hold it in for long periods of time.." Youmu started, blushing a bit. "And then...extract the energy when they're so desperate they can't handle it...So you can use it to fuel weapons to fight off monsters?"

"More to less." Ruby mused, with a small grin. "However...With the latest batch of students we've obtained..We've seriously amped up the quality of students to draw energy from. And...Well, Doctor..."

The brown haired woman pressed up her glasses at this, moving back towards Faust with a small grin.

"We have discovered something..most interesting." the woman called, gesturing at Faust. "You see, the male's test...While being meant to stimulate the male's capacity...Also takes much longer than the girl's, because of the mind having to regulate how much energy is...expelled. Usually, the image training will stretch you to your limits, and see how long it can keep you there...Until you're writhing much like Gasai and the others were."

A small medley of blushes filled the room, as Vahlen leaned down close to him.

"However...Your case was..exceptional." The woman mused, a scary twinkle in her eyes. "The device was unable to measure your capacity...And broke trying to invoke this. As if you were filling a water balloon, and it burst."

"It...wait...what?"

"She means, it was trying to gauge your Ether count, but you had too much." Ruby shortened, with a smile. "The highest number we had this calibrated for is 1500....So, with your Ether count exceeding that...."

"We can develop a whole new sort of study on what ether and Star energy can do." Vahlen completed, with a glee. "Perhaps, with your considerably exceptional quantity of Ether, and our A and S ranks quality of Star energy...We may even be able to..."

"To...what..?" Faust stated, as the Doctor turned again, looking rather peeved at being interrupted..but then shaking her head.

"We may be able to fight back against the monsters." She mused, with a wag of her finger. "You've seen the effects, haven't you? Allowing your friend to endure her bladder for a time, and combat the monsters. Didn't you find it odd?"

"A...A bit.." Faust replied sheepishly, thinking back to Youmu cutting through the monster.

"That was because your body was generating Ether, even then." The woman mused, lightly booping his nose with her finger. "And, given your friend was holding a lot of liquid...Her own star energy was stimulated by your Ether...And, she could fight them. And, if that is what happened, with Miss Yuno's quality of control with her own energy...Coupled with Miss Fuuko's own density... We'll have lots of examples to mesh with your Ether to produce effects! We may be able to save this world yet!"

"Wait..So, you're saying the fate of the world is dependent on us fighting back these monsters?" Faust snapped, lightly. "Is..Is that why we got forcibly enrolled?!"

"Yes." Ruby answered bluntly, waving her hand. "You were all chosen by the Star god for some reason..And, as we see here...It seems to be because of your talents. With all of you...We'll be able to work on things immediately...."

"Don't think that'll get you out of lessons though." The Doctor called, with a chuckle. "You still will have classes and such, between tests. We'll have to message you when we go to fight off the monsters. But, don't worry, we've provided a nice lodging for you all to reside in, as is custom."

"Oh..that's neat." Yuno replied lightly, as Vahlen looked more than a touch enthused.

"Mm. We'll tend to just about any need you will all have." Ruby called, with a small grin. "Food, water, recreation, the like. You will just all have to co-operate when it comes to fighting off monsters, and the like."

"Do we really have a choice?" Faust deadpanned, lightly shaking his head. "We'll do it, of course. I mean, what's the worst you could have us do?"

"That's the spirit." Ruby mused, pulling out a phone, and flipping it open. "Head Priest? Yeah, we've got a situation you'll want to be aware of. Some new students with..a lot of potential."

Faust couldn't hear anything on the other end, as he heard the woman chuckling.

"Ohh, you'll be surprised." The woman mused, closing her phone. "Now, speaking of...Miss Youmu, Miss Fuuko, you two will be escorted to your dorms now."

"A..Ah..okay.." Fuuko called, lightly fidgeting.

"A..Ah..What about Yuno and Faust?" Youmu asked, the woman brushing her question aside.

"They have something else to do." Ruby mused, pushing them out. "Vahlen, if you please.."

"Yes, Chief Ruby." Vahlen called, gesturing at the two to stand up. "Now...If you'll follow me, I'll be taking you to our church."

"What are we going to do at the church?" Yuno asked, the woman chuckling a bit...As she walked.

"Ohhh, just a little ritual we want to test." the Scientist called, as they paced through the area....And, came face to face with an older man.

"Ah..Are these two the subjects that sparked interest?" the man called, Vahlen nodding.

"Yes." she stated, with a small smile. "These two are part of our latest batch..and they're of high quality. We're almost positive we'll have better results this time."

"Oh, I hope so." The priest called, lightly. "The last few sessions of Classmating have not bore any fruit, but maybe...."

"Class WHAT-ing?!"

[Conception II, Desperation to save the world? Chapter 1, End]

*003*2016-07-26 01:42

[Chapter 2: Classmating]

"Yes, Mister Faust. Is that a problem..?" Vahlen stated, turning to the boy who was now blushing bright red.

"It's...I mean...What are.." Faust stammered, searching for the words, turning to the pinkette who was back to staring at the ground.

"Yu..Yuno isn't.." the girl stammered, blushing. "She..and Faust.."

"Oh, it's nothing that inapprorpiate." the Priest called, moving over. "It is a sacred ritual, that uses the bond between two students...And, combines their energies in the hopes of concieving a being of pure wonder and joy...A star Child."

The two blushed even deeper at this, as if getting 'The talk.'

"It's really quite simple, I assure you." Vahlen called, pushing up her glasses. "The female will partake of the church's holy waters...And, the male shall await in the middle of the church. The two are to then spend an extended period of time with one another...Until the female can hold out no longer, and the Male administers physical contact.....Allowing the two's energies to combine and...With the right circumstances, create a being that will be able to combat the monsters that are plaguing our world.."

"I...I see.." Faust replied, blushing lightly. "So..I just gotta wait in the church...And then..Touch Yuno, before she..She.."

"Yes." Vahlen cut off, gesturing at the girl. "Your own bonds, and emotional ties will see to your excessive Ether, and her own Star energy that can...In theory, create a star Child. If our readings were correct."

"And....What if..Yuno can't.." the pinkette called, still flushing. "What if..Yuno just...holds it..and can't produce a.."

"Ohh, you'll find the holy Waters a most potent Diuretic.." Vahlen called with a grin, turning to the priest. "Escort Faust to his position..I will see to Yuno for this part."

"Yes...That would be most appropriate." the Priest called, starting to walk slowly. "Come..chosen one. Let us pray for the birth of a star Child...And proof that you are the blessing we seek.."

"B..but I.." Faust started, still blushing as he reluctantly submitted, heading into the church. The older male pointed at the middle circle, a brilliant light shimmering....Filling the area with a small glow.

"There...." He stated, pointing. "You shall wait in the circle for the girl. I recommend you get used to this sight...For you shall be visiting it often."

"A..Ah..you don't say.." Faust stammered back, moving to kneel down. "So..I just have to.."

"Yes.." The priest called, nodding. "You will need to initiate some sort of contact. Be it touching her hand, her side...Or some other part of.."

"A..Ah..." Faust started, shaking his head. "And...then just...wait..?"

"Well..They say thinking of the girl that you are with helps." the Priest called, with a grin. "Though..Be wary that you don't release your ether all over yourself, Faust."

Faust blushed again, shaking his head.

"I'll..be careful." Faust called, as the lights started to dim...And, another figure could be seen coming into the room.

"Ah..and so she arrives.." the priest called, backing up. "You two...have fun. I shall prepare the dolls.."

Faust paused at this, before watching the pinkette slowly walk forth...Her legs tensing up as she walked.

"So...Yuno's..." the girl called, quietly. "Yuno's...going to..try this thing.."

"Ah..Yeah.." Faust started, averting his gaze...As the girl started to kneel down.

"And...Yuno just...Doesn't want Faust to..Think she is...a weird girl for this.."

"Yuno..." Faust stated quietly...shaking his head. "The whole situation is weird...but, that's not a..bad thing. Let's just..go with it, okay?"

A shiver went through the pinkette, as she shifted from side to side.

"Yuno...is going to go, alright." she uttered, blushing. "The Doctor wasn't..kidding about how..Much it would make Yuno.."

"It'll be fine.." Faust called, giving her a small nod. "Just..kneel down, and..we'll see if this is all they hyped it up to be.."

"Mmmn.." the girl uttered, leaning over to the boy. "Will you..Hold Yuno's hand as she..does it?"

"A..Ah..." Faust started...before nodding, and entwining his hand with hers. "Yes..."

A small squeeze of her palm...And he could feel her body relaxing. A small gasp....And then...

Psh...pssssssssssssssshhhhh

"O...Ohhhnn..Ohhh...It's...so warm..." Yuno mused, leaning into Faust. "Yuno....Yuno's....She's..."

A few long moments passed, as Faust felt the girl relaxing...listening to her personal flood picking up speed....Before starting to taper off. He felt a strange warmth too coming from the girl...

Before the lights started to come on.

"O..Oh Goodness, this is unprecedented." Vahlen's voice called, as Faust turned, the Doctor looking over something. Faust's eyes turned back to Yuno, seeing a sizable stain on her skirt...As they stood up.

"What is..?" Faust called back, starting over with Yuno..As she and the Priest stood with an awe-struck face.

"They...They actually did it." the Priest called, Faust glancing down at a doll..As it shook, and started to open up. Rather than a small animal though, there was a small child-like figure...Looking like a chibi anime kid.

"Nice to meetcha!" the kid piped up, waving at the group...Before two more appeared behind him with warm smiles.

"Not only was the conception successful, but triplets.." Vahlen called, tapping at a clipboard. "Truly...We have encountered something special.."

"T..Triplets?" Yuno called with a blush, glancing over to see the small chibis, who looked at her with warm smiles. Each one with bright pink hair, even if they held different tools.

"Yeah.." Faust called lightly, looking over the group...As he glanced up. "So...They're gonna help us fight?"

"Yes." Vahlen called, lightly. "These, Star Children, can fight the monsters with no trouble..And, they are easily replenished with Star Energy. So, not only do they grow with you, they won't die either."

"Ah....That's a relief." Faust replied with a smile, as the scientist moved over.

"You'll be seeing a lot of them this year...." The scientist called, with a teasing smile. "And you'll be making many more. So, I hope you're feeling energetic, Faust."

A blush creeped back to his Face, as the Priest turned.

"We will watch over them, until you are to go into the Labyrinths." he called, with a small nod. "We thank you for giving us Hope...Faust. And S-rank Yuno.."

"N..No problem.." Faust called, sheepishly, as the girl bowed.

"I..It's all our honor." Yuno called back with a bow..as the Doctor nodded.

"I'll be taking you two to your dorm now.." The woman called, gesturing. "Follow me..And you can do introductions."

"Alright.." Faust called, glancing to the pinkette with a small smile. "Gonna give me my hand back?"

"Ah..right." Yuno stammered, letting go. "That was..nice, Faust."

"Mm.I could get used to this." Faust added, as they followed the woman past the dorms.

There was a multitude of buildings...All looking increasingly extravagant.

"These are the dorms for D ranks..C ranks..and B ranks." Vahlen called in turn, gesturing. "We test every so often to see if someone's grown..and become worthy of the higher grades. After all, part of this school nurtures what makes you all..Special."

"I see.." Faust started, as they came up to a brilliant mansion-like building..the woman gesturing.

"That is the A-Rank dorms." Vahlen called, with a smile. "We have a few people in those....Though, while they're promising..There's still room for development....And then.."

The woman lead the two further some more, leading them to a brilliant looking building...That was noticeably smaller. As she started in though, she turned back with a wave.

"We've only had 3 or four S ranks before today....." The woman stated, with a smile. "But..Now, we have nearly doubled that number. We'll have to get some expansions. Oh, but I must warn you....."

"Yes..?" Faust called to attention, the woman leaning down to stare him in the eyes.

"You are the only S rank Male, Faust." She called, sternly. "And, as I'm sure hormones are powerful...But, Keep your conception to star children, thank you."

A fierce blush, as the woman adjusted her glasses.

"Good." she mused, waving her hand. "Now..you can all go greet each other, and pick out your rooms. Do try to keep a good profile for your first day tommorow.."

"R..right.." Faust stated, as the pinektte averted her gaze.

"R.r..right."

The two wandered into the rooms, glancing over the building with with wonderous eyes. It was a smaller building, but no less pristine....

A medley of rooms, a Laundry room, A kitchen with fully-stocked shelves and fridges....

It was quite a nice place to see. Though...

"Yuno..wonders why there's only one bathroom.." the pinkette called, as they glanced in. It was still noticeably larger than the usual one..But..

"Probably to..stimulate the star energy." Faust called lightly, as he walked around. "Though, maybe.."

A sentence not quite finished, as he heard an unfamiliar voice.

"Ah..! They're here!" a girl's voice called, prompting Faust to turn..Seeing the pink haired twintails girl...And, a lime haired girl with a petite figure. "Youmu, Wynn, come on over here!"

Faust glanced over with slightly wide eyes as he glanced over..Seeing a girl with forest green hair in a ponytail...And, a familiar face.

"Ah..! You're back!" Youmu mused, with a wave. "What did you two do?"

"Ah...Well.." Faust blushed, as the lime haired girl tugged them out.

"C'mon, C'mon, Let's introduce each other!" She called, clearly the perky one of the group. "My name's Ellie! I got here a month or so ago! I'm an S-rank, like you!"

"Come on Ellie, give em some space." the forest haired girl chided, waving her hand. "I'm Wynn, by the way. It's a lot to take in, I'm sure.."

"Ah..But they're new! I just...I can't contain my excitement of meeting em!" Ellie called, waving.

"My name's Faust." the boy called, bowing a bit. "I just got here, but..It certainly seems interesting."

"A..and Yuno's...Yuno." The girl mused, still blushing at the thoughts. "She's.."

"Ahh, don't worry about it." Ellie called, waving. "It is a bit of a weird situation...but, nothing we can't overcome! Just..the thought of being an S-rank...and being able to save the world...It's pretty surreal, yeah?"

"A...bit." Faust called, stretching a bit..and yawning slightly. "I..Oof..It's been a bit of a long day.."

"Yeah..I heard you two tried the classmating thing." Ellie chimed, prompting the boy to glow bright red with Yuno.

"A..Awah?! Where did you hear that?!"

"Ohhh, it was just an educated guess." Ellie mused, giggling. "Though..I guess I hit the hammer on the head. I haven't had the process happen yet..Is it tough?"

"W..well..Um.." Yuno stammered, as Wynn moved over with a wave.

"Come on, don't interrogate them right away.." Wynn stated, the voice of reason. "Give em a day to recover, then ask them."

"Awww..Alright." Ellie called, with a wave. "Let me know if you need anything, okay? I'll help you out!"

"Alright." Faust stated, as the group slightly dispersed...and Faust let out a sigh of relief.

"So..are we getting settled in?" Faust called, as Youmu and Yuno nodded.

"Yeah..." Youmu called, with a nod. "I've still got a lot of unpacking to do..."

"Same.." Yuno mused, yawning a bit. "Yuno..will see Faust tomorrow?"

"Yeah, I'll see you tomorrow Yuno. Youmu." Faust called, bowing in turn. "Let's..make the most of this situation, okay?"

A small blush for Yuno...and then, the group parted..Faust going to a room to unpack.

'This place is really strange..' Faust thought, thinking of the Testing, the Monsters, the...Classmating thing, and the idea of having to endure watching them writhing in agony in full bladder desperation so they could manage star energy.... It was...a weird world..

"But..Not something I really mind." Faust mused with a grin, laying down in his bed. "This...Could be kind of fun."

[Chapter 2: Classmating End]

