The Date

Author: alleycat89

*000*2024-11-06 00:19

Misty's heart fluttered with excitement as she stared into the mirror, her eyes sparkling with the thrill of a first date. She had met Levi online, and their conversations had been electric, filled with shared interests and laughter. As she applied her favorite shade of lipstick, she couldn't help but wonder if the chemistry they had over text messages would translate into reality. The soft glow of her bedroom light bathed her in a warm embrace, highlighting her meticulously curled hair and the delicate blush she had applied to accentuate her cheekbones.

She had spent hours selecting the perfect outfit, a balance between casual and elegant, hoping to make a good first impression without seeming overly eager. A flirty black dress that danced around her knees and hugged her body paired with a light sweater, in case the evening grew chilly. She chose to go sans-bra and had only a thin thong on under her dress. Her phone buzzed on the bedside table, a reminder that her ride would be arriving soon, and she took a deep breath to compose herself before slipping on her heels and grabbing her purse.

Levi arrived promptly at 7 PM, dressed in a crisp button-down shirt and dark jeans that hugged his muscular legs. His smile was just as captivating in person as it was in his profile pictures, and Misty felt a jolt of attraction as she stepped into the cool evening air. He opened the door of his sleek black sedan with a flourish, and she slid in, her heart racing as she felt the warm leather envelop her. The scent of his cologne filled the car, a blend of earthy notes and a hint of citrus that made her feel both comforted and excited. As they pulled away from the curb, she noticed how his eyes never left the road, how his hands remained steady on the wheel, and she felt a sense of safety and comfort she hadn't anticipated.

They talked easily during the short drive to the bar, their conversation flowing like a gentle river. Levi told her about his job as a software engineer and his love for hiking, while Misty shared her passion for photography and her dream of traveling the world. When they arrived, he led her to a cozy corner booth, the dim lighting casting a romantic glow over the polished wooden surface. The bar was alive with the murmur of conversation and the clinking of glasses, but their little nook was an oasis of calm amidst the bustling atmosphere. The bartender, a friendly older man with a handlebar mustache, greeted them with a nod and took their drink orders. Misty opted for a crisp white wine, while Levi chose a local craft beer. As they sipped their drinks and nibbled on the complimentary pretzels, they continued to get to know each other, their laughter echoing softly in the quiet corner.

The hours flew by as they shared stories and aspirations, ordering additional drinks as they grew more comfortable in each other's company. Misty's cheeks grew rosy from both the wine and the delightful banter, and she found herself leaning in closer to Levi, her eyes drawn to the way his hair fell over his forehead when he was deep in thought. They touched on a range of topics, from their favorite movies to their views on life and love, and she felt a connection forming that was more profound than any she had experienced before. The alcohol loosened her inhibitions and she found herself sharing her deepest desires and fears without the usual filters she applied when getting to know someone new.

As the night grew late, the bar's patrons began to thin out, and the music grew softer. Levi glanced at his watch and suggested they move their conversation to a quieter spot. "There's this amazing little place I know," he said, his eyes lighting up with excitement. "It's a bit of a drive, but it's totally worth it. It's a vista point in the woods where you can see the entire town. It's perfect for talking without any distractions." Misty nodded eagerly, thrilled at the prospect of more time with him and intrigued by the secretive way he spoke of the place. She had been at the bar for almost three hours, and while she had been lost in conversation, she couldn't ignore the increasing pressure in her bladder. She had hoped to use the restroom before leaving, but the line had remained constant, and she didn't want to interrupt the flow of their conversation.

They paid their tab and climbed back into Levi's car, the leather seats cool against Misty's skin as they headed towards the outskirts of town. The city lights grew sparse, replaced by the inky darkness of the surrounding wilderness, punctuated only by the occasional streetlamp. Misty's bladder continued to protest, but she bit her lip and focused on the excitement of discovering a new place with her date. Levi's confidence in navigating the unfamiliar roads made her feel at ease, and she took in the scenery as the city sounds gave way to the whispers of the night.

After about 30 minutes, they reached the overlook, and Levi pulled the car into a small gravel lot. He parked at the edge, where the headlights cast a soft glow over the scenic view. "Wow," Misty breathed as she stepped out of the car, the cool night air a stark contrast to the warmth of the bar. The sight of the twinkling town below took her breath away. The pressure in her bladder was now almost unbearable, but she didn't want to spoil the moment.

Levi must have noticed her discomfort because he suggested, "Why don't we put the roof down and move to the back seat? It's more spacious back there, and we can really appreciate the view." Misty nodded gratefully, the idea of more room providing a temporary distraction from her predicament. He pressed a button on the key fob, and the convertible's roof began to retreat into the trunk with a soft whirr. They climbed into the back, the leather seats cool and inviting under the starlit sky. Levi pulled a blanket from the trunk and spread it over them, the plush material offering a cozy cocoon that seemed to amplify the intimacy of the moment.

Misty took a deep breath, willing her body to ignore the growing urgency. She didn't want to ruin the romantic setting with an awkward bathroom break. As they laid down on the makeshift bed of the backseat, the stars twinkling above them, she hoped that somehow, the discomfort would pass. They talked for a while longer, their voices hushed and intimate in the quiet of the night. The cool breeze gently caressed their faces, carrying with it the scent of pine and the distant sound of an owl hooting. Despite her physical distress, she felt an emotional connection with Levi that she hadn't felt with anyone in a long time.

Levi lays beside Misty and pulls her close to him. The warmth of his body was comforting, and she could feel his heart beating in time with hers. He wrapped his arm around her waist, and she leaned into him, her head resting on his shoulder. His fingers traced lazy circles on her bare arm, sending shivers down her spine. She took a deep breath, trying to focus on the way the fabric of his shirt felt against her skin rather than the persistent throb in her bladder. She didn't dare move too much, afraid that any sudden shift might lead to an embarrassing situation.

Misty felt Levi's hand move from her arm to her leg, his touch light and reassuring. He began to stroke her thigh gently, his thumb brushing against the soft skin just above her knee. His hand traveled upward, his movements slow and deliberate, sending waves of heat through her body. Her mind raced with the tension of the moment, both from the physical sensations and the fear of what might happen if she couldn't hold it in any longer. She tried to ignore the growing need and focus on the gentle caress of his hand, hoping the intimacy would distract her.

Misty's eyes drifted shut as Levi's hand reached the top of her thigh, his touch lingering there before continuing its journey. His fingers grazed the edge of her dress, and she could feel the warmth of his palm through the thin material. Despite her desperation to use the bathroom, she found herself responding to his touch, the tension in her body shifting from discomfort to something else entirely. She swallowed hard, trying to push down the rising tide of sensation. But it was no use; her bladder was now screaming for relief.

Levi noticed Misty's sudden tension and paused, his hand hovering just above her dress. "Is everything okay?" he murmured, his voice thick with concern. Misty forced a smile, not wanting to ruin the moment. "I'm fine," she lied, her voice a little too high. But Levi wasn't fooled. He leaned in closer, his eyes searching hers for the truth. "You don't seem fine," he said gently, his gaze dropping to her flushed cheeks and the way she was fidgeting beneath the blanket.

Misty took a deep, shaky breath and whispered the truth, "I really need to go to the bathroom." Levi's eyes widened in understanding, and he sat up abruptly. "Oh, of course," he said, his voice filled with sympathy. "Why didn't you tell me sooner?" He offered her his hand to help her out of the car, and she took it, feeling both relieved and embarrassed. As she stood, the cold night air hit her, making her shiver. She had hoped the coolness would help ease her distress, but the situation was becoming increasingly urgent.

Levi looked around the deserted parking lot and sighed, realizing there was no bathroom in sight. "I'm so sorry," he said, running a hand through his hair. "I didn't think this through." Misty managed a weak laugh, "It's okay," she said, her voice strained. "It's just a little awkward." He looked at her with a mix of concern and determination. "We'll find you a bathroom," he assured her. "We can drive back to the bar, or I can find a gas station."

Misty hesitated for a moment, trying to decide which option would be less mortifying. "How far is it back to the bar?" she finally asked. Levi glanced at the clock on the dashboard and then back at her. "It's about a 30-minute drive," he admitted. Thirty minutes seemed like an eternity to Misty, and she knew she couldn't hold it that long. The idea of asking to pull over on the side of the road was unthinkable.

Misty took a deep breath and forced another smile, "You know what? I'm okay," she lied, placing a hand on his arm. "I just had a bit too much to drink. It'll pass." Levi studied her for a moment before nodding, his expression a mix of concern and relief. He pulled her closer, and she felt his warmth envelop her once more. They laid back down on the blanket, the stars above them a blurry canvas of twinkling lights. She willed her body to relax, focusing on their conversation to take her mind off her desperate need.

Levi, seemingly unfazed by the sudden shift in mood, started to run his hand up Misty's leg again, his touch sending a thrill through her body despite the discomfort. She bit her lip and tried to ignore the growing pressure, hoping that the intimacy would somehow help. But as his hand moved higher, she found it increasingly difficult to keep her composure. Each stroke of his thumb against her skin was a battle between pleasure and pain, a dance of desire and embarrassment. She could feel his hand moving closer to the damp fabric of her thong, and she knew she had to act fast.

Misty reached down and gently took Levi's hand, guiding it away from her pussy. "I really can't," she whispered, her voice laced with both apology and urgency. But instead of withdrawing his hand, Levi's eyes darkened with curiosity, and his he gently touched the inside lip of her pussy. He leaned in closer, his breath warm against her ear as he whispered, "What's wrong?" She felt the heat of his body, his muscular chest pressing against her side, and she knew she had to be honest with him.

With a tremble in her voice, she confessed, "I didn't get to go to the bathroom at the bar. I've been holding it in all night." Levi's eyes widened in understanding, and he immediately sat up, his hand leaving her thigh. "We need to find a bathroom," he said, his voice firm and protective. Misty nodded, the weight of her situation hitting her full force.

They quickly gathered their things and climbed into the front seats, the cold leather a stark contrast to the warmth of the backseat. As Levi started the car, Misty leaned her head against the window, trying to ignore the urgency building within her. "How long was it back to the bar?" she asked, hoping the return trip would be quicker than the drive out.

Levi glanced at her before pulling out of the lot, his expression a mix of concern and apology. "It's about a 30-minute drive," he said, his voice tight. "But if you need to, we can try to find somewhere closer." Misty bit her lip, calculating the time in her head. Twenty minutes might as well have been hours at this point, but she didn't want to make a big deal out of it. "No, the bar is fine," she said, trying to keep her voice steady. "I'll be okay."

As they sped back towards civilization, Misty's bladder felt like it was about to burst. She crossed her legs tightly, hoping to keep the flood at bay. She couldn't believe she had let herself get into this situation. The excitement of the date had made her ignore the most basic of bodily needs, and now she was paying the price. Each bump in the road sent a new wave of agony through her, and she had to bite her tongue to keep from crying out.

"It's going to be ok, you're going to make it," he assured her, his voice tight with tension. But just as he said that, the unmistakable flash of red and blue lights appeared in the distance behind them. He groaned, "Crap, I've been speeding." He checked the speed limit sign and realized he had been going well over the limit in his rush to get Misty to a bathroom. His heart sank as the siren grew louder, the sound piercing the quiet night air.

Levi pulled over to the side of the road, his hand moving to the steering wheel in a practiced motion. "Don't worry," he told Misty, his voice strained. "I'll just explain the situation to the officer." He stepped out of the car, his palms damp with sweat despite the cool evening. The police cruiser pulled up behind them, the lights casting an eerie glow over the scene.

The officer yells at Levi, "Sir, get back in the car! Do not get out! Get back in the car!"

Levi's heart was racing as he sat back in the driver's seat, his hands visibly shaking. The sound of the officer's boots on the gravel grew louder as he approached the side of the car. Misty looked at Levi with wide, panic-stricken eyes, her own discomfort momentarily forgotten. The police car's spotlight painted the interior of the sedan a stark, harsh white, and the siren's wail grew deafening as it filled the small space.

The officer, a tall, broad-shouldered man with a stern expression, tapped on the window with his flashlight. Levi rolled it down, his voice trembling as he spoke. "Is there a problem, officer?" The policeman's gaze moved from Levi to Misty, his eyes lingering on her crossed legs and the way she was holding her stomach. "Ma'am, are you okay?" he asked, his tone shifting to one of concern. Misty nodded, not trusting herself to speak. The pressure in her bladder was now unbearable, and she felt a warm trickle begin to escape, soaking her thong and the back of her dress. She squeezed her legs together, trying to hold back the inevitable.

The policeman leaned closer, his nose wrinkling slightly. "Sir, have you been drinking tonight?" His voice was firm, his gaze unyielding. Levi's heart sank as he realized the smell of alcohol from the bar must have lingered on their breath. "Just a couple of drinks, officer," he replied, hoping it didn't sound as weak as he felt. The policeman's eyes narrowed, and he signaled for them to both step out of the vehicle.

Misty's face flushed with embarrassment as she tried to stand, the warmth between her legs now a wet reality she couldn't ignore. She hoped the dark night would conceal the damp spot spreading down the back of her dress. As they stepped out into the blinding light, she felt a cold gust of wind hit her, and she shivered, not just from the temperature but from the fear of what might happen next. The policeman's eyes darted between them, and she could see the judgment in his gaze.

Levi took a deep breath and stepped aside as the officer began his field sobriety check. He stumbled slightly during the walk-and-turn, his balance compromised by the beers they had shared at the bar. Misty watched in horror as his eyes darted back and forth, trying to follow the policeman's instructions. The officer's expression grew sterner with each passing moment, and she could feel the situation spiraling out of control.

"Ma'am, it seems your date isn't in the condition to drive," the policeman said, his voice now filled with a hint of annoyance. "I'm going to have to take him in for a breathalyzer test and likely keep him for the night. Do you need a ride to the station so you can be picked up by a friend?" Misty nodded, her cheeks burning with embarrassment. The thought of having to explain this to anyone, let alone a friend, was mortifying. But she had no other choice.

Misty nodded, her voice shaking. "Yes, please. I'll need a ride to the station." The policeman offered her his hand to help her into the front seat, and she took it, her legs wobbly from the need to relieve herself. As they drove away from the woods, she couldn't help but feel a sense of relief mixed with the crushing weight of the evening's events. The quiet hum of the car's engine was a stark contrast to the cacophony of her thoughts.

Misty's wet thong clung to her skin, adding to her discomfort as she felt it stick to her pussy. She shifted in the seat, trying to find a more comfortable position, but it was useless. Every movement brought a new wave of pressure, and she found herself grinding her hips into the seat, hoping to find some semblance of relief. She glanced over at Levi in the back, his head hanging in defeat. She felt a pang of guilt for her own predicament, knowing that his was far worse.

Misty could feel her muscles straining against the urine that desperately wanted to escape. Her pussy was a mix of sensations: the throb of arousal from Levi's earlier touches was now overwhelmed by the burning pressure of her full bladder. The fabric of her thong clung to her skin, the wetness seeping into the folds, making her squirm in her seat. Her dress was now soaked through, the material sticking to her backside and the crotch of her underwear. Each movement sent a fresh jolt of pain through her, making her bite down on her bottom lip to keep from crying out.

The remainder of the drive to the station was agonizing. Each bump and pothole in the road seemed to be a personal assault on Misty's already strained bladder. She clenched her muscles, willing herself to hold it in, her knuckles white from gripping the seat. Levi sat in the back, his own problems forgotten as he watched Misty's discomfort with a mix of concern and regret. "I'm sorry about this," he mumbled, his voice filled with genuine remorse. She forced a smile, not wanting to add to his guilt.

When they arrived at the station, the officer opened the door and offered Misty his hand to help her out of the car. As she took it, she felt another spurt of urine leak out, the warmth spreading down her legs. She gasped, her face flaming with humiliation. "I'm sorry," she whispered, "I really can't wait anymore."

The policeman's gaze softened when he saw the desperation in her eyes. He nodded, "It's alright, I'll help you find a bathroom." He turned to Levi, who was still sitting in the back seat, his head in his hands. "Come on," he said, gently guiding him out of the car.

Misty felt the cool night air hit her legs as she walked to the station door, the dampness of her thong and the back of her dress clinging to her. She walked with a stiff gait, trying to keep her dignity as the policeman led them into the station. The bright fluorescent lights washed over her, making the wet spot on her dress even more noticeable. She could feel the eyes of the officers on her, and she wished she could just vanish into thin air.

Once through the door, she spotted the restroom sign on the wall, a beacon of hope in a sea of despair. But as she took a step in its direction, her bladder finally reached its breaking point. The dam burst, and she couldn't hold back the torrent of urine that rushed from her body. It flooded her dress and pooled around her feet, the warmth spreading rapidly. The smell of it filled the station, and she heard a gasp from one of the officers behind the desk. She stood there, frozen in place, as the last of her control slipped away.

Unable to hold it any longer, Misty hiked up her dress to try to maintain as much dryness as possible. She squatted down on the floor of the police station as a thick stream of urine shot out of her white thong.

Misty's white thong had become transparent from the sheer volume of pee that had soaked it. The once opaque fabric now clung to her skin, revealing everything beneath it. Her cheeks burned with embarrassment as the officers stared in shock, their expressions a mix of disgust and pity. She couldn't believe this was happening, not in the middle of her date, not in a police station. But the relief washed over her like a wave, and she couldn't bring herself to care about the judgmental eyes upon her.

The urine shot out of her with a force that surprised even her, spraying the floor around her in an arc that grew wider as she tried to aim it into the corner. Her bladder had been so full for so long that the release was almost painful, the sensation akin to a thousand needles prickling her urethra. She watched as the puddle grew, the warm liquid mixing with the coolness of the station's tiles, creating a stark visual she knew would haunt her for a long time.

Levi looked on in horror, his handsome face twisted with a mix of shock and concern. He took a step towards her, but the policeman held up a hand to stop him. "Stay back, sir," he said firmly. "We'll handle this." Misty felt a tear slip down her cheek as she realized that not only had her date ended in disaster, but she had also just made a complete fool of herself in front of a room full of strangers.

The policeman who had brought them in looked at her with a combination of pity and revulsion. "Ma'am, I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to come with me," he said, his voice tight. "You can't just urinate in the middle of the station." He offered her a pair of handcuffs, which she took with trembling hands, feeling the cold metal bite into her wrists as he snapped them shut.

Misty stumbled as the officer led her and Levi to a small, stark cell. The room spun around her, the smell of antiseptic and urine mixing in a nauseating cocktail.

Levi, still handcuffed, watched her with a pained expression. "I'm so sorry about this," he said again. "I had no idea..." His voice trailed off as he took in the sight of her drenched dress and the puddle of pee around her.

Misty managed a wobbly smile, the humiliation momentarily overridden by the urgency of the situation. "It's okay," she murmured, her voice barely above a whisper. "I just need to... clean up." The policeman nodded, his face a mask of professional detachment. "We'll get you some towels and a change of clothes," he said, before exiting the cell and leaving them alone.

Levi's gaze remained on her, his eyes filled with a mix of concern and embarrassment. "Are you okay?" he asked, his voice low. Misty nodded, trying to keep the tears at bay. "Yeah," she said, her voice shaking. "I just... I couldn't hold it anymore." She felt the warmth of his hand on her shoulder, and she leaned into his touch, grateful for the comfort.

"Not that it makes the situation any better, but I haven't peed all evening either", says Levi.

Levi's words, though intended to be comforting, only served to remind Misty of the absurdity of their situation. She had been so caught up in her own desperation that she hadn't even considered his own discomfort.

Levi, feeling the pressure in his own bladder, tried to get the officers' attention so he could use the bathroom, but they were all preoccupied with paperwork and processing. He coughed politely, but no one looked up. He cleared his throat, louder this time, but still, no response. His cheeks grew hot with a mix of embarrassment and annoyance. Finally, he called out, "Excuse me, officer?" His voice echoed through the station, but the only response was the clanking of metal on metal as someone in the back laughed.

Misty watched him squirm and knew she had to do something. She leaned in close, her voice barely above a whisper. "Levi, I can help you," she offered, her eyes full of concern. "What?" he replied, confusion clouding his gaze. "You can pee here, in the corner," she said, gesturing towards the shadowy part of the cell.

Levi's eyes widened in horror. "But, my hands are handcuffed behind my back!" he hissed. Misty nodded, her mind racing. "I know," she said, her voice steady. "But we can make it work." She approached him, her own wet dress sticking to her legs as she moved. "Trust me," she murmured, her eyes never leaving his.

With trembling hands, Misty reached for Levi's zipper. She could feel his erection straining against the fabric of his pants, a side effect of their earlier intimate moment. She worked the metal down carefully, her touch gentle . The policeman who had brought them in had left them with enough privacy that she felt a bit more at ease, but the knowledge that anyone could walk in at any moment added a layer of tension to the already awkward situation.

Once his pants were open, she gently tugged at the waistband of his boxers, revealing his penis. It was hard and thick, the tip glistening with urine from his desperation. She wrapped her soft hands around the shaft and guided it to the corner of the cell, pointing it away from her. Levi's eyes were closed tight, his breath coming in short gasps as he tried to hold in his pee.

Misty leaned closer and whispered in his ear, "Let it go," her voice a gentle coax. And with that, he did. The stream of urine shot out of him with the force of a small fountain, spattering against the concrete wall. The sound of his relief was music to her ears, and she felt a strange sense of satisfaction knowing that she had been able to help him in this humiliating moment.

Levi's body sagged with relief as the last drops fell from him. He opened his eyes to find Misty's gaze still on him, her expression a mix of empathy and amusement. Despite the embarrassment, he couldn't help but chuckle at the absurdity of their situation. "Thank you," he murmured, his cheeks still flushed.

Misty smiled softly, gently guiding his penis back into his pants. She took a moment to appreciate the intimate act they had just shared, an unspoken bond formed in a most unexpected way. As she zipped him up, she felt a sense of tenderness that she hadn't anticipated. She leaned in and kissed his cheek, the warmth of his skin sending a jolt of energy through her. "It's okay," she whispered. "We're in this together."

With Levi's situation addressed, she turned her attention back to her own discomfort. "Could you help me with this?" she asked, her voice tentative as she pointed to the damp thong clinging to her skin. Levi nodded, his expression a mix of concern and determination. He leaned in, his movements careful not to cause her any further distress.

Levi reached up to Misty's thong, lingering a moment at her damp pussy before taking them off. His thumb grazed the sensitive skin, and she gasped at the sudden sensation. The coolness of the air against her bare skin was a stark contrast to the warmth of his touch, sending a shiver down her spine. He peeled the wet fabric away from her, his eyes never leaving hers, and she felt a spark of something more than friendship pass between them.

Misty stepped out of the soaked pile of fabric and leaned against the cold metal bars of the cell, her legs shaking. She knew that the officers would return soon, but in this moment of vulnerability, she couldn't bring herself to care. The need to pee was overwhelming, and she let it go again, this time with Levi's eyes on her. The stream was weaker than before, but it was no less liberating. She felt the warmth of his gaze on her skin as she relieved herself, and it was in that moment that she realized she had never felt more exposed, more seen, than she did right then.

*003*2024-11-06 22:18

{{5 hours ago, Fuchsa9073 said:

Great story! It was well written with a realistic plot. It's just the kind of thing I enjoy!

}}

Thanks! I'm trying to write a few with realistic reasons that someone might end up in a desperate situation. I'll have one or two more. open to scenarios as well.

