Embarrassing Honor

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2017-10-16 02:46

Five minutes to three. It was time to go on duty. Sam grabbed his knapsack and exited the classroom. In a way, he hated to leave. Mr. Cordovian was a boss science teacher, and Sam was interested in everything he talked about. But to be a Patrol Boy: That was a feather in his cap that Sam just couldn't pass up.

Sam had not applied to be a Patrol Boy. He knew he would never be chosen. Patrol Boys were from the in-crowd, the jocks, the swells, none of which included Sam. Then came the deployment. Several boys had dropped out of the Patrol Boys when their families moved, as the Brigade deployed to Korea. Miss Quinmorton, the Patrol Boy Director, had come to Sam and personally asked him to step in and become a Patrol Boy. Sam was flabbergasted, but "No" was not on option, so, here he was fast-walking down the hall and out the door to get to his post at stoplight a block down from school.

Patrol Boys, as Sam had learned, fulfilled a vital function at this and other intersections. There was a policeman assigned to the intersection morning and evening, but little kids: Sometimes they got confused or forgot when to cross, or got to horsing around and stepped into the street in front of traffic. Patrol Boys stood at the curb, making sure all younger students stayed behind them, until told to cross. The Patrol Boy's word was law. Woe betide anyone disobeying a Patrol Boy, and double woe betide any Patrol Boy late to his post, or not paying attention to his duties.

Proud of his Patrol belt, Sam never showed up late, and absolutely never allowed his attention to be diverted. Miss Quinmorton had complimented his good performance, and Sam intended to maintain his good record.

Doing so presented no problem for Sam, for Sam was a responsible boy. However, being a Patrol Boy did present Sam with one little problem. Sam walked to and from school, so taking a few minutes to go the boy's room before leaving school was no problem. But Patrol Boys had five minutes to get from class to their assigned places. There was no leaving a couple of minutes early to run to the bath room; not even Patrol Boys left class before five to three.

Thus, Sam more or less had to pee every afternoon when he was on duty. Sam had never peed his pants on duty, but twice he had done so trying to make it home after he was dismissed from duty. Today, however, Sam really had to go; I mean REALLY! The milk truck had delivered extra milk that morning, so students were encouraged to help themselves. Four half-pint cartons made a quart, and Sam, who loved milk, relished this unexpected bounty.

But, as the afternoon passed, Sam's kidneys had busily converted that delicious milk into pee, and four half-pints felt like four gallons in Sam's bladder. But, Sam was a Patrol Boy first of all. He already had given up the hope of reaching home with dry pants; he just hoped -- even prayed -- that he could complete his duty, before the unavoidable happened. "Let's go; Stand back; stop; wait." Sam went through his routine just as he should. The sweat on his forehead, however, and the telltale hand squeezing his crotch made it obvious that Sam was desperate.

Sam heard some little girls tittering: "He's about to pee his pants." Sam felt the flush on his face, but he pretended he didn't hear. Five minutes to go. Another spasm gripped his bladder. The pee felt like it was right at the tip of his peepee. No! Sam felt a squirt in his underpants. Sam got control, only to lose it again. His underpants felt wet and warm, but it wasn't showing, yet. The next spasm hit like a Tsunami. Tsunami, Sam mused; that's what they were studying in Mr. Cordovian's class. This, however, was no Oceanic tsunami. It was a dam burst, a unstoppable stream splashing into Sam's underpants, running down his thighs, his calves, into his shoes, and into the gutter. Thank goodness all the students had gone. Maybe no one would see.

Finally, time to head for home. Running in wet pants is no fun, but Sam headed home as fast as he could. He would throw his pants in the washer and take a shower before Mom or Dad got home. Yes, Sam would come through his crisis okay.

The rest of the year proved uneventful. As Sam hoped, no one ever mentioned his accident, so probably no one had seen it. Sam gave a thank you every time he remembered. He alone would bear the memory.

On promotion day, students were recognized for this and that honor, before being sorted into next year's classes. Sam paid little attention. He was a good student, but honors always went to the in crowd.

Hodie elbowed Sam in the ribs. "That's you, Sam; get going." Miss Quinmorton stood at the mike, and was actually calling Sam's name. Confused, Sam stood up, worked his way to the aisle, and went up to the stage. Miss Quinmorton smiled, then spoke into the mike. "This year's Top Patrol Boy award goes to Sam Stronbach." The students clapped. Sam didn't know what to say; he was glad he didn't have to say anything.

But Miss Quinmorton was speaking again. "Sam never missed a day on duty, he never showed up late, and he always discharged his duties exactly as he should." Miss Quinmorton bent closer to the mike: "Most you don't even know this, and I imagine Sam himself doesn't even know I know, but one day Sam actually peed his pants, rather than leaving his place early.

Utter silence broke into peels of laughter. Sam was stunned. His face burned with embarrassment. His mouth hung open. He couldn't move.

Then, Sam peed his pants -- again.

