Part 2: 5 TV Characters I`d Love to See Wet Their Pants

Author: Arnold

*000*2024-02-22 22:19

Vanessa Baxter (Last Man Standing)

“I hope Eve appreciates what I do for her,” “Vanessa grumbles as she heads for the ladies’ room at halftime of her daughter’s soccer game. Vanessa was never much of a sports fan and she’d always considered herself blessed to have three daughters – the first two also not having much of an interest in sports. But she was first and foremost a great mom and when youngest daughter Eve took up sports, you couldn’t keep Vanessa away if you tried. But on this particular occasion – and early Saturday morning soccer game – she just wishes she hadn’t drunk all that coffee beforehand. Vanessa was well-known for her strong bladder – something she no doubt developed by avoiding school bathrooms during her formative years. And suffice to say, she wasn’t looking forward to using the fieldhouse bathrooms here at her daughter’s high school stadium.

But at the fieldhouse that halftime, Vanessa finds the situation even worse than she thought. She finds the fieldhouse bathrooms locked shut with a sign directing people to use the adjacent portable toilets. “NO! – NO WAY! – Not even for Eve,” Vanessa insists as she returns to her seat in the bleachers with a bladder still quite full of the coffee she drank earlier that morning. But coffee and nasty bathrooms are oftentimes a bad combination and today is no exception. And adding in overtime for the soccer game, it proves to be just too much. Vanessa gives it a good fight. Had it not been for the overtime she really might have made it. But even her mighty bladder can’t hold that much that long.

Eventually, the tall and pretty blonde starts peeing her pants and once it starts, there is no way she can stop it. Soon, she finds herself sitting in sopping wet slacks with rivers of pee running down her legs. And it’s happening, of course, right here in front of a decent sized crowd at her daughter’s high school soccer field. Vanessa is, of course, absolutely mortified as everyone starts turning to stare at her in shock. But while I suppose most girls would be mortified, as well at their mother wetting her pants like that, Eve takes the whole thing in stride. She knows that this will be an endless point of amusement and teasing for her mom for many years to come.

Alex Dunphy (Modern Family)

“I really wish you wouldn’t put so much pressure on yourself,” her mom would frequently tell her, “So much pressure isn’t good for you.” But Alex – an academic superstar – is quite used to the pressure. She even thinks of herself as someone who thrives under pressure. But still, Alex always took her mother’s concerns to heart. Lately – with a full slate of her school’s toughest classes and her college choice decision looming – even Alex was having a bit of a hard time dealing with it all. Tonight, like most nights, she falls asleep studying – her books sprawled across her bed.

But unlike most nights – at least not since she was a little girl – Alex awakes to an unpleasant surprise. She really doesn’t want to believe it at first. Did she really wet the bed at her age? But as she starts to regain her senses after a deep sleep, it was impossible to deny that she had. Not only were her panties and nightgown soaked but her sheets and bedspread were as well. It was so bad that even her T-shirt was wet as was her Calculus homework that had been lying next to her on her bed. Never – not even as a little girl – had Alex wet the bed as bad as this. Suddenly, Alex just bursts into tears not only from the shame of wetting her bed but from all the pressure she’s under. Immediately, mom is there to comfort her and tell her that everything is going to be alright. And as Alex cries in her mother’s arms, her sister Haley immediately steps in to help and starts stripping the bed of the wet sheets. “Even though we don’t always get along, she’s still my sister,” Haley says.

Marcia Brady (The Brady Bunch)

Sharing a bathroom with five siblings, Marcia really should know better than to push her bladder to its limit. She knows full well that when you have to go, it’s best to just go and take care of it right away. Its best not to wait until it becomes an emergency. With six people sharing one bathroom, you never know when that bathroom is going to be occupied. And obviously, you don’t want to find the bathroom occupied when you’ve got an emergency. Marcia, though, is typically quite careful about that.

But on this particular day, it’s quite hot outside and Marcia drinks a whole lot of water after gym class at school. And as she is walking home from school that afternoon, she can really start to feel it in her bladder. Her bladder, in fact, starts to fill rather quickly and by the time she arrives home, it truly is an emergency. Of course, Marcia heads immediately upstairs to the bathroom. Unfortunately, though, she finds the bathroom occupied. She knocks and finds that it’s her sister Jan in there. “Are you going to be long, Jan?” Marcia asks, “I really gotta go!” But Jan is not about to grant Marcia any favors. She’s actually done using the toilet herself, but she’s taking her sweet time in the bathroom nonetheless.

As Marcia becomes more and more desperate, she bangs on the door once again. “Please, Jan – I really gotta pee,” Marcia pleads. “If you’re just combing your hair or something, I can just come in a pee while you’re doing that,” Marcia suggests. “Just a minute,” Jan answers, but again, she has no intention of helping her sister. As Marcia now starts banding on the door and demanding to be let in, she can feel short spurts of pee escaping into her panties. And – as Jan continues to take her sweet time in the bathroom – those short spurts turn into longer spurts and soon Marcia feels the pee running down her legs.

By the time that Jan finally does emerge from the bathroom, it’s way too late. She finds Marcia just standing there motionless in thoroughly soaked pants. Jan finds this sudden development quite amusing. “MARCIA! MARCIA! MARCIA!” she taunts her big sister in delight. But Marcia is ready to hit right back. She quickly reminds of Jan of the accident she had – that is, the worse kind of accident – on the plane coming home from their recent trip to Hawaii.

Grace Bowman (The Secret Life Of The American Teenager)

It’s a big night for Ulysses Grant High School. The boys’ basketball team has a big game tonight with first place in its division at stake. The game is so big, in fact, that it takes all the attention away from the news of student Amy Juergens’ pregnancy. No one is more excited about the game than Grace, a pretty blonde-haired cheerleader. She’d been feeling a bit under the weather as of late with a sinus infection, but after a much needed good night of sleep last night, she’s feeling much better today. Arriving for the big game this night, Grace has to park on the street as the school parking lot is already full. A big crowd is surely expected for this big game tonight.

As she warms up for the game with the other cheerleaders, Grace is careful to stay hydrated – drinking even more water than usual as per doctor’s orders to help drain her clogged sinuses. By halftime of the game, though, Grace is starting to feel it in her bladder and she, of course, heads for the girls’ room. But it’s a big crowd at the game tonight and the halftime line for the girls’ room is already out the door. Seeing that, she decides to just wait. There’s no way she’s going to get through that line and still make it back in time for the start of the second half. “I’m a big girl now,” Grace says to herself, “I can hold it in until the game is over.”

But as the second half plays on, the pressure in the pretty cheerleader’s bladder slowly builds. As the game winds down, Grace finds herself truly desperate. And when a player on the other team hits a desperation 3-point shot to send the game into overtime, she’s about ready to run for the girls’ room then and there. But still, she holds on. And when her boyfriend has a chance to win it from the foul line as overtime winds down, and he misses, Grace is about ready to cry. As the second overtime ensues, the poor girl can’t even remember ever have to pee this bad. And before it’s over, Grace has a big – or at least a very embarrassing – problem.

Suddenly, it just starts squirting out and Grace has no choice but to just run for the girls’ room. By the time she reaches the hallway, she’s now peeing full force and leaving a trail of pee on the floor behind her. And she’s still peeing full force as she’s frantically trying to pull down her panties and hike up her skirt in the girls’ room. She manages to save her cheerleading skirt from getting wet, but her panties and cheerleading slip are completely soaked. And there’s pee all over the floor from the hallway all the way to the girls’ room and all over the toilet seat and the floor. It’s hard to believe that a girl’s bladder could hold so much, but Grace had really pushed her bladder to its limit. For a while, she just sits there on the toilet crying. Ironically enough, she’d only gotten a little bit actually in the toilet. And by the next day in school, they weren’t talking about either Amy Juergens’ pregnancy nor the team’s spectacular overtime victory the night before.

Piper Halliwell (Charmed)

When you spend most of your time fighting demons, one would think an occasional loss of bladder control would be something of a common occurrence. But Piper – much unlike her younger sister Phoebe – can proudly proclaim that it’s never happened to her. Well, maybe a little leakage now and then but certainly not a major accident like Phoebe is known to have. And Piper is also proud of another endeavor in her life – that being the restaurant she’s just opened. It took a lot of work to get that restaurant up and running but Piper was up to the task. The restaurant is now quite popular and things there can get pretty busy at times – especially on the weekends. It can get so busy and hectic, in fact, that Piper oftentimes can’t seem to spare a moment even to go to the bathroom. Oftentimes – once again, especially on the weekends – Piper finds herself holding it in as she waits for a spare moment to visit the ladies’ room and relieve a painfully full bladder.

But on this one particularly busy Saturday night, the pretty restaurateur would push her bladder to its very limit. As the night goes on, it’s one thing after another that requires Piper’s attention. And with one of the ladies’ room’s four toilets out of commission due to plumbing issues, there always seems to be a line there. So the pretty brunette finds herself just holding it in as the pressure on her bladder just builds and builds. Finally, though, Piper feels a few squirts into her panties and she knows that she really can’t wait any longer. As she makes it to the ladies room, however, she finds that the line is the longest of the night. She tries and tries to hold it in.

But even a cast iron bladder like Piper’s has its limits. Suddenly, she feels a strong surge of pee and even she can’t stop it this time. As she stands in her own restaurant’s ladies’ room waiting for a stall, the pretty brunette finds herself just shamefully wetting her pants. She had to pee so bad that when she finally does get into a stall, she still has plenty for the toilet. But unfortunately, she’d already done plenty in her pants, as well. Piper’s pants are thoroughly soaked with pee in the crotch with long trails of pee going down both her legs all the way to her socks. It’s a shameful moment indeed for the demon hunter turned restaurateur.

