Tori's concert accident

Author: animepee1234

*000*2022-09-18 02:53

Tori was a very attractive girl she was white, black hair, b cup. she just turned 18 and went to a rock concert for her birthday in NYC.

On the car ride down she drank a 1L water bottle of water. When she arrived the opening band started. Halfway through she felt the 1L water hit her bladder, "oh shit!" She immediately put her hands between her legs. She began jiggling back and forth. "Shit I gotta pee" she thought to herself. "I can wait till the end of this bands act to pee" she continued to think.

30 minutes later

Tori was now crossing her legs, her hands were jammed between her legs.

"fuck please finish" she whispered to herself. Just then the band finished her set

"omg thank god" she thought, she sat up and bolted to the bathroom.

"oh no no no no" she said as she ran up to the bathroom and saw that there was a huge line.

"fuck fuck fuck" she thought

"I'll go and wait at my seat until the lines shorter" she thought to herself. She walked back to her seat and waited.

10 minutes later

"The line has to be shorter now" she thought, as she sat up a guitar raft rang through the stadium.

"No way" there band she actually came to see was now starting

"uggghhh.... mmmmm I'll hold it" she thought since she didn't want to miss a second of the bands music.

She sat back down and crossed her legs and waited.

30 minutes later

Tori was now bending over

"I need to pee super bad but I-I can hold it a little longer" she thought

Just then a dribble of pee came out

"oh shit" she jammed her hand between her legs and crossed her legs even tighter.

"You okay?" a stranger next to her said

"YEA, Y-yea I'm fine" she replied

"Shit I gotta be careful or I'm gonna embarrass myself infant of these people.

"Alright this is our last song of the night so I want every one to stand up and sin g along with us" the lead singer of the band said.

Everyone began standing up, "crap I can't stand or I'm gonna lose control and pee myself" Tori thought.

Just then some one grabbed her arm and lifted her up

"Ahhh" she moaned as a spurt of pee spurted out now darkening her jean shorts.

"I can't sit down now or people will judge me and start staring so I'll try and hold it" she thought to her self

After the end of the song

"Thank you for coming out everyone and good night New York City" the lead singer said then the band was done.

"Finally" Tori thought and sprinted to the bathroom but the stairs were blocked by people walking

"Hurry, Hurry, Hurry" Tori thought crossing her legs and jamming her hands between her legs

She finally made it down the stairs and ran towards the bathroom but she forgot something, the line was once again long but this time it was even longer than it was last time

"no no no no no no no! I'm not gonna make it, I should have gone earlier" she thought

The line began slowly moving forward but as the line moved foward Tori got more desperate

"Ahhh" she quietly moaned as a spurt of pee shot out and a few drops of pee hit the ground

She jumped up and down holding her crotch as tight as she could.

"no no please move faster" she quietly said

Just then a security guard came over and told her to follow him.

"no please not like this" she thought

Then the officer lead her into the mens room, and she realized other girls in line

"thank god the lines shorter here" she thought

There were 3 people ahead of her. "yes I can make it, ye-" her thought was cut off by another big spurt of pee this time it was noticeable on her shorts.

"No no no" she quietly said, bending over

"I'm not gonna make it" she thought

She crossed her legs and jammed her hands onto her crotch as a few more dribbles of pee leaked out

"mmm Aahhhh" she moaned as the flood gates opened, she blue shorts became soaked as a huge burst of pee shot out.

"Don't loooook" she said trying to cover herself

It was no use all the girls ahead of her and all the guys in the bathroom were staring

Tori cheeks went red and she began crying

"no no no" she said

She ran out of the bathroom past all the staring eyes that were looking at her ad her pee soaked shorts she ran out of the stadium and to her car.

She opened the car and closed the door and sat there, in her soaked shorts.

"I can't drive home like this in my soaked shorts"she said. she searched her car and couldn't fine anything then she found a box of diapers. No there has to be something else. She couldn't fine anything

She took a diaper out of the box and hesitated for a second and began taking her shorts off and a few drops of pee dripped off her shorts

She sat there and looked at her what used to be white panties which were now yellow stained. She took her panties off and exposed her recently shaved pussy, and she pulled the diaper up and sat there embarrassed

She started her car and just then she noticed something in the corner of her eye. She turned her head and at her window was two guys looking in

"Ahhh stop looking pervs!!"

She put the car into reverse and sped off towards her home.

