Love can bloom from wet shorts - Page 2

Author: Aquamin

*026*2020-01-15 16:37

I’m actually a bit unhappy with the last chapter and i am going to redo it.

*027*2020-01-20 22:47

Two Girls lay on a bed with bursting, bulging, full to the brim, and aching bladders. Madison and Annie were at a stage you could not call desperation. Both had long since passed their normal bladder limits. 1.8 Litres of warm, steaming urine were pent up inside there stretched piss pouches. The pounding pain each girl felt would convince many people to let go even in the midst of a bustling shopping centre. The overwhelming urge to drench their respective items of clothing and Madison's bed was beaten back by a combination of holding methods and pure willpower. Both Girls were determined to hold on a bit longer than the other. It would only be for a few slight seconds, but they would still be triumphant.

"How are you feeling?" Annie's voice broke through the silence that had fallen upon the room, the banter between the two friends had died off as all their concentration was placed on holding. "I've already said this 100 times Annie like I'm about to fucking explode" replied Madison. The last two words made both girls cringe. Madison wrestled with her vivid imagination as it tortured her with flowing rivers and flushing toilets. She grit her teeth and squeezed her vagina as another wave of desperation washed over her. Annie noticed her friends predicament and decided to tease. "About to release Niagra falls Madison?" The blonde shook her head "You first, Annie." Annie tried to rise up into a sitting position, but the feeling of her bladder about to burst open forced her to abandon that idea. "You're struggling as much as me Annie, admit it." Annie sighed but smiled "We are both up the creek without a paddle." The witty response earned a groan from Madison.

Madison knew that this contest was almost over. Despite her determination to hold and her enormous bladder capacity; there were only a few minutes left before her long-held piss forced its way out of her urethra. She fought to keep back panic and tears as she realised she would have to give up. Despite all her boasting about being the best and having the largest bladder in the group, she was about to wet herself like a little girl. "Madison, are you okay?" Annie's voice no longer sounded condescending. A loving, and caring tone, one Madison had never heard from Annie in a long time, wrapped her up like a warm blanket. "Madison, are you hurt?" Madison was shaking from more than just desperation. "Yes. It hurts." Suddenly Annie saw something she never thought she would ever witness. Madison, the tough and sporty tomboy, began to sob.

"Please don't leave me, Annie, don't think less of me for this. I never should have started this stupid challenge, now you are gonna see me piss myself." Madison's words struck Annie's heart like a freight train. "Madison you're my best friend, I'm not going to leave you. Please end this if it hurts you, I don't think any less of you."

"Yes, you will" sobbed Madison "I'm a freak who enjoys this." Madison hid her face in the pillow as she cried. She felt the bed shift as Annie got off the bed. "You're not a freak Madison. No friend would abandon you for what you like." The darkness of the pillow was replaced by Annie's beautiful smile as Madison was lifted up bridal style. Her sobbing calmed slightly as she gazed into Annie's pearl green eyes. "Especially a friend who loves the same."

Madison's crotch exploded with piss. The blue denim was turned to a deep black as hot urine thundered through it. The "Niagara falls" description from Annie earlier did not do Madison's torrent justice. The Pacific Ocean, Atlantic, and every other ocean were pouring out of Madison's urethra. A deafening hiss quickly filled the room only for it to drowned out by the loud splattering of pee falling onto the wooden floor. Madison's eyes went wide, the pleasure was unbelievable, the warmth amazing. She could hardly make any sounds, the intense feelings froze her in place.

Annie leaned in close to her face, the heat in her cheeks was almost as intense as that in her crotch, "I know everything." She tilted Madison slightly so that the rivers of urine ran down her legs. The splashing of pee made Annie's whispers almost imperceptible. The tight, blue denim shorts worn by Madison stuck to her thighs and panties as pee soaked and resoaked them. Going commando did Madison no favours as there was nothing to help soak up the immense volumes of piss before it hit her shorts. "I am Annabladder on the site. I am another omorashi lover." Annie positioned the stunned form of Madison so that she was standing up, although she would fall if Annie let go. Annie felt the familiar feeling of warm liquid hit the top of her already soaked thigh highs and decided it was time. Pushing herself as close as possible to Madison, she took a deep breath and leaned in for a kiss.

The next minute and a half were a blur. An impossibly large amount of pee left Madison's swollen bladder. Years worth of built-up tension and love between Madison and Annie finally reached its climax as both girls melted into each other as they kissed. Madison could only put up a weak effort as Annie's tongue invaded her mouth. Both almost passed out from the lack of air by the time they broke their kiss. Both girls were absolutely soaked through. Madison's shorts had turned almost completely black from the original dark blue shade.

Annie, who had held Madison at chest height, had a wet patch stretching from her boobs to the bottom of her skirt. She wiggled her toes inside her now warm thigh highs and shivered in delight. Madison panted heavily as she calmed down from her desperation and love-filled high. "Feel better Madison?" asked Annie in the same loving tone. "A lot better, Annie." Madison felt a kiss on her cheek. "I'm glad you do Madison. I meant everything I said, you know. I like omorashi, and I love you."

Madison collapsed back onto the bed "This must be a dream. This can't be real." Annie giggled "If it was a dream darling; then it would be a very good dream. Rest now Madison we will figure everything out later." A final kiss on the forehead sent Madison on her way to some of the best sleep she had ever had. While still in wet clothes, she drifted off to sleep. The sweet medley of a thick stream of urine and a loud moan emanating from the bathroom as Annie relieved herself was like a lullaby as she drifted off.

FINISH

I am so sorry for taking a while to update this story, i had a few days where my creative spirit was dead. I really enjoyed writing my first original story and will be continuing the endeavours of Annie and Madison in the future. Thank you all so much for the positive response. Ciao for now.

*032*2020-05-05 21:16

I think i may have made two different origin stories for how Madison and Annie met. Fuck.

