Tricia's trial

Author: Apan

*000*2023-12-23 20:00

So as the year is winding down I thought it time to start portioning out a story that's been brewing for the better part of the year. Again the basic idea was requested by @Kayn and I've been working on and off on it over way too long a time, but I promised to get it out by christmas so here we are. 

Disclaimer: I have absolutely no insight in court proceedings or other legal matters and whatever terms and orders of process referred to herein are all based on my own guesswork, so just humour me.

***

Part 1

"They're getting sued", she thought, "They're actually getting sued."

Patricia Wellstone, Tricia to her friends, was still not yet in the mental place where she felt comfortable referring to the compound of her new workplace as "we" as she pondered upon the situation she had been thrown head-first into. At a mere 27 years of age, she had graduated from law school only a couple of months ago after a 6 month internship at a local lawfirm where she managed to gain enough reputation in order to be headhunted for her first real employment as a legal expert at Moresoft, a mid-sized IT corporation. Freshly out of her educational stint, she was still enthusiastic enough to convince her surroundings of her eagerness and ambition and whatever role by which she could exercise and expand her legal knowledge would be sufficient for her at this point in her career.

This general open-ended outlook didn't quite stop her from getting a bit flustered at the situation that had risen at the corporation she now was working for. Her primary tasks as a legal expert were mainly counselling on behalf of Moresoft's customers, i.e. other companies who were purchasing IT services from them, and she knew that there wasn't that much expected of her regarding this lawsuit that had suddenly reared on the agenda. See, one of the IT customers had filed a class-action suit against Moresoft after a supposed security breach during a migration of a user database. The integrity of tens, maybe even up to a hundred, user accounts had been compromised, although it wasn't yet clear exactly what kind of information had actually been leaked, what accesses had been jeopardized and most importantly, under whose responsibility. The customer, a travel agency, claimed potential damage to the tune of $700.000 for compromising the personal integrity of their users, and by extension, their own customers, a hefty sum that the Moresoft representatives now were set to challenge. As it still wasn't clear exactly what kind of information had been leaked, and under what circumstances, it was still up in the air whether or not the claim of the travel agency was justified, and that's where Tricia now found herself on the way into the courtroom, only about a month into her newly found job as a legal expert.

Obviously, she was neither alone nor even bearing the main responsibility for this whole affair. That would be on the shoulders of her mentor, Mary-Anne Hopkins, about 20 years her senior with 12 years behind her as the main legal expert at Moresoft. Hopkins was certainly no spring chicken when it came to legal battles and courtroom proceedings, having spent about a decade prior as a lawyer in another town before moving here to take on part of the legal responsibilities of Moresoft's whereabouts. With a stern, almost teutonic manner, she was a prolific character inside the company, well-known for her ability to get things done, and more often than not her way. Naturally, Tricia was equally intimidated by as she was admiring of Mary-Anne, knowing that having her as her mentor would keep her on her toes at all times as she was drilled into her new role. Of course, normally neither of them would be needing to concern themselves with courtroom cases, rather dealing with legal councelling and maybe at most giving advice to their respective customers who might find themselves in some legal conundrum. But as of now it was all hands on deck; not only would Moresoft find itself in big financial trouble should the case turn out to their disadvantage, its reputation as a professional and reliable IT vendor would be severely tarnished which in turn would lead to further economical losses. It was paramount that they could prove not to have been the main perpetrators in this alleged security breach.

So one can imagine the weight of the phrase Tricia kept repeating in her head as she was on her way to work this monday morning - they were indeed getting sued. Maybe she was subconciously distancing herself from the potential severity of the situation by referring to Moresoft as "they" rather than "we", but she couldn't escape the fact that despite having been with them for just one month, she had already developed an affinity with them and felt some responsibility to do her utmost in any way she could to help their case, even outside of simply retaining her job. Living in a flat just a couple of kilometers away from Moresoft's office, she had made a habit of walking to and from work, and this crisp and sunny September morning was no exception. Strolling intently along the sidewalk in her overcoat, she felt simultaneously nervous and excited at what her working week would bring. The first courtroom session would take place already this afternoon and she was not yet quite sure exactly what she was supposed to do but felt confident that as long as she stayed in the shadow of Mrs. Hopkins, any creases would be ironed out in due time.

---

The air of the glowingly ginger autumn morning was high, naturally chilly but wind-free, thusly not doing a number on Tricia's dark brown, slightly wavy hair reaching down past her shoulders. She had been considering pinning up her hair but decided against it at the last minute, leaving it naturally free-flowing, not yet feeling that she had earned the right to sport that uptight business-woman look to its fullest extent. Nonetheless, she had made special effort to dress for the occasion, sporting a jet black button-up collared silk blouse, a tight grey knee-length skirt and a pair of light brown pantyhose underneath, disappearing down into a pair of black high-heels. Formal and elegant, but still with a touch of feminine sensuality, all crowned with her decision to let her hair down, literally. She knew she looked good, but most importantly, she knew she looked competent and self-assured, even if in all honesty, her confidence was definitely challenged by the prospects of her upcoming day. As she waited at a zebra crossing, she took up her water bottle from her purse and gulped down half of its content in order to quench her thirst and at least somewhat drown her nervousness, before putting it back down and continuing on her walk to the office.

Ten minutes to eight and the office appeared in her sight. Punctually as usual, she went through the front door into the lobby, past the receptionist and into the elevator for a ride up to her office at the third floor. Joined with her in the elevator were a couple of the servicedesk technicians, none of whom she really knew apart from seeing them in the hallways. She greeted them in passing before pressing the button and waited for her arrival, consciously avoiding their eye contact. Being a very pretty young lady in a male-dominated company, she always drew looks from the young lads, and her habit of dressing up for her workday did little to diminish her impact on their attention. Not that she minded really, but she couldn't help but feeling just a tad bit conspicuous whenever she found herself trapped in a tiny space like this elevator together with any of the male staffers, especially those with whom she shared the general agespan.

This morning was no different; the two lads, otherwise busy talking amongst themselves, couldn't really help eyeing the beautiful Tricia leaning against the corner, seemingly impatient to get out once they arrived at her floor. Her short, but not too short, and tight skirt revealed enough of pantyhosed leg to grab their interest even more than usual this morning. Such a bona fide token of utter femininity was more than a welcome deviation from their otherwise very blokish subsistence at their workplace. This together with her unbuttoned blouse collar, revealing all of her smooth neck down to just above her cleavage, almost teasingly hinting at what resided just beneath where the buttons began securing the silk fabric around her bosom, effectively kept the young lads from being able to concentrate on each other's endeavours the day before.

Not even a minute of sultry feminine presence and the elevator halted at the third floor, prompting the young lady to unpronouncedly bid farewell to her companions and leave them to their own destination one floor above. Tricia stepped out into the hallway and headed for her office, or desk rather, located in the office space at the far end of said hallway, past a few conference rooms and a small pantry. After putting away her purse, waking up the computer to check her e-mails and calendar, she immediately went off into one of the conference rooms for the obligatory morning meeting, scheduled as always every monday at 8:00 together with the managers, tech leads and other staffers with a relevant responsibility for what lay ahead. This morning's meeting would of course be of particular importance due to the upcoming court proceedings and Tricia left nothing to chance regarding her ability to pay attention to what was to be discussed. Thus, she loaded up her mug with some extra strong coffee from the machine before heading into the conference room and settled down at the table next to her mentor, the ever-imposing Mary-Anne Hopkins. That's Mrs. Hopkins to you and me.

---

"So, as you all know, we are getting sued", Herbert Wallenstein, one of the tech leads, commenced once everyone invited had assembled, "Quite a way to start off the week, huh?"

He proceeded to lay out what had been revealed so far about the upcoming case. To Tricia's slight bemusement, he didn't seem that alarmed about the whole affair and couldn't quite gauge whether it was due to it actually not being that big a deal or if he just excelled in pouring oil on troubled waters. Either way, she felt strangely confident about being part of it all despite simultaneosly feeling that she really didn't have any right to, almost as if it was all a giant drill which she could fail with no actual repercussions apart from a tarnished reputation. She momentarily felt her attention drift away and immediately snapped herself back into the meeting, fueling herself with a few compulsory sips of coffee.

"Make no mistake though, it's going to be a tough week for some of us, starting today with the first of several court hearings.", Herbert continued. "The work of the ordinary technicians won't really be affected but we have set aside a couple of them to be on standby, should there ever be any call for elaboration on the nitty-gritty of the operational routines."

The next 40 or so minutes went by with a whole barrage of information from Herb, all of which was to be taken into account when preparing for the court hearing which was scheduled in the afternoon at 13:00. It would be a long but packed day for everyone involved and the afternoon hearing meant that they would have to make for an early and slightly truncated lunch break at around 11:30, after which they would assemble and set off for the courthouse. To challenge their schedule even further, the court building was located on the other side of the town, at best a 30 minute drive but as they would be plowing through lunch hour traffic, such an estimate would be highly optimistic.

But before all that, Tricia had things to do. Before lunchtime, she was called to attend a meeting with the techies to inform herself among others on the operational side of things in order to gain insight in how certain procedures actually were done. What is a migration, what information is stored within the user accounts, by what methods can it be extracted, how are the permissions set etc., that kind of stuff. Tricia wasn't an IT person, she was a law expert and had a rather limited knowledge about what actually went on under the bonnet, so she was only too glad to learn that the managers had set aside time and staffers to brief her about the hands-on work, along with a few others of course, including Mary-Anne.

And speaking of Mary-Anne, the time slot up until that meeting would be spent by the two of them going through some old court cases, a few of which Mary-Anne herself had been part of, so after leaving the conference room, Tricia immediately followed her mentor to their designated desks behind the cubicle walls to get going with educating themselves about security breach cases. Well, almost immediately, but not before stopping by the pantry to refill her coffee mug and topping up her now empty water bottle again. As she walked away from the pantry, she glanced down the hallway and noticed the cleaning lady lugging in her equipment at the far end before walking to her desk. It was now about 8:45 and they had little over an hour dedicated to self-study before the tech meeting. Tricia settled onto her chair and casually crossed her pantyhose-clad legs, feeling her tight skirt straining slightly over her thighs.

*003*2024-01-20 17:36

Part 2

"So this is the one case I was part on driving home which is closest to our current one", Mary-Anne said as she made a gesture towards her computer screen. "I'll send it over for you to get an insight of the proceedings back then. Remember though that this was 7 years ago so whatever technical circumstances referred to therein may no longer fully apply"

Tricia nodded from where she sat by the desk next to Mary-Anne's. For the last half-hour she had been fully absorbed in reading up on similar cases to get a grip on the general approach. So absorbed in fact, that she hadn't consciously spared one thought on the reason why in all that time, she hadn't untied her crossed legs even once without re-crossing them the other way. But now as she was momentarily snapped out of her concentration, she became aware of that oh-so familiar feeling of a urine bladder steadily getting topped up. Counting the one large mug she had had for breakfast before leaving home, she had downed three mugs of coffe by now, and on top of that two bottlefuls of water in order to keep herself hydrated. Not yet desperate, she was still feeling enough of her bladder in order to involuntarily rock ever so slightly back and forth on her chair as she started skimming through the document her mentor had sent over.

"Just going to refill my water bottle, be right back", she uttered before rising up and walking towards the pantry. She had counted on making a casual detour all the way back to the restroom at the far end of the corridor, something which she had thought of doing already before starting working at her desk but reconsidered as she had spotted the cleaning lady entering the hallway and reckoned that the restroom was due for cleaning right then. As she went into the pantry she encountered a colleague by the sink, washing up his cup.

"Perfect!", she thought. This meant she had a good excuse to refill her bottle in the restroom instead, and emptying her bladder at the same time without having to hint at going in there solely for that very reason. She was very toilet-shy and felt conspicuous about explicitly deviating from whatever she was doing or whatever situation she was attending, and therefore disclosing her need in front of others. She had for the longest time tried to convince herself of the fact that everyone goes to the toilet and no one would be judging her of all people for doing the same, but there was just something so utterly embarrassing about knowing that others knew about her need to pee.

And the absolute nightmare scenario was if she had let herself grow so desperate that she was close to having an accident in a situation where the only way for her to get to a bathroom was to announce her pressing need to the people around her, which had happened on a handful of occasions, not least during her school years. Luckily she had always made it with dry clothes in the end, but for the price of a severly tarnished confidence, and that certainly didn't help with trying to overcome her shyness in that regard. On the other hand, she had become kind of an expert on plotting out escape routes in order to gain herself access to a toilet when she needed to, seeking out the tiniest of opportunity windows even in seemingly pressing situations. Sometimes it failed, quite often in fact, but her persistence and constant lookout seemed to always earn her a secluded and dignified relief in the end.

And despite being nowhere near desperate, this was a good example of that skill; now that the sink tap was momentarily unavailable, she obviously had to resort to refill it in the restroom instead, and while she was at it, she could just as well empty her bladder. It only made sense, even if she wasn't desperate. So she made her way to the restroom at the end of the hallway, right inside the entrance door which in turn led out to where the elevator was located. As she approached the restroom door, she reached out for its handle -

Locked.

Damnit.

Tricia's mind made some rapid reassessment of the situation - she always tended to overanalyze things - and concluded that waiting for the toilet to be free was beyond what was reasonable at that very moment, not least considering that she had much more important matters waiting for her on her computer screen. Thus, she went back to the pantry where her colleague had just finished up his washing.

"All yours, madam", he greeted her as he stepped away from the sink.

"Thanks", she smiled back and proceeded to fill up her water bottle for... the fourth time? Fifth? She tried to recall how many of these she had downed during the morning but failed to do so. She went back to her desk and sat down, again crossing her legs and managed to forget about her mounting need for now as she resumed her readings of earlier cases. Just over half an hour left before the tech briefing and she wanted to gulp down as much information as possible during the limited timespan.

###

"Ok, Patricia, time to go!", Mary-Anne announced as clock struck 10:00. Tricia looked up from her screen as her mentor stood up to walk to the conference room down the hallway.

"Coming!", she replied and followed Mary-Anne to the room where some of the technicians already had assembled, but they were apparently still waiting for a couple others, one of whom was the tech lead who had been tasked with hosting the meeting. Tricia sat down next to Mary-Anne at the boardroom table with one of the servicedesk techs on her immediate left. Again she crossed her legs in a casual manner but made a conscious effort to not move about, something which she by now would start doing in case she didn't watch herself. Her bladder had been steadily filling up during the last half-hour since her failed attempt to sneak away into the restroom, but it was still manageable without any problem.

A couple of minutes went by without the missing techies turning up. One of the staffers sitting at the front end of the table took it upon him to call for their tech lead via Teams on his laptop and got the reply that he was on his way but had been stuck with a minor incident. Tricia's very still posture where she sat made her growing need slightly more pronounced, constantly reminding her of the fact that it would most likely not subdue over time but rather the opposite.

She looked at the clock on the wall - 10:05. Could she get away with sneaking off to the toilet before the remainder turned up and the meeting commenced? Again she didn't want to announce her urinary need in front of all the young lads around the table - although admittedly there were a couple of girls present as well - so she turned her attention to her half-full water bottle and prepared to excuse herself to go and top it up, and in the process take that casual stroll past the restroom. She mustered enough courage to ever so slightly draw attention to herself and stood up to make for the door. The absentees could turn up at any moment so she had to be swift to make it before -

"Sorry, sorry everyone, my fault entirely! Had to attend an incident before heading here, sorry guys!"

Trevor Hawkins, the aforementioned tech lead, stormed in, slightly out of breath, with another guy on his heels who sat down near the front as Trevor himself positioned himself by the whiteboard in front of the room.

"You're lucky, everyone was just about to leave!", joked one of the lads to some spontaneous laughter. Even Tricia cracked a smile as she sat down again, but couldn't help but feeling a bit frustrated as her brief opportunity had been snatched from her. Oh well, there's nothing for it but wait it out. She wasn't really desperate anyway, at least not yet, and could easily wait until lunchtime without making a spectacle of herself.

###

For the next fifteen minutes, Trevor went through a general overview of the servicedesk routines with the rest of the room idly listening with various degrees of enthusiasm. Most of the techies drifted off into their own thoughts, one or two occasionally checking things on their laptops that they didn't ought to. Not only did none of them need to hear about what they did day-in day-out for a living, but few things could interest them less than all of the legal talk that this meeting nonetheless would revolve around. Tricia on the other hand could not affort to let this opportunity to educate herself on the practical everyday matters pass her by. She sat listening intently to Trevor's monologue while absent-mindedly sipping on her water bottle throughout, momentarily forgetting all about her growing need.

Trevor rounded up his introductory speech and was about to hand over the word to his colleagues who were to showcase some of the tickets which were subject to scrutiny in this case. Everyone in the room executed a brief stretching of their limbs in passing while one of the techies proceeded to open up the case platform. After being shook out of her concentration and moving herself about on her chair, Tricia realized just how full her bladder had become during the last fifteen minutes. She felt the urine pressing outwards onto the walls of her bladder, but more importantly, downwards onto her sphincter which she now consciously had to tense up ever so slightly. She looked at her now empty water bottle on the table and was reminded of where all that water would end up, if it hadn't already. At that moment, she noticed out of the corner of her eye her boss rising up from her chair beside her.

"Just going to get myself a glass of water", Mary-Anne whispered to her protegé as she pushed in her chair. Tricia seized her chance.

"I'm coming with you, I need to refill my water bottle", she whispered back as she rose from her chair, immediately feeling the weight of the liquid inside of her abdomen pressing downwards. She couldn't have picked a better moment to sneak out to relieve herself.

Or so she thought.

"I can take care of that for you. You'd better remain here for the run-through and acquaint yourself with their routines. Time is tight as it is.", Mary-Anne whispered back as she grabbed Tricia's bottle from the table.

Tricia's heart sank. She had but a split second to act, react and retort before her boss disappeared out from the room. No, it's alright, I can fill my own bottle, I mean, I need to... I want to... fill it myself because... because... I... I just need to... do that. Oh god, the words sped around inside her brain at 200 km/h but none of them made any sense, not unless she wanted to disclose her other more pressing need. Which she didn't. So she let her oh so brief moment of potential salvation slide past her fingers for those few seconds it took for her boss to scurry out from the meeting room. Meanwhile a couple of the techies began speaking as they projected their case tickets on the big screen at the front. She had to remain there, because everything they would talk about would be of importance to her own input in this whole legal endeavour.

Tricia sat back down, trying to calm herself down and convince herself that she had endured worse desperations than this without incidents. Which was true, but she couldn't ignore just how uncomfortable she was becoming. She calculated in her mind when she would get a new chance to visit the toilet. About 40 minutes left of this session and they would all be off to lunch. That's when she would ever so discreetly sneak off into the toilet on the way out. She just had to endure this dull pressure mounting inside of her for another 40 minutes. Which was just a little more than half an hour. Which suddenly didn't sound that long after all. No problem.

After about 5 more minutes, Mary-Anne silently returned to the room, tip-toeing towards her chair beside Tricia who couldn't help but wonder if her boss had taken the opportunity to relieve herself in addition to top up the water supplies. Tricia felt a pang of bitterness at the thought but all the same knew full well that Mary-Anne was the senior, the experienced one who had outlived most, if not all, of the others inside this room when it came to the processes and routines employed inside the organisation.

She had every right in the world not to necessarily pay full attention to this particular meeting and Tricia knew it. Not that this realization did anything to persuade her bladder of the fact; slowly but relentlessly it topped itself up with more and more urine as the session dragged on. Tricia did her best not only to concentrate on what was being said, but also to sit as still as possible, pressing her crossed legs against each other in periods in order to compensate for the lack of movement.

The session trudged on and Tricia's bladder was steadily filling. She replayed her boss's brief water break from before in her head, each time realizing more and more what a perfect excuse it would have been for her to tag along even for an explicit toilet break. She kicked herself mentally for squandering such a good opportunity to relieve herself, especially considering that it would have been bundled together with her going for a refill of her bottle and therefore sort of diminishing the importance of the restroom visit.

Damnit, why did she have to be so self-conscious! It's such an insignificant and trivial thing after all, no one would have batted an eyelid. Instead, she was now doomed to wait out the session lest her outing her growing desperation by requesting a brief break in the midst of it all which most certainly would be interpreted as a bit of an emergency, and that was the last thing she wanted. All the same, she became more and more nervous at the prospect of not having time to go before they all went out to lunch, which was a real possibility considering how packed their schedule was.

As the briefing drew closer to the end, Tricia felt her window of opportunity shrinking by the minute. Her pulse rate increased at the thought of not being able to visit the toilet before they left for lunch. Trevor ceased talking for a couple of seconds - Tricia seized her chance:

"Can I go to the bathroom?"

"...so we know that no one apart from the domain administrators could have had access to the supposedly leaked user account attributes...", the tech lead continued, seemingly only pausing for that brief moment that Tricia interpreted as a break in his speech. Oh no, he didn't hear me! She panicked slightly, immediately looking around her for even the slightest affirmation from any of her colleagues, but her faint request simply hadn't been assured and intent enough for anyone to notice. Or if they did, they didn't acknowledge it. Or if they did, they didn't care. Her mind went into overdrive.

What if some of them actually heard her? Maybe even the tech lead did? Then it would be beyond embarrassing to utter it again; not only would it upset them for her disturbing the flow of the meeting, it would emphasize how much she needed the toilet because the silly little new girl pretending to be a business lady is about to wet herself! She felt so stupid for reasoning like that, even if it was more instinct than reasoning, but she couldn't help it. Announcing her bathroom needs had always been among the most embarrassing things she knew of.

###

Her faint request hadn't gone totally unnoticed either; across the table was sat one of the techies, Jonah, who just so happened to have overheard Tricia's slighted plea. She only had had to utter her request in order for him to immediately shift his focus across the meeting room table - the prettiest girl in the room wearing the sexiest clothing had just asked for permission to go to the toilet! He was immediately rushed back to his scooldays and wonderful memories of shy desperate girls anxiously waving their hands to request a trip to the toilet. Most of the time the teacher let them go but on one occasion that would forever be etched into his memory, their teacher had been in such a bad mood that he had explicitly barred everyone from leaving class until it was over.

One of the girls in his class then had been absolutely bursting and had desperately asked for permission twice despite the teacher's toilet embargo, and right after having been denied for the second time, she flooded her chair, trying everything to stop it by writhing around on the seat with double-crossed legs but spectacularily failing. Jonah found himself in seventh heaven witnessing her piss raining down all around her chair while also spreading upwards over her crossed legs, totally soaking everything in its way.

It was the only accident he had ever witnessed, but ever so, even just the slightest hint of a pretty girl needing a toilet was enough to perk up his attention to the max. His current profession being amongst a very male-dominated crowd of course meant that even having a female in the vicinity at work was already distracting. And now that female was not only incredibly pretty and dressed incredibly sexy, but she also needed the toilet! He had been waiting, almost holding his breath in the wake of Tricia's request, begging, praying, imploring inside his head that whoever felt they were in charge would deny her request. But what ensued was possibly even better - no one reacted! He sat with beating heart and for a moment the world stood still as he slowly realized that she wouldn't even be denied - she wouldn't be granted! The absence of a yes means no! He couldn't believe it!

As the realization that her request had gone unnoticed, Tricia re-crossed her legs the other way and went back to typing away on her laptop, wiggling slightly on her chair, her legs moving somewhat from side to side. This display of silent resignation and desperation drove Jonah crazy. Could this be the beginning of a reprise of his wonderful classroom memory of the poor girl who pissed herself? No, her daredn't hope. Schoolgirls might wet themselves once in a blue moon, but not professional office ladies. But as the meeting wasn't yet over, and the fact that she had even made the request in the first place meaning she might have felt that she wouldn't last until the end, he was at least prepared for some potential desperation action...

*006*2024-03-01 10:40

Apologies for the delay. Of course there'll be more parts, it's just that my inspiration is at a low right now. I have it all roughly written out in my head so it's "only" a matter of getting it down, but rest assured I'll be trudging on to get it done.

*008*2024-03-10 19:39

Again, sorries and apologies for the untimely delay. As I said, inspiration has shone in its absence lately and I just haven't gotten around to get the words down on paper (figuratively, obviously) as fluently as I had predicted this time around. No one to blame but myself and I hope to be able to produce and deliver the remaining chapters a bit more swiftly than I have thus far. A story thread commenced is a promise to anyone reading it, and far be it from me to willingly waive that solemn vow. With that highfaluting apology out of the way, let's see if our heorine will finally gain her hard-earned relief this time.

###

Part 3

With about 10 minutes left, Trevor began sounding like he was about to wrap it all up, now having covered all the basics regarding the servicedesk routines. Tricia, having taken it all in whilst concentrating hard on sitting still with her tightly crossed legs, took note of Trevor's speech and waited eagerly for his concluding statement. If they finished up in the next few minutes, she would actually have time to sneak into the restroom before lunchtime. She would pack up her laptop quickly and discreetly hurry out of the room, down the hallway and into the restroom before anyone had reason to delay her.

Trevor continued winding down, but was interjected by one of the techies. Oh, shut up! Tricia thought, convincing herself that she had jotted down all the essentials on her laptop which she now had locked and folded down in front of her. 5 minutes left. Still they were talking. Tricia sat with her legs uncrossed but bouncing rapidly up and down under the table, partly from her ever-increasing desperation but mainly from simple restlessness. 4 minutes left. She became more and more nervous about not having time to get to the toilet. Is he finally about to utter his last sentence? .... .... ...still going on. 2 minutes left. "Oh, and another thing...." NO! Please wrap it up, will you! Tricia discreetly drew breath through her clenched teeth in frustration. Her thighs swung from side to side on her chair. I don't have time, please end now, I've got to get to the toilet before we leave!!

All the while, Jonah's heart was beating away as he thanked the universe for each subsequent minute that passed without the meeting having ended. He constantly and silently prayed for it to go on and on, even contemplating throwing in some made-up question on his own just to stifle proceedings. But he realized with glee as he cast a glance towards Trevor that he wouldn't even need to do that, since Trevor obviously was in no hurry to wrap things up. Oh my god, this is perfect. Jonah continued watching sweet Tricia from across the table as she subtly moved about on her chair. 

He took note of the somewhat distressed look on her face, eyes wandering towards the clock on the wall every now and then, alternating with a not insignificant hint of restlessness and frustration every time she gazed forward towards Trevor. How desperate could she be now? It had been about half an hour since her unheeded request which all in itself implied a significant degree of desperation, and it would definitely have risen quite a bit since then. It almost didn't matter whatever happened from now on; he had already been given enough fetish fuel in order for his mind to work overtime. Images of poor Tricia writhing around on the chair whizzed through his head, her gripping the sides of the seat, all red-faced, teary-eyed, almost crying and anxiously panting, squeezing her pantyhose-clad thighs together as piss started to spurt out underneath her, spreading on the back of her tight skirt and onto the seat before starting to drip on the floor as the last few minutes of the meeting firmly held her imprisoned inside this room. Oh please Trevor, keep us all in here just a few more minutes!

With her laptop now stowed away inside its case, Tricia was now literally on the starting line of the hundred meter sprint, waiting for the gun to fire. The clock had mercilessly drifted way past the 11:30 mark as Trevor constantly seemed to find new things to mention about this bloody case! However excited she was about being part of it, it had started to feel more and more like a curse, perpetuating her increasing desperation and effectively occluding any opportunity window for her to excuse herself to the restroom. With her legs subtly fanning in and out under the table and her hands gripping the sides of the chair, she sat upright staring imploringly at Trevor who finally, finally, had managed to find his way out of his tirade.

"Well, I think we've covered all the essentials here. We've kept you in here for long enough now."

"You can say that again!", Tricia thought to herself with not a small a hint of sarcastic bitterness, briefly casting an evil eye towards Trevor as she quickly stood up, all but ready to rush off to the nearest restroom before -

"Ok, folks. We really need to get going now!", came Mary-Anne loud and clear across the room, making sure no one would miss out on her command.

She continued: "We have about 40 minutes to get to the restaurant and have our lunch and then we absolutely must be on our way to the courthouse. I'll call them in advance to prepare salads for us all, I assume that'll be alright with you lot?"

Tricia started to stress out. Mary-Anne's swift and commanding manners were not to be ignored and she instantly knew that the possibility to sneak away even for a couple of minutes to the restroom before heading out was immediately thwarted. Her bladder in turn beckoned her for attention, sitting inside her like a water balloon, constantly pressing outwards and - most fatally - downward. She had definitely been this desperate before so she knew she had it in her to manage for a bit longer, but knowing the incredibly packed schedule there was very little telling of when and were she would get the chance to finally relieve herself. Her mind was spinning as she followed Mary-Anne and the rest of the group out into the hallway towards the foyer. As they passed through the reception area, Tricia cast longing glances towards the restrooms at the far end of the foyer, heavily debating with herself whether she should excuse herself for just a minute and then catch up with the rest...

...but as the group trodded swiftly towards the entrance she knew her chance of doing so casually without causing a minor scene was next to nil. She felt she had no choice but to go with the flow and tagged along as inconcpicuosly as she could. Her heels clicked against the concrete on the ground as they exited the building, her steps landing just a tiny bit too close to each other to signal a perfectly relaxed posture, and beneath her tight skirt her nylon-clad thighs rasped against each other with each movement. To an unsuspecting eye there was nothing in particular about her manners that would make her stand out at a fleeting glance. Just a well-dressed business woman in the company of her colleagues on the way to the nearby lunch restaurant. Tricia herself was dead set on not ruining that facade despite having to battle her ever-filling bladder. However, she knew that at least she could use the restroom once at the restaurant.

###

With the restaurant a mere five minute walk away, the group arrived soon enough and with Mary-Anne taking the lead they all stepped inside and convened in front of the counter.

"Moresoft, table for six.", Mary-Anne announced to the waiter in her usual authoritative manner.

"Welcome, we've reserved a table for you back here, just come with me!", the waiter replied and immediately led the group into the dining area.

Tricia followed along with her arms crossed in front of her, sneaking glances all around in order to spot the restrooms. She really didn't want to have to ask for them if she could help it, and hoped for them to reveal themselves naturally from where they would be sitting.

"Here we are, have a seat and I'll bring out your salads in just a moment. They should be ready by now.", the waiter announced as he presented the group with their table, situated just at the far end of the dining area, with a wall-mounted sofa on one side and a row of chairs on the other.

"Thank you very much, appreciate it!", Mary-Anne replied to the young gentleman, always greatful towards anyone providing good service.

Tricia stood by the table for a brief moment, looking anxiously around as she realized with a slight rise in panic that there were no restrooms to be seen from where they were, nor were there any indication of where they might be or in which direction. She concluded that they must be at the other end of the restaurant, possibly near the entrance. She bit her lip and was just about to turn around to look for them -

"Have a seat everyone," Mary-Anne chirped in, clearly signalling that she was indeed expecting everyone to take this opportunity to sit down and wind down for a bit before the upcoming afternoon. Tricia hesitated for a brief second before somewhat reluctantly placing herself on one of the chairs. At least she wouldn't be all trapped in like she would had she gone for a place in the sofa on the other side of the table. She sat down with her hands in her lap, concentrating on sitting still but with her knees pushed tightly together. Her full bladder beckoned beneath her tight business skirt as the waistband tightened its grip around it when she sat down. She would down her salad briskly and then excuse herself - if necessary - and casually head across the restaurant and look for that elusive restroom that just had to be somewhere near the entrance. No worries, another ten minutes and then she would finally be relieved of her growing burden.

"So, I assume this is your first major law case, then?"

Herbert Sinclair, one of the senior executives, had taken the seat next to Tricia and began some small-talk as the team started on their lunch salads.

"Yes," Tricia replied, "I mean, I've been through court cases before, but only as a spectator. This is the first time I've actually been somewhat involved."

She stifled an impulse to twist around on her chair as she spoke with Herbert, substituting it with a discreet clenching of her thighs in order to stave off her rising need.

"I wouldn't worry too much, in all honesty", Herbert replied in turn, "I've been through several cases like this in my career, and more often than not, it's been proven that data leaks have been caused by the customer's own mishandling of information in one way or another."

Tricia nodded in agreement as she continued on her salad, ever mindful of not topping up with any excessive water in the process.

Herbert continued, "The security standards at Moresoft are way beyond what is officially required and given the nature of this particular data breach, it would be damn nigh impossible to trace it back to the lack of procedure on our part, I'd say."

"Well, that's why I went for this company, wasn't it? Always play the best team." Tricia butted in, trying to engage herself in conversation not to raise any suspicion about a certain other issue.

###

For the next ten or so minutes, the team around the table devoured their respective salads along with some work-related conversation. Tricia tried her utmost to keep up without coming off as rushed in her eating manners. She made sure to finish her lunch soon enough to clear the pathing for her next move, which was away from the table and towards wherever the restroom could be. Being entangled in casual talk mainly with Herbert next to her, she was on the constant lookout for a pause, or a deviation of attention on his part.

However, the conversation soon involved the rest of the table, meaning she had to divert her attention to the others, including her mentor sitting right across the table. She didn't have very much to add to what was being discussed but nonetheless felt she had to remain involved, constantly interjecting with the odd "Yes, mhm, indeed" as her superiors discussed the current legal matter as well as related topics. Despite successfully keeping up a solid facade of interest and engagement, most of her attention was on being on the lookout for that oh so elusive window of opportunity to sneak away. She sat with her legs crossed, trying to keep still but all the while rocking ever so slightly back and forth in order to keep her very full bladder shut.

The stress of not knowing when that window would open up made her pulse rate increase and as the precious remaining minutes of their lunch break whizzed by, she writhed around on her chair with her tightly crossed legs, both from desperation but even more from mounting frustration. It felt almost like her whole inside was being more and more tightly wound up like a spring. Blah blah blah, legal this and judicial that, please stop talking, please talk with someone else! Time was running out - she had to get away from the table and find the restrooms before they left!

But the chatter went on. Tricia's interactions were now totally on autopilot, but she was self-aware and knowledgeable enough to keep up the facade, despite absolutely bursting beneath her tight business skirt. She shifted her leg-crossing from one way to the other in order to have an excuse to move about and keep the massive water balloon shut. The minutes ticked by and one of the senior managers made a passing comment hinting about it being time to leave in order to keep up with schedule. Tricia, now trapped in a conversation with Mary-Anne, heard it and felt her heart rate spike. Time was running out! And as if that wasn't enough, next to her Herbert rose from his chair:

"Just popping off to the gents before we're off, be right back", he casually announced and strode away from the table.

Tricia, still firmly wound up in conversation, seethed inside. He got to go! I didn't get to go! Why does he get to go and I have to remain here about to piss myself at the table?! It was so stupid; she could have excused herself at any moment during the lunch, and she could have interrupted her mentor and just tag along Herbert - she should have done that, it was the sensible thing to do - but she didn't dare. She was too shy and whatever Mary-Anne was saying to her was too important to disrupt. She turned her head ever so slightly for just a second, just enough to make out Herbert in the corner of her eye, disappearing across the restaurant, still not quite hinting at where the restrooms really were. He got to go and I didn't. Meanwhile, Mary-Anne didn't seem intent on finishing talking and Tricia couldn't but hollowly continue nodding and yessing in agreement.

Just then the waiter appeared at their table:

"Hope your lunch tasted well. Everyone finished eating?", he said, ready to clear off the table.

"It certainly did," Mary-Anne replied, breaking herself away from the conversation with Tricia, "We're just about to leave, so you're free to take our plates"

Tricia again seized her chance:

"Excuse me," she whispered to the waiter as he leaned down to clear the table, "Could you point me to the restrooms?", her hushed voice clearly displaying a not insignificant amount of stress.

"Sure, madam. Just across the restaurant, past the entrance and to the left, there's a passage leading to a compartment where you'll find the ladies' room."

"Thank you!", she replied as she rose from her chair, feeling the weight of her bloated bladder. As casually as she could possibly muster, she added: "Just going to freshen up before we leave."

"Be sure to make it quick, Tricia", Mary-Anne interjected, "The taxi will arrive any minute now and we do need to be on our way!"

"Oh, I'll be quick" Tricia replied, blushing slightly as she scurried away from the table.

###

She strode across the restaurant according to the directions she had been given, and sure enough, just at the far end of the promised passageway, there was indeed a compartment announcing two ladies' toilets, separated from the adjacent compartment where the men's were located. She immediately reached out for the closest door -

Locked.

Then she tried the one next to it -

Locked.

Of course. Of course they were. Of course they both had to be occupied! Why would she immediately get to go? Of course that wasn't going to happen!

She folded her arms around her chest as she impatiently paced back and forth inside the compartment. She listened intently for any aural cue of any of the occupants finishing up, but all she could make out was some faint rustling and shifting of feet. She felt the precious seconds ticking away, her heart rate increasing as she sighed loudly in total frustration. Please hurry up in there, will you! She so wanted to knock on the doors and implore whoever was in there to finish up already, but she knew that would be both futile and impolite. She really didn't want to be that person; they are finished when they are finished.

But the looming fear of not knowing when that would be, and in turn the fear of not being able to go before they left, was bubbling up inside of her. She crossed her legs and bobbed up and down in total frustration as she pondered on her options. She could try the gents', it was technically possible, there was no logical contradiction in doing so. But was it called for? She theorized about it for a few seconds, biting her lip, breathing heavily, hesitating, hesitating, hesitating... and, like someone about to make their first parachute jump out of a plane, she rushed out of the ladies' compartment, heading swiftly towards the gents -

"Ah, Tricia! Good idea to take the opportunity to go now before we're leaving. Shall we go and meet up with the others and be on our way then?"

Herbert. Good ol' Herbert, exiting the gents and swiftly making for the entrance right after his rethorical enquiry, obviously assuming that Tricia had already taken care of business since she was just emerging from the ladies'.

No! I have to go first! I haven't been yet! The ladies' are occupied and I really really really have to go before we leave! I'm bursting! I'm absolutely bursting! Please wait for me, I'll be quick, I promise!!

Is what she wanted to say, or rather, is what her bladder wanted her to say, sitting inside her abdomen, aching and pulsating and full of liquid and getting fuller by the minute. But Herbert's swift exit and blissful obliviousness left no room for her to interject. She stood outside the gents compartment for a split second, her head spinning, thoughts bouncing around at the speed of sound inside it, time almost slowing to a standstill for a moment. But there was no time, no way she could remain there, no way she could even announce the absolute necessity of her remaining for just a couple more minutes without making a scene and beg for the rest of the team to wait for the silly little schoolgirl to go potty because she would wet herself otherwise!

With her heart beating at highway speed, she hesitantly made for the entrance where the rest of them were about to leave for the taxi waiting outside.

"Good, everyone ready," Mary-Anne concluded, "Let's go then. We need to be there in half an hour tops. Let's just hope the traffic isn't too heavy."

The team split up into the two taxi cabs, Tricia following Mary-Anne into the backseat of one of the cars together with Herbert and one of the managers, with the remainder getting into the other car. She couldn't believe her bad luck, how every opportunity for relief thrown her way had been snatched away at the last moment. Her bladder ached inside, beckoning for release with her young feminine thighs clasping it shut as she sat there in the middle of the backseat, unrelieved. She silently prayed that the traffic at least would let them through quickly enough so that she would have time to look for the bathrooms well inside the courthouse and finally be able to let go of all that liquid that had generated throughout the morning.

Because if she didn't... oh no, oh god no! She almost cried at the very thought.

*011*2024-03-24 22:21

Part 4

The two taxi cabs snaked their way through the city surprisingly smooth as the worst of the lunch rush had died down. No one was more thankful over this than Tricia, sitting in the backseat between Mary-Anne and Herbert, doing everything in her might not to move about. Her by now very full bladder left her no rest though, aching, pulsating, throbbing and constantly urging for release. She sat with her pantyhose-clad knees tight together, constantly tensing and releasing her thighs to try and stimulate her muscles to keep on holding back the ocean inside her. She slided her hands back and forth on top of her skirt as she counted the minutes until they finally would arrive at the courthouse. 

12:45 and counting. Considering how her opportunities thus far for reaching a restroom had been so cruelly and untimely thwarted, she became more and more concerned and worried that she wouldn't be able to nip off to one this time either before the court proceedings. She convinced herself over and over that that simply wasn't an option - there just had to be restrooms in the vicinity of where they were heading once inside, in the lobby, along the corridor, outside the courtroom, of course there would be restrooms easily available!

But as they approached the courthouse, she couldn't help but freak out slightly over the fact that as far as all the others were concerned, she had just been to the restroom at the restaurant. This meant she had to either discreetly sneak away on her own or come up with a plausible excuse for a quick visit to the ladies' that didn't suggest having a pee - which she obviously already had had. Or she could simply own up to not having been able to go at the restaurant - again the sensible thing to do, of which she was painfully aware - but why didn't she go earlier then? I don't know. You've had all morning to take a bathroom break! I know! So why didn't you? I don't know!!! 

God, she felt so stupid, and the fact that she hadn't owned up to it immediately as they left the restaurant but instead continued biting her tounge made her feel even more stupid. And the more she waited, the more stupid - and desperate - she would become! Damnit damnit damnit! Why did she have to be so incredibly self-conscious?!

12:55 and the cabs turned onto the parking lot outside the courthouse. Mary-Anne took care of the payment as the remainder clambered out of the cars. Tricia had but one objective in sight - immediately finding the restrooms, because by now she was really running out of time! Her bladder pounded, begging for release but she managed to stealthily squeeze her thighs together as she stood among the others while waiting for Mary-Anne to join them inside. The team entered the court building and Tricia immediately scanned the lobby for any signs of a facility as they strode across the floor. All of them marched on with Mary-Anne taking the lead towards the wide hallway leading to the main court hall with a swift enough pace to deny Tricia any chance to spot any restroom signs in the lobby area. As the group made their way through the hallway, she hoped and prayed for at least one of them to excuse themselves and look for the restrooms that still refused to reveal themselves along the way.

But apparently everyone else were fine. Tricia was the only one needing a toilet, the only one in the group in such disgraceful need and acute discomfort. Everyone else were just fine while she was literally in danger of soon having an accident in her tight busineess skirt in front of her colleagues and other professionals, and none of them were any the wiser! 12:58 and they arrived outside the courtroom. She had to say something before entering, she just had to! Her heart beat like a hammer, sweat actually breaking forth in her forehead and a cold gust surged through her whole body, almost making her feel sick for a moment. Say it. Say it. Say it. Just say it. Just excuse yourself, go to the bathroom and it will all be over! Just say it goddamnit!!!

"Good, we made it just in time, didn't we?", Mary-Anne jovially announced as the team started following her through the open door into the courtoom.

SAY IT, PLEASE SAY IT FOR GOD'S SAKE SAY IT!!!!!!!

Tricia's breath became short and shallow as she unwillingly found herself autopiloting amongst her colleagues into the courtroom and towards the third bench row from the front. Her eyes darted around the room almost instinctively as if trying to find an escape route but soon she found herself inching inwards the row with Mary-Anne in front and the rest of the team behind her, ending up more or less in the middle with five of her colleagues on her left. Her bladder was fuller than ever and ached inside her abdomen as she reluctantly placed herself on the wooden bench, desperate, defeated and in total disbelief that she had managed to end up in such a horrible situation!

She immediately clenched her legs together as she felt a spasm surge through her lower parts. She could feel the liquid pushing against her sphincter as she as stealthily as possible rocked back and forth on the wooden seat. She looked around the courtroom and towards the front as the clock struck 13:00. The room buzzed with random voices of lawyers, prosecutors, defendants, plaintiffs and other audience members. The judge, a sten-looking woman with grey hair and tiny black-rimmed glasses resting on the tip of her nose, still hadn't announced anything. Maybe, maybe if she acted quickly, Tricia could excuse herself and rid herself of her immense desperation before it all started. For a split second she tried to focus all the courage she could possibly muster. Just say it! It was on the very tip of her tounge; excuse me, could I just -

"Order in the court!"

With those words and a strike of the wooden hammer, the judge then opened the hearing session. This was it. Tricia was trapped, sat right in the middle of the row with a throbbing bladder still expanding to contain the slow but steady stream of liquid from her kidneys, doomed to wait until a break was announced. Her desperation had now surpassed anything she had experienced ever before in her life. This was now untreaded territory. She had no reference point as of how long she had left before her bladder would give in once and for all. And she would be in a courtroom, all dressed up in her open-collared blouse, tight-fitting pencil skirt and dark brown pantyhose, surrounded by her colleagues and maybe 50 other people when she would find out.

There was a very good chance that they all in due time would find the court proceedings interrupted by a muffled hiss and an increasing pitter-patter along with the faint musty smell of hot urine, and she would be the cause of it, and she knew it! Not that she ever had had an accident herself but she could clearly remember other girls having accidents in class during her schooldays on a couple of occasions. She remembered exactly what it looked, sounded and smelled like, and how totally devastated they had been, and now she could be next - only she was supposedly an adult professional at that! The mere thought made her freak out inwardly and another icy gust ran through her body, causing her to momentarily twist herself into a taut corkscrew before somewhat regaining a normal sitting position.

"Calm down, remember you're not expected to account for anything in this case", Mary-Anne whispered, obviously noticing something seemed to be amiss with her young professional colleague. "You just have to pay attention and take note of the most important bits."

Tricia nodded meekly, feeling her face flush as she did a gargantuan effort to sit still. But her bladder pounded on beneath her tight skirt, taunting her abdominal muscles enough for her to having to writhe around on the bench in order not to give in to the dreaded flood. Oh god, it hurt, it hurt so much! A dull aching pain lingering on inside her lower body, constantly signalling for an urgent release. But the outer circumstances held no quarter - several layers of tight clothing, a wooden bench, tons of people, tons of formality, tons of decorum, the risk of being scolded like a little child, the risk of getting fired, an untold amount of time and an untold distance from the nearest restroom. She had no choice but to keep her dam ports firmly shut for god knows how much longer, however painful.

###

The first hearing then commenced. One of the representatives for the plaintiff stepped into the interrogation dock as the prosecutor began enquiring about the data leak. Meanwhile, Tricia sat in absolute agony equipped with a writing-pad and a pen, trying to focus in on whatever important details might come up during the interrogation. Her by now rock-hard bladder constantly reminded her that she was now living on borrowed time - there was only so much room inside to store the perpetual refilling of urine and once it was all used up it would come out, regardless of whether or not she was sat on a toilet, and she knew it!

As she still didn't dare squirming around too much if she could help it, she constantly curled her toes inside her heels in order to convince her lower body that at least some movement was going on in order to keep her sphincter shut. But the massive dam of urine pushed and pushed and it was only a matter of time before it would manage to escape. Whatever that particular amount of time was, she prayed over and over that the time left until the upcoming break wouldn't exceed it.

The interrogation trudged on as the representative constantly tripped over his own logic while trying to lay down the timeline of the events surrounding the data leak. Had she not been in the situation she was now, Tricia would probably have allowed herself a light-hearted pun that there was about to be a much greater data leak right here in the courtroom, but as it was, there was absolutely nothing light-hearted about the severity of her ongoing struggle. She would have given anything for there to be but a mere leak to fear, but she was all too aware that a literal flash-flood was a more apt analogy. And on top of it all, the staggering cross-examination with that half-wit in the booth seemed to drag on forever, leaving even the prosecutor visibly frustrated while some of the attorneys listened in disbelief.

Again, had she not been in this situation, Tricia would have revelled in the poor testimony on part of the plaintiff, meaning the case against Moresoft might even barely take off. But she was, so she didn't. Nothing of what was being said made any sense and neither did the occasional note she made on her pad in order to conceal her emergency. She slid back and forth on the wooden bench with her hand pressing through the front of her tight skirt while shielding it with the writing pad, but the skirt was of course too tight to provide any yield for her desperately clawing left hand. She gave up and looked around the room for no particular reason, her eyes almost glazing over.

A surge of immense desperation shot through her body, causing her to swiftly return her hand underneath the pad, pressing down through her skirt against the inside of her thigh while pinching her knees tightly together to withstand the looming catastrophy. This was absolute agony - it hurt so much, and still she couldn't do anything about it AND she had to conceal it on top of that!

Eventually, after about half an hour, the prosecutor was done with his cross-examination of the first representative. Of course this was by no means heralding an upcoming break - that would have been too good to be true - and in place of the prosecutor came one of the attorneys, pleading on behalf of Moresoft. Tricia sat crossing and re-crossing her legs one way and the other while rocking back and forth on the bench, constantly clenching her thighs against each other beneath her tightly stretched skirt. It felt like her whole inside was swimming with urine by now and she had all but given up on making sense of her own notes, haphazardly scribbling down scattered phrases in passing in order to at least try and distract herself, if only ever so slightly. But the pressure was constant. 

Over and over again she fels her sphincter almost giving up, just about starting to loosen up from exhaustion and commencing the fatal flood, but against all odds, she managed to squirm herself shut every time, twisting from side to side.

The attorney continued grilling the by now even more incoherent representative who only made the case look more and more ridiculous on part of the plaintiff. Judging by his hobbling account, it became apparent that the data leak had been caused by bad practices on part of the customer and could likely have been prevented simply by some basic internal security training of the staff, something that seemingly hadn't been undertaken. Mary-Anne was totally revelling in what looked like a soon-to-be over routine legal endeavour and couldn't help but smirking at the ineptitude of the representative. If the remainder of the case continued in the same vein, this would be but a walk in the park.

But none of this did anything to help poor Tricia, now 45 minutes into the session and more bursting than ever. Her breathing was short and shallow as her swollen bladder simply couldn't accomodate her normally expanding lungs. She sat counting the minutes, nay seconds, towards what simply had to be an upcoming break. Her tightened waistband dug into her abdomen, adding to the immense pressure. It hurt, oh it hurt so much, and it wouldn't go away. She could do nothing about it except suffering in quiet desperation, waiting and waiting and waiting for the break that never seemed to come! Please be done, please stop talking, please have had enough, he doesn't know what he's talking about, there's no need to continue, can't these people see that there is absolutely no need to continue, PLEEEEEASEEEEE GIVE UP AND CALL FOR A BREAK, PLEEEAAAAASSSEEEEEE!!!!!

###

Then, as if the gods finally relented and shone a little light on the miserable young law expert - the attorney wound up his interrogation after yet another 15 minutes.

"No more questions, your honour", he said as he returned to his seat in the front row, leaving the clearly exhausted representative to step down from the booth with a feebleminded expression on his face.

This had to be it. Tricia sat in anticipation like she never had experienced before. The judge rustled around with her papers on the rostrum, not saying a word, not revealing any particular emotion. Tricia had one hand pressing down on the bench just behind her, all prepared to shoot up and make a beeline for the nearest restroom. She still had no idea where they were but she convinced herself they had to be nearby. She would casually ask Mary-Anne as she got up, just a brief mention in passing about freshening up, no big deal whatsoever, no one would be any the wiser about her absolute emergency. 

Because an emergency it was; her overfilled bladder stretched out far beyond anything she had ever felt before, pulsating, aching, throbbing, constantly trying to empty out gallons of hot urine. At least it felt like gallons, looming like a dam's worth of water supply, pressuring against the slowly faltering concrete, threatening to drown the village in an absolutely catastrophic flood, only this time it was her skirt, pantyhose and dignity that were in absolute jeopardy!

The seconds snailed on as the slow rise of the murmuring across the courtroom underlined the momentarily vague atmosphere that forecasted an upcoming break. Tricia sat upright, still supporting her body with her right hand against the bench, somewhat alleviating the constant pressure from her bladder. The judge was silently exchanging words with someone on her right. Break, break, break, break, please, break!!!!! Tricia's heart beat like a jackhammer as she sat swaying her crossed legs from side to side, trying to convince her bladder to please calm down for just another moment and you will be emptied, I promise!

"So, it's 2:05 PM...", the judge then announced. Tricia zoned in on her with every ounce of attention she could muster. This was it. Her double-crossed legs vibrated with tension...

"...we will call the next witness." the judge continued indifferently.

Nonono. Not now, break first. Right? RIGHT???!!!!

"Mr. Callaway, if you would step up to the witness stand, please."

BREAK! PAUSE! RECESS! NOT THIS, NOT NOW, PLEASE, PLEAAAAASEEEEEE!!!!!

But the called for mr. Callaway, another representative of the plaintiff, casually sat down in the interrogation dock, blissfully unaware of the total misery he was part in causing the pretty young woman sitting amongst the Moresoft people, looking absolutely devastated. Tricia's eyes beamed with disappointment and anxiety as she brokenheartedly stared towards the front of the room in disbelief, realizing to her absolute horror that there would be another round before anyone inside the room would be granted any break. She panted and shivered in fear of what this meant, briefly twisting her body as she uncrossed her legs only to re-cross them again the other way for the millionth time. She hid her hand underneath her notepad again as she had to press it hard against her stretched skirt in order to aid her poor exhausted abdomen in staving off the flood that once again threatened to exit her body into her tight skirt.

The second interrogation then commenced, just as before with the prosecutor taking the first round with the representative. It soon became apparent that Mr. Callaway was way more cerebral and well-spoken than his predecessor, and the process of untangling the circumstances around the data leak went significantly smoother than before. Mary-Anne watched and listened with the slightest sense of looming defeat, albeit still convinced of Moresoft's upper hand in the matter. Meanwhile, Tricia struggled harder than ever to hide her absolute emergency from her surrounding colleagues, constantly counting each step of the second hand on the big clock on the wall at the front. The minute hand seemed to stand still and the hour hand almost seemed like it was going backwards. The fact that this the second interrogation went by way smoother than the previous one didn't go amiss, but it was hard to feel any sense of relief as there still was no telling just how much longer it would be.

Should I say something? Should I speak up? Is it okay to speak up? Is it okay to interrupt? If there's an emergency it should be okay, right? They can't be mad at me for doing so, right? Who should I address? There has to be a procedure for when someone is literally about to piss themselves, right? I can't be the first person in the history of court proceedings, right? RIGHT???

###

It had now been about 15 minutes since the start of the second round. Tricia's abdomen was literally going numb by this point. Her legs were no longer crossed, instead grinding against each other, one knee over the other in turns as she twisted around on the bench, biting her lip, breathing shallowly. She sat waiting in vain for the session to end, or at least interlude, but despite the flow of the well-spoken representative's answers and laying out, the prosecutor seemed to constantly seek out more and more convoluted rabbit-holes to dive into during the interrogation. At least it seemed so to Tricia, almost as if he was deliberately wielding his power to delay some poor desperate girl in this room in order to make her having an accident! A silly thought for any sane person, but she was so incredibly desperate and frustrated that she was in no position to think rationally at the moment.

20 minutes. Will there be a break before the attorney's turn? Even if there wasn't, maybe she could get a word in and sneak out? Her bladder was so incredibly full it felt she would burst at any moment now. Light years beyond any previous desperation level in her life, it almost felt like her entire body was filled up with hot urine. Her poor abdomen ached like nothing else, her rock-hard bladder no longer pulsating but actually constantly pushing in every direction inside her. She started panicking even more as she felt the massive ocean of urine almost managing to escape her sphincter. Still trapped, still fully clothed, still no idea where the restrooms were and - most importantly - still no idea when the break would be! No safety net, nothing left to cling on to apart from repeating silently to herself that she had to ask to be excused once the prosecutor was done with mr. Callaway.

25 minutes. They had to be done at the half hour mark, they just had to! Her body started cramping, causing her to quickly double-cross her legs again as she almost felt the contents of her bladder enter her urethra. Just a few more minutes, please wind up, please wind up, please! Oh god, this was an absolute nightmare. She squeezed her thighs tightly together as she writhed around, feeling a literal surge through her body. She briefly held herself up with her hand against the seat and looked nervously around the room, causing her colleague to her left to cast a curious look her way. Embarrassed as hell, she blushed and tried to calm herself down, but as she did, another surge shot through her body almost as if protesting, warning her that this was no time to calm down - this was red alert!

The banter between the prosecutor and the representative went on and on, second by second, still no telling of when they'd be done. But she had to make it, just a few more minutes, she could do it! Then suddenly, another surge - right in the midst of her bladder contracting - *SSSSHHH*

NO! OH NO! NONONONO! NOT NOW, NOT YET!!!!!

A second-long spurt oozed out into her knickers, announcing the definite endgame. Tricia went into total panic mode - she had to get out NOW! There was still no telling when the prosecutor would be done, but even more no telling when the next fatal surge would arrive and if that would be the one to seal her sorry fate once and for all. She couldn't afford to wait for something she had no clue as of when it would occur. Holding her breath for a moment and reacting totally on instinct, she hastily scribbled down on her notepad: "Quick break?" before showing it to her mentor, still engulfed in the interrogation.

Mary-Anne did a brief double take as Tricia held the notepad while sitting rock still with her double-crossed legs squeezed together beneath her stretched skirt, barely holding back the flood. She sat with her helplessly pleading eyes waiting for approval for the longest two seconds of her life while her mentor focused in on her notepad and parsed what it said.

Then Mary-Anne silently shook her head and turned her gaze back towards the front.

Oh no...

*014*2024-04-01 11:26

Part 5

Mary-Anne sat analyzing the exchange between mr. Callaway and the prosecutor, picking up on all the significant details, the seasoned veteran that she was. The currently delivered testimony would definitely give Moresoft a run for their money and she'd lie if she was to claim not to be at least a little concerned over the potential outcome. Callaway made a good case for himself on behalf of the plaintiffs and Mary-Anne was mentally scrolling through earlier similar cases in order to assess the statements given in relation to whatever precedent she could think of. Thankfully, the burden of going through all those earlier cases had been somewhat lifted off her own shoulders, thanks to her industrious young protegé who had been shown herself to be very thorough in her newly shouldered role as assisting researcher, a role which she was very much thrown headfirst into once this particular case materialized.

She couldn't quite shake off the fact that something seemed amiss with her young assistant though. Being all consumed by the ongoing interrogation, Mary-Anne paid little attention to whatever might have been going on around her, including with her assistant, but it was clear that Tricia wasn't quite at ease with the courtroom environment. Of course, this was her first real case and it was all too expected that she'd be nervous, but damnit she seemed antsy. And not being able to remain seated for two hours without asking for a break? Not exactly the stiff upper lip material Mary-Anne was expecting from her colleagues. Maybe it was a mistake letting her onto such a major case this early in her career...

###

Tricia was absolutely beside herself. Her written plea for a break had been mercilessly shot down by her mentor, hardly even noticing it and definitely not recognizing the tacit desperation hidden behind those hastily scribbled down words. Her aching abdomen threatened to convulse at any moment and Tricia knew all to well how fatal that would be. Her bladder was so very very full, the waistband of her tight skirt cut into her belly and her poor sphincter could barely withstand the enormous pressure that absolutely refused to ease up even for a moment now. Her time was running out once and for all, and still the goddamn interrogation refused to wind up!

She sat with her legs double-crossed, squirming from side to side, one hand gripping her thigh hard and the other supporting her entire body against the bench. The ocean of piss was constantly pushing against her entire inside, her bladder absolutely screaming to let it all out. Her time remaining dry could be counted in mere minutes by now, her capacity was all used up and it seemed like the only thing delaying the inevitable was her oh so incredibly tightly clenched thighs crossed over each other and her unbridled hope. Her heart beat like a jackhammer, her mind ran in circles, concentraded on nothing else but looking out for the slightest sign of the interrogation winding up. Breathing only from the top of her lungs, she counted the seconds - oh no, no, nonono, cramp, CRAMP - *SSHHW*

Another spurt! She squeezed her thighs even more tightly, almost triple-crossing her legs in the process while lifting herself up with her right hand yet again. She couldn't wait, she was out of time!

"....mrs. Hopkins...!"

But her faint, breathless plea went unnoticed. Mary-Anne was too focused on what was being said upfront. Tricia panicked even more, feeling tears emerging in her pretty eyes. It hurt so much, she couldn't withstand it. She couldn't afford to wait any longer, and hastily scribbled down on her notepad: "BATHROOM BREAK, PLEASE?" and showed it to her mentor for a second time.

Mary-Anne cast a sidelong glance at the scribbled words authored by her young protegé, this time not without a sense of slight irritation.

"Will you brace yourself, Patricia!", she whispered in a stern tone without looking away from the front. "There will be a break after the interrogation!"

Tricia felt like she was going to cry.

"...please....", she wilently whined while staring at her by now rather irritated mentor who then turned to face Tricia to tell her off once and for all.

"You already went at the restaurant, didn't you - "

Mary-Anne stopped herself mid-sentence as her eyes fell onto the desperate young woman, sitting with her legs knotted, one hand pressing down on her skirt and with the most devastated look on her face.

"No... I didn't....I haven't been all morning....", Tricia sobbed whisperingly, trying not to attract any additional attention, but her colleague on her left was very much aware of the emerging distress on his right.

"Is there a problem back there?" came the judge, by now irritatedly noticing the slight commotion taking place in the third row among the IT crowd. Tricia sat with her legs in a knot, turning from side to side while aiming her big teary eyes towards Mrs. Hopkins in fierce anticipation. Her superior simply had to announce the need for a break, now that she finally knew just how desperate Tricia had become. Tricia was about to explode, her urine absolutely on the very brink of spraying out between her crossed legs and God knows in what direction where she sat! Please ask for a break, please ask for a break, I can't hold it, I absolutely cannot hold it!!!!

"Your honour, we're really sorry for the disturbance, but how long do you reckon this interrogation will take?", Mary-Anne enquired.

Tricia held her breath.

"Mrs. Hopkins", the judge replied in her stern tone, "I do believe the prosecutor have some additional questions to sort out. I will announce a break once we are finished with this round."

*TSSSHHW* - Another spurt forced itself out between Tricias tightly crossed thighs, dampening the nylon of her pantyhose! This was it. She was going to wet herself in the courtroom and everyone would see it!!!

Hopkins turned briefly towards poor devastated Tricia for a second before looking back upfront at the judge:

"Your honour, in that case I would like to request a quick break on behalf of my colleague. It's a bit of an emergency."

By now most of the eyes inside the courtroom were on the very distressed young lady in the black blouse, sitting cross-legged right in the middle with beet red face and tears in her eyes. Poor Tricia had never been so embarrassed in her whole life, but it was nothing compared to what was about to ensue if she didn't get to go NOW!

"Very well," the judge retorted in a neutral tone, sensing what might be the issue, "If she really can't wait, then she can go, but make it quick!"

"Okay then," Mary-Anne instantly commanded, "Will the rest of you in the row let her out, please."

Once having cleared the way for the absolutely bursting young lady, Tricia braced herself for the immense challenge of inching herself out from the row. Not even able to stand up straight, she waddled along the row with one hand pressing against her thight and the other supporting herself against the seats in the front.

"M-Mrs. Hopkins, w-where are th-the t-toilets?", she stammered at her mentor, following to make sure Tricia got out before it was too late.

"Down the hallway to the right, opposite from where we came, then around the corner to the right, you'll see a compartment on the left side", Mary-Anne replied.

"Th-thanks!!!", Tricia replied breathlessly as she made her way out of the row, waddling towards the courtroom exit, still in a half-bent over fashion with her legs braided together as she walked with quick but tiny steps, leaving her colleagues to reclaim their seats in the row to sit out the remainder of the interrogation.

###

She managed to make a fairly quick sprint through the courtroom and through the exit, her rapidly clicking heels echoing across the room, leaving no doubt to anyone therein just what an absolute emergency it was. She went through the door, took to the right just as Mary-Anne had said and set off along the hallway. The immense pain and pressure inside her absolutely refused to allow her a normal posture by this point, and it was nothing short of a miracle that she managed to contain her overfilled bladder as she waddled. The fear of not making it though was very very real and she felt surge after surge threatening to push out the urine as she scissored her legs down the hallway, the stressed clicking of her heels echoing against the wooden walls.

Turning the corner at the end of the hallway, Tricia then spotted the one thing she had looked forward to more than anything she had ever looked forward to in her entire life - the most unassuming sign possible sporting the letters that spelled her final salvation - "RESTROOMS".

Almost in disbelief that she had actually made it, she made for the home stretch, but the pain was too big to allow her the sprint she so yearned for. Tied down by her unimaginable desperation, she stepped towards the compartment, her interweaving legs never ceasing contact in their quest to stave off the looming flood. Click-click-click-click went her heels against the hard floor as she waddled toward the ladies room, located to her right inside the compartment. Her bladder started pressuring against her tortured sphincter as she reached out for the door handle, causing her to momentarily pause in order to gain a few extra seconds of control. The pain was unbearable and her poor bladder almost succeeded in emptying itself prematurely, just feet from the toilet!

But she braced herself for the final sprint. She entered the restroom and was greeted with the sight of two stall doors, one having a big "Out of order" sign hanging on it, momentarily sending Tricia into an absolute frenzy before heading for the other door, realizing that the one working toilet was all she needed. With her body just about to give up, she reached out for the stall of the non-broken toilet with a split second sense of ultimate salvation -

Locked.

Panic doesn't even begin to descibe what went through Tricia that instant. She rustled the door again in the faint hope that it was just stuck, but it refused to budge.

"Hey, occupied!", came an irritated voice from inside the stall.

As if refusing to believe her unfathomable misfortune, Tricia stared at the lock indicator - red. No. This can't be. It's not fair. It's so so so not fair!!!

In absolute panic, she resorted to try the out of order stall, but it was of course firmly locked as well. Just then another woman entered the restroom, halting just inside the door by the sight of the young hunched over business lady, bobbing up and down on her crossed legs while desperately rustling the handle of the locked stall graced with the sign before bending down even more on her braided legs, no longer able to hold back her tears.

"Oh...", the woman said, immediately realizing the severity of the situation she had just walked in on.

Tricia leaned against the occupied door in total despair, feeling the urine about to finally break on through once and for all.

"Oh no... please.... please no.... please hurry, please... oh God, hurry up, PLEASE HURRY UP!!!!!", her voice working up to a frenzied cry as she banged her palm against the door in panic - *TSSSSHHH*

A two-second spurt hissed hard through her panties and pantyhose, hitting the back of her skirt before dripping down on the floor behind her feet.

"....no.....", she panted breathlessly. The woman behind her noticed the drops and immediately realized the absolute emergency that was unfolding in front of her. She took action and banged the door on Tricia's behalf:

"Hurry up!! She's having an accident!"

"I'm not done yet, she has to wait!" came the irritated reply from behind the door.

Tricia stood half-bent over, pressing her right hand through her tight grey skirt as far as she could, which still wasn't quite far enough due to the rigidness of the fabric. However hard she pressed her twisted legs together while bending down, her bladder relentlessly pushed out a second spurt - *SSSSSHSHH*

This was it - this is how it was going to end. Time slowed down almost to a halt as poor Tricia realized that despite having been thrown one last lifeline, the cruel hand of doom was holding her back just a little too long. She would piss herself on what was probably the most important day of her career life and there was nothing she could do to prevent it! She looked in sobbing defeat at the woman, tears beginning to stream down her pretty but very red face, signalling as clearly as ever the utter humiliation and helplessness of someone realizing she wasn't going to be saved after all.

"Come on," said the woman as she grabbed Tricia by her free arm, dragging her across the floor and out the door, "The men's room, quick!"

The woman swiftly led the desperate young lady across the compartment to the men's toilet. Tricia, fuelled by the renewed promise of relief, managed to momentarily stave off the urine onslaught about to commence as she staggered across the floor, still in her hunched-over position. In a matter of seconds and with the aid of the saintly woman, she threw herself into the men's room towards the single stall, praying with all her might and then some that it wouldn't be in use!

"Really sorry", the woman addressed the well-dressed gentleman standing at the sink washing his hands, clearly perplexed by the sudden entrance of the two women, "The ladies' were occupied and she really can't wait".

Tricia felt another major surge as she flung herself onto the door, panting, sobbing, almost convulsing by the prospect of it being occupied. But almost as if the universe had finally decided to cut the poor girl some slack, the door gave way for her, revealing the absolutely miraculous sight of a vacant, working toilet!

The oncoming surge however sent a fatal spasm through her aching abdomen, forcing open the floodgates just as she entered the stall and just about managed to slam the door shut - *ssSSSHHW - SSSHHW - SHSSHHHW* - the urine gushed out in pulses through her pantyhose as she hiked up her skirt and crouched over the toilet seat.

"OH - AAH - AAAAAHHHH", she gasped - *SSSSHssSSSHSHH* - piss started gushing through her undergarments, splashing into the bowl before she finally managed to yank them down - *TTSSSSSSSSHSHSHSHHHHHHHSSSSSSHSHSHSHSSSHSHSSHSHSSSSSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHHHSHSHSHSHHHHHH*

She hadn't even planted herself on the seat before the unstoppable torrent of hot desperate female urine commenced. The force was unbelievable, the spray going in every direction inside the bowl, hitting the water with incredible force. It hissed and gushed out of her aching body, surging like a firehose at full blast, pulsating in tandem with her convulsing abdomen - *SSSSHHSssshhSSHSHSHSshshhSHSHSHSHHHsssssssshhhhhHSHSHSHSHHH* - The relief defied description, both physically and mentally, the fact that she finally, FINALLY had been able to release the unbelievable amount of urine unimpededly into a toilet and not into her clothes!

She peed and peed and peed, the forceful stream seemingly neverending, while she sat on the seat panting in disbelief that she actually managed to make it after all the obstacles that had been thrown her way. The shower of urine continued spraying into the bowl for almost one and a half minutes but to Tricia it felt like hours, days even, the concept of time was put on hold for the entirety of her gargantuan release. Oh, the otherworldly relief! Her poor aching abdomen and bladder finally put at rest. Eventually the shower died down and she took a moment to simply revel in the fact that her bladder was actually emptied, and in a toilet at that, even though a small amount had managed to escape through her undergarments.

After having gathered herself, she surveyed the damage, but to her relief, no visible sign of her pre-gushing was visible on her pantyhose; it had literally gone straight through and into the bowl as she struggled those last few seconds before the floodgates opened wide. Her panties were damp though, and after attempting to dry them off with paper, she proceeded to peel them off and flush them, deciding that her pantyhose would do a good enough job to cover up her womanhood together with her tight knee-length skirt. After some additional dabbing with toilet paper, the nylon of the pantyhose would dry up soon enough where it had been previously soaked.

Tricia took about five additional minutes to restore herself in order to rejoin her colleagues inside the courtroom before exiting the stall. Thankfully it was empty which meant she escaped having to explaing to any present male what she was doing in the men's room. A quick exit into the hallway and she strode towards the courtroom, very self-aware and nervous about her upcoming re-entry. The whole courtroom had just witnessed her literally about to piss herself in front of them all as she waddled out with crossed legs and tears in her eyes.

She paused a few meters from the door at the very thought and blushed heavily in embarrassment, seriously thinking about leaving unannounced and grabbing a taxi cab home, leaving any plausible explanation until tomorrow. Then again, what would that signal - to anyone inside it would mean that the young lady actually didn't make it and had an accident on her way to the toilet after all! Why else would she have opted for not returning? If she had made it, then there would be no reason not to rejoin them, right?

###

Her newly found internal struggle was interrupted by the opening of the door to the courtroom. The people inside walked out into the hallway and amongst them were her colleagues. Apparently the ongoing interrogation had been paused, leaving the attendants to stretch their legs for a bit. Tricia tried to compose herself in order to approach them in as natural a manner as she could possibly muster, however embarrassing. Mary-Anne spotted her immediately after exiting the courtroom:

"Tricia! Are you alright?"

Tricia felt compelled to answer.

"Oh, um, yes, I'm... I'm fine", she replied meekly, not really knowing what else to say.

"You looked so anxious in there," Mary-Anne continued in a hushed tone, making sure no one else around would hear, "You must have been absolutely bursting!"

"Ehm... well... yes... I was..." Tricia replied, feeling her face go all red.

"I'm so sorry that I didn't pick up on it earlier, you really should have said something before."

"Yes, I should have... but I was too concerned about disrupting everyone... I was waiting for a good opportunity to go, I guess..."

"When you gotta go, you gotta go. There's no shame in admitting that, Tricia. Come on, let's rejoin the others now."

Tricia nodded meekly, trying to calm herself down and convince herself of the absolute reasonableness of Mary-Anne's words. Of course there is no shame in admitting you need the toilet, you just take whatever opportunity you get, and if you don't get it you make that opportunity. She replayed all the events that had taken place since this morning and tried to figure out just what she could have done differently, determined to set an example for herself not to ever get caught up in such a desperate situation ever again.

But deep down inside her lurked that nagging feeling that somehow it was still all beyond her own control, that she was indeed at the mercy of uncontrollable factors - of pure luck. And what happened today had probably been at the very edge of how far her luck could reach to save her. She could only hope not to ever find herself having to rely on just luck not to have an accident in the future, but that in and of itself was dependant on luck, wasn't it...?

With this metaphysical conundrum bouncing around inside her head, she rejoined her colleagues for a bit before they all went back inside for the remainder of the session. The case ended up in favour of Moresoft, since it became apparent that their customer had all but ignored their own commitment to educate their employees and undertake applicable IT security measures.

And Tricia had of course learnt a valuable lesson herself when it came to sharpening up her own security measures.
