Lesson Learned

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2021-08-21 12:42

I am trying to start writing here again. I hope you all enjoy

###

If there is one thing Casey loves other than teaching it’s routine. She drinks the same amount of drinks every day, takes the same breaks, and it has served her well over her past couple years of teaching. She’s the youngest teacher at her school, only 25 years old, so she tries very hard to show the others she isn’t too young for her position of authority. She always looks well put together with her black hair pulled back into a neat ponytail, dressed in blouses that show off her ample breasts and skirts or pants that hug the curve of her ass perfectly. When she arrives at school it’s always ready for class with a smile on her face and a friendly but sufficiently authoritative attitude.

Today though her usually bright hazel eyes had been slightly glazed over when she first went into work, her white blouse and gray slacks not quite as neatly pressed as usual. She’d been up late catching up with an old friend who had returned to town and, as a result, she violated her routine. She woke up later than normal and had been using coffee to supplement her energy levels. She needed it to deal with the rowdy freshman in her second period introductory English class. High schoolers could truly be as troublesome as grade schoolers when they wanted to be.

That was in the past though. As she finishes another coffee she knows it can be her last since she only has one last class and it’s one of her favorites to teach. As she drains the rest of her cup, one of her fellow teachers walks in. “I didn’t realize you were such a coffee junkie,” Jared teases as he steps into the teacher’s lounge and moves to grab an apple from the fruit bowl behind her. “Usually I’m not but I was up a little too late last night,” Casey admits somewhat sheepishly, giving her coworker a shy grin.

Jared is the only teacher around Casey’s age at the high school, clocking in at only a couple years older. He’s tall, about 6’ 2” compared to her 5’ 6”, with sandy blonde hair and green eyes that always seemed to dance with the slightest hint of mischief. It’s no surprise that Casey had developed the slightest crush on him since joining the school a few months prior. He’s charming and funny and something about him always made her tummy flip. Perhaps it’s this effortless charm that caused Casey to completely forget a crucial part of her usual routine.

Casey’s last class is AP English, which means that the students are all seniors who genuinely want to be there. All in all it leads to more maturity in the classroom and for a more fun class for both her and the students. She always offers up her time afterwards since it’s the last class of the school day so if students want to ask questions or continue the conversation they can. Once that finishes, she makes her way home down mostly backroads until she reaches her modest apartment. It’s a schedule that affords little opportunity for bathroom runs so Casey always uses the ladies’ room during her break before that last period class.

Except for today, when she’d been too distracted by Jared’s wink and offer to walk her to her classroom to think of something as unsexy as a trip to the washroom.

She doesn’t realize her mistake until about halfway through class when her bladder starts to alert her of its desire to be emptied. She pushes the thought aside as she continues to guide her students through a discussion on Walden from her place standing at the front of the classroom. Her students continue to talk and debate from their seats at the large table Casey had insisted be placed in her room. Desks, she had argued, were far too stuffy and true discussion was only possible at a large table where she and her students could sit as equals. The principal hadn’t loved her making waves so early in her tenure at the school but she had gotten her wish. She’s even more grateful for her insistence now as her bladder once again makes itself known. The students’ focus is primarily on each other instead of her as she presses her thighs together and mentally admonishes her kidneys for working so quickly.

Casey takes a seat at the table to make it easier on her bladder as it gets more and more insistent. She knows she should be paying attention to the discussion but her students seem to have it handled and she would much rather focus on keeping herself under control and her need a secret. As time creeps on and her bladder continues to fill, she can’t help but think over how she’s gotten to this point when having to use the restroom has never been an issue in this class before. Only then does she consider all of the coffee she’s downed, the water she’s drank to compensate for the caffeine’s dehydrating effects, and finally her skipped bathroom break. If she weren’t in a classroom full of students she’d curse herself out for her own irresponsibility.

Casey’s thoughts continue to wander but once they start fixating on how good it would feel to be able to leave to relieve herself she realizes perhaps she should focus on something else. So she hones in on her students, watching to see which ones are participating more or less than the others. Eventually she settles on one student in particular, Brady, an earnest kid with brown eyes and brown hair. He always manages to cause quite the stir amongst the school’s female population. On multiple occasions Casey had heard girls giggling and whispering about him and it always brought her a little bit of nostalgia to watch them react to him the same way she probably would if she were their age.

High school wasn't too long ago for her so she remembers the feelings well. Still, it’s hard to reconcile the diligent student she sees in front of her now taking notes as if his life depends on it with the unattainable jock she’d heard the other students whispering about. It’s not a perfect solution, but the reminder of her own days in high school and the walk through memory lane helps keep her mind off the leaden weight sitting heavy in her abdomen and before she knows it she’s snapped back to reality by the sound of the bell ringing.

“Ok guys! Great class today, as usual I’ll stick around for a bit after class if anyone has any questions, otherwise I’ll see you next week!” Casey announces, relief washing over her that she’ll be able to take her leave soon. Before she can though Brady pounces, vacating his seat and moving to the one immediately adjacent to hers as his other classmates begin to filter out. “You have a question Brady?” Casey asks in the sweetest voice she can muster.

It’s a Friday afternoon and most students, no matter how enthusiastic they are on a subject, are eager to leave class and get on with their weekend. Casey prays this will also be the case with Brady as she resists the temptation to squirm in place. God it’s been years since she’s had to piss this bad. She had a rigid bathroom schedule for a reason, after all. She’d never had the strongest or largest of bladders and it had gotten her in trouble plenty of times growing up (and if she’s being honest well into college) but upon graduating and becoming a quote unquote “real adult” with a “real adult job” she’d vowed to keep it under control. Now it seems today is to be a test of that vow.

“A few questions actually,” Brady replies and although Casey wants to groan or ask him to keep it short, she can’t bear to rain on his enthusiasm. She’s a teacher! It’s her job to nurture this kind of thirst for knowledge! To kill his passion just because she’d been irresponsible would make her the exact type of teacher she’d hated having growing up. The same kind that had almost made her drop out of school. No, Casey would never stoop to that level, so her bladder would just have to suck it up. Except that’s easier said than done when Brady’s “few” questions are all quite thorough. At some points they aren’t even really questions, more just opportunities for him to ramble on about his thoughts on Thoreau and the story. It’s all well and good that he’s excited but all the talk of the pond and Thoreau’s vivid descriptions of it are doing Casey and her struggling bladder no favors.

The pressure in Casey’s abdomen increased with each passing minute but there’s little she can do beyond uncross and recross her legs. The more time she spends trapped in the chair, the more desperate she grows and soon she can’t help but to squirm in the seat, her hips shifting from side to side as she prays Brady is too busy monologuing to notice. She’s long since stopped paying much attention, simply making vague noises at what seem to be the appropriate times to give the impression that she’s listening. Her bladder is screaming for relief now, the yellow tide inside her pounding at the floodgates. She would give anything to be able to shove a hand inside her crotch and apply pressure to her trembling hole. Brady stops talking and looks down at his notes for a moment and Casey thinks that maybe, just maybe, he’s finishing up but instead he flips to a new page and then continues again.

God she could cry.

Her bladder contracts painfully and Casey could swear she feels the liquid entering her urethra, so close to pouring out of her and into her little white panties. It occurs to her then that she won’t make it at this rate unless she comes up with something fast. Memories of college exams spent similarly desperate roll up to the front of her mind unbidden and as much as she wants to reject them she knows the trick she used then is likely her only chance at getting out of this situation with her dignity in tact. She focuses very intently on her bladder, doing damage assessment as a painful twinge shoots through her lower body, and only once she is sure she’s got complete mastery and awareness of it does she allow herself a short moment to relax.

For no longer than one, single second hot piss jets out of her tired urethra and into her panties, instantly saturating the material. Her face must surely flush red in time with the tiny leak but the fact she’d been able to regain control gives Casey hope. She can live with damp panties. Although she’s well aware her gray pants will show if she leaks anymore, she also knows the school will have pretty much cleared out by now. As long as Brady leaves before seeing her stand, she should be able to make it to her car without anyone noticing if she’s got the slightest wet stain on her slacks. It’s not ideal, but it’s better than the alternative so she allows herself to relax again, another spurt spraying out of her like a firehose.

“Ms. Parker?”

Panic shoots through Casey’s veins like ice water as the shock of Brady addressing her causes her leak to last a little longer than she’d intended. She’s sure it must show in her eyes when she focuses back in on her student. “What?” she asks, her voice an octave higher than it should be as her bladder screams to be allowed relief once more. She’s keenly aware that her pants are more wet than she’d like them to be but she can’t check when Brady is staring at her the way he is. “I asked if the pond is a metaphor for life and how we should live in the moment,” Brady explains, his disappointment already evident. “Ah sorry, I must’ve zoned out for a second I…”

Brady visibly deflates. “Sorry, I’m boring you aren’t I?” he asks and immediately guilt washes over Casey. How could she be so selfish? “No! You’re not boring me, it’s just been a long day, I’m so sorry Brady,” she hurries to explain even as her body pleads with her to just let the boy go so she can go find relief. “It’s alright, I should just go. I don’t want to hold you up any longer,” he sighs. Casey’s heart aches in her chest and even though she knows she’ll regret it, she finds herself saying “Don’t worry about it, you aren’t holding me up. Let’s talk Walden ok?” Brady immediately perks back up and leans in forward to listen. Meanwhile, Casey’s body cries in protest. She was so close. So close to being able to go find relief and instead her bleeding heart had trapped her once again.

Everything is far more difficult when she’s the one driving the conversation. It’s damn near impossible to focus on both the literary analysis she’s trying to give and on keeping the floodgates firmly shut. Typically, Casey doesn’t allow herself more than a couple leaks when she’s desperate. She’s discovered in college that after the third or fourth time it’s far too difficult to reseal the doors once they’re opened but this is an emergency. So she takes the risk and allows herself to relax just a fraction, but it’s a poorly calculated one.

She tried to just crack open the door to the tidal wave bearing down on her urethra, but the force of the liquid breaks the door off its hinges. With her attention divided between Brady and her bladder, she’d lacked the control necessary to just let out a little and now she stutters in her sentence, face flushing a vibrant red as her crotch grows warm. Her panties are saturated in seconds and it doesn’t take long for her gray slacks to start darkening as well. “Ms. Parker are you ok?” Brady asks, but it sounds distant as piss starts to pool in Casey’s wooden seat. Soon it’s racing down her legs and the pool in the seat grows too large to be contained there so the flood moves to the floor, creating a sizable puddle beneath the seat.

It feels like an out of body experience. There’s a distant part of Casey that knows what’s happening to her but all she can do is uncross her legs and stare in numb shock as the piss stain on her slacks grows, leaving the material dark and shiny with her fluids. After what feels like years her flow finally slows to trickle and then stops entirely and it’s as if doing so breaks the spell that had kept her numb. All of the emotions she should have been feeling come rushing in at once: shock, humiliation, relief. It’s almost overwhelming and as she looks up at her student, the one who’d born witness to her incredibly shameful act, she sees something unreadable flash through his eyes for the briefest of moments. “I think I should get going,” he tells her, his face not betraying whatever thoughts he may be having at seeing his young teacher disgrace herself so. “Yea…. You should….”

“I’ll see you Monday Ms. Parker.”

Casey barely notices as he rises to leave, careful to step around the puddle she’d made on the floor. Even once he’s gone she doesn’t move an inch. It’s not until the sound of the janitor coming down the hall reaches her ears that she springs into action. She knows that she should clean up the mess she’d made, but the idea of the janitor catching her wiping up her own piss in soiled pants is too mortifying to stomach. So instead she finds herself lunging for her bag where she knows she has gym clothes waiting for her and then racing off to the teacher’s lounge to change. She manages to get inside but then promptly careens into someone once she enters.

“Woah there, what’s the rush?” a deep male voice asks and as if the day couldn’t get any worse when she looks up to see who she’d nearly run over, her eyes meet the mischievous green ones of none other than Jared.

