Two friends challenge each other

Author: A weird mind

*000*2023-01-08 12:23

One day, a boy and a girl who were the best of friends were lounging in bed, enjoying each other's company and chatting about their day. They were so comfortable and relaxed when they both started to feel the need to use the toilet. However, neither of them wanted to get up and interrupt their cozy moment.

As the minutes ticked by, their bladders became more and more full and they both knew they couldn't hold it much longer.

The girl said,”Hey babe, do you mind if I get up for a moment?”

The boy replied, “why what’s the matter, don’t you want to chill out with me”

The girl was forced to admit, “well, if you must know, I need to pee, so if you will just let me get up and go to the toilet, I will be right back.”

The boy being a bit mischievous and getting aroused by the fact that she had been trying to hide the fact that she needed a wee finally had to admit this to him.

The boy said to the girl, "Actually I am pretty desperate to go for a wee as well, and I’ve got a really strange idea.”

She asked “What’s that” as she crossed her legs to help hold in her wee while her friend was obviously trying to delay her from going to the toilet.

He said mischievously “I bet you can't hold your wee in longer than me. Come on, show me what you've got."

The girl, not wanting to admit how dying for a wee she really was, responded with, "You're on. I bet I can hold it longer than you any day."

They both tried their best to hold on, but as the pressure became almost unbearable, they couldn't help but encourage each other to hold in their wee just a little bit longer.

"Come on, you can hold it, only little girls wet their knickers," the boy said, desperately trying to hold on to his own pee

"God, I really need a wee but there is no way I am going to wet myself before you," the girl replied, even though she now had her hands down her knickers, pressing her fingers hard between her tightly crossed legs holding on for dear life.

But as they both became more and more desperate, they started to try and stop each other from giving up. Every time one of them was about to give in and use the toilet, the other would encourage them to hold on a bit longer.

"You can do it, just hold on a little bit longer," the boy said, trying to rally the girl on, even though he knew that she was really close to completely losing control.

"No way, you're not beating me. I can hold it longer than you," the girl replied, not wanting to admit how utterly desperate she was to go to the toilet, knowing that she had no hope of winning this competition.

Eventually, she couldn't hold her bladder any longer, she was crossing her legs and squirming in desperation, holding her tired sphincter muscles as tightly as she could with her fingers pressing inside her crotch, but she couldn’t stop the pee from flowing out of her peehole, and with a cry of embarrassment, she wet the bed.

After she got over her embarrassment, both of them burst out laughing at the ridiculous situation they had found themselves in.

Then, because of the laughing, the boy suddenly lost control of his own bladder and started peeing, completely unable to stop it coming out.

Despite the mess they had made, and how much their bladders were now aching, they couldn't help but be grateful for the silly and memorable moment they shared together.

They actually both found it a big turn on and they soon turned from friends to lovers and found that holding their pee during the sex that followed did nothing but enhance the experience.

Disclaimer: This fictional story was made with the help of ChatGPT, it was used to provide a framework to the story but is not completely written by it

