I didn’t know she could hold that much | Friendsgiving multi-part story

Author: Anonymity10

*000*2025-07-11 00:48

Fuck, everyone gets here in an hour.

Avery jaunted out of her house, trash bags in hand, frantically preparing her house for a ‘Friendsgiving’ celebration. The cool autumn air turned her fair-skinned checks pink as her blonde hair waved in the wind. She would not have been so panicked if it wasn’t for Amanda, a 24 year old, tall, tan, brunette girl Avery had been talking to the past two weeks. This was the first time meeting her in person, and to add on top of that 11 other girls were coming over to her house for a thanksgiving feast. As Avery sped back into the house, she called her best friend Kylie:

”I’m so screwed, my house is no where near ready, and I’m a mess! I haven’t even began to set the table; I haven’t showered or gotten dressed… and I haven’t shaved yet!” Avery ranted to Kylie.

”Avery, Relax. Amanda likes you! Just don’t do anything ultra-embarrassing and I’m sure you’ll make her fall for you even more. I’ll be there in 30 minutes and help you with everything… minus the shaving part.” Kylie responded.

Avery continued to set up the house, making sure everything was perfect for Amanda, and 30 minutes later she heard her front door swing open.

”Kylie! Thank god you’re here!” Avery said.

”Oh Avery, you were right you’re no where near ready. Go shower quickly while I finish setting the table.” Kylie exclaimed.

Avery made her way down the hall and turned on the shower, stepping in and letting the hot water run down her body. By the time her mirror was fully fogged up she stepped out of the shower and wrapped the towel around herself.

“Knock knock,” Kylie said opening the bathroom door, “Can I use your toilet? I’m dying for a piss.”

“Trust me,” Avery points to the toilet, “If I could’ve used that toilet before my shower I would’ve.”

The toilet lid was taped shut with a huge “out of order” paper written on it by her landlord.

“Go use the half-bath down the hall, it’s the only working toilet in the house. I’ll use it after you.” Avery suggested.

Kylie made her way down the hall while Avery stripped off her towel. Putting on her tightest jeans to show off her ass to Amanda, Avery walked down the hallway upon hearing Kylie leaving the bathroom.

”All yours!” Kylie said.

*ding* *ding-ding-ding*

Avery’s heart sunk; Amanda was here. Avery’s need to pee was suddenly overshadowed by her nerves. She made her way to the door, Kylie grabbing her shoulders behind her whispering, “relax.”

Avery opened the door to 11 girls and a flurry of hugs and hellos enveloped Avery and Kylie like a tsunami. As the flood of drunk girls carrying an absurd amount of wine and food came through the door, Avery spotted Amanda in the back of the group holding a turkey.

The girls sat down at the table, Amanda sitting across from Avery, and began to eat food and open wine bottles. All the while Avery’s bladder grew more and more strained, with her subconsciously crossing her legs to squeeze her pussy shut. They downed one, then two, then 16 wine bottles before Ella, one of Avery and Amanda’s mutual friends, stood up, fell back into her seat, and then stumbled out of her seat. As she stumbled down the hall she slurred a mumble of words that sounded like, “I -uh. I go bathroom.”

Amanda stood up, “I’ll go with her, I’ve had to pee for hours.”

Avery’s bladder didn’t like the words “bathroom” and “pee” and subsequently, she let out a little spurt. She quickly grabbed her crotch discretely, her jeans still dry but her panties damp from catching her pee. She was too shy and embarrassed to excuse herself from conversation with Amanda, so she held on, desperately.

Conversation and drinks continued until one of the girls exclaimed, “Where the hell is Ella and Amanda! They’ve been in the bathroom for the past 20 minutes and I’ve been dying to piss for an hour!”

”I’ll go check on them.” Kylie said.

Avery was so focused on her bladder she didn’t even bother with what was going on in front of her. Until Kylie grabbed her arm to take her to the bathroom. This jolted Avery’s bladder, causing a spurt of piss to force out of her bladder. She paused in the hallway grabbing her crotch. Her jeans were damp, her panties were soaked, but it was not visible, not yet atleast.

“What’s wrong?” Kylie asked.

”Oh nothing, I just have to pee too. I really hope Amanda and Ella are done in there, I can’t really-“

Avery was cutoff by Kylie’s disgusted gasp. The scene that laid in front of them was unsettling to say the least. The toilet was rendered inoperable by Ella’s throw up. Amanda stood there holding Ella’s hair back with one hand, and in the other she was holding onto her crotch tightly.

“Oh thank god! Can one of you take care of Ella please? I really have to piss. Avery where’s your other bathroom?” Amanda asked.

”Just down the hall in my room.” Avery absentmindedly responded distracted by the scene in-front of her.

Without missing a beat Amanda rushed out the door and down the hall. Then Avery realized her mistake.

”Amanda wait!” Avery shouted.

It was too late Amanda had already shut her bathroom door.

Avery rushed into the bathroom, flinging the door open. What she saw, turned her on more than she could believe.

Amanda was standing in the shower, jeans completely soaked as she pulled them and her panties just above her knees before she noticed Avery. Her shaved pussy was spraying an unstoppable stream of piss into her panties and jeans, then upon noticing Avery she grabbed her pussy, skidding two fingers between her lips while desperately trying to stop the stream. She profusely apologized as piss sprayed out of her.

Avery heard none of the apology, all she did was see this desperate, beautiful women in-front of her. She didn’t even notice that she had pissed herself at the sight of this, her jeans soaked in piss and her bladder still releasing. She didn’t even bother to stop it, she was so transfixed on Amanda that it kept spilling out.

She could only think one thing:

”I didn’t know she could hold that much.”

TO BE CONTINUED

Side note: hey guys, this is my first post here and the first story I’ve written. Lmk your guys’ thoughts and what I can do to improve. Thanks for reading!

P.S.: Much more nudity to come in the next part, be warned. (Hopefully you guys want that).

