Another Note: Reborn

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2017-04-26 06:03

AuthorFaust: Hehehe...Faust is glad to get to reveal this sort of thing, finally. It has been a long time since Faust first started this series....... And, yet, Faust enjoys the thought of continuing. So, without further ado...Let's get his plot started.

[Chapter 1: Initiative]

"Three months...."

It had been three months since the boy had first obtained the wet note...

Two months ago, he'd discovered another note, being held by the hands of others...

And one month ago, he'd met, and befriended the lightly ditzy dart girl.....Lillica.....

Winter season was picking up in town, and all around the school it showed. Bare legs were now covered with long stockings, or tights.....

Shorts became pants, and the few that dared to expose any skin were barely able to keep still......The winds forcing them to shake faster than any full bladder could.

"Not like I've really had any good moments to test that.." the boy thought to himself, shaking his head as he walked along.

A dark green hoodie covered a blue shirt, long black pants shielding him from the cold. He idly rubbed the side of his head, thinking to the black notebook in his bag.

The Wet Note.....

A gift from a self-proclaimed Goddess of Lust, that held mysterious properties. He could write a person's name, and they would succumb to a warm, wet fate. The world would very well shift around to accommodate any specifications he made.....and, if he was feeling lazy...It was a mere timer to an accident.

An invaluable tool to someone with a lust for dampened garments, knocking knees, and desperate squirming.....Yet....

'I have to wonder....do I even want this anymore?' he thought, as he stepped into the building, unzipping his hoodie. 'I mean...it's lovely and all....But, the things people could do with this if I lost it...'

He shuddered, thinking back to how he'd managed to narrowly avoid Weiss's complete social destruction from the other wet note holders....And how much worse it could be. He didn't know the upper limits of it's power....But..

'If it's as powerful as I think it is..' he thought, absentmindedly walking through a door. 'Then...I don't think I could handle someone else having it...'

He'd nearly been lost enough in this thoughts to not realize where he was pacing...A slight thunking catching him out of his element.

"Ah..! Hey Faust. Getting cold these days, huh?"

The boy smiled lightly as he looked up at the sole member of the darts club...With an easy, friendly smile. A pink and plum hoodie that no doubt shielded her from the cold...A purple skirt that covered part of her thighs, long, straight plum colored hair and some knee-highs that accented her outfit nicely.. A single dart was twirled in her thumb as she greeted him, Faust waving back, and matching her smile.

"Yeah....I might have to wear another jacket over my jacket." the boy called out lightly, as Lillica lightly chuckled.

"You know...We could do another game of Jacket-Darts...." the girl remarked lightly, as the boy held up his hand.

"No." he started firmly....before starting to chuckle. "Never. Again."

"Aww. I'd even let you go first this time." the girl started back, before tossing the projectile in a perfect arc towards one of the dartboards. As expected, it nailed the bull's eye.....Not that he needed any more proof of the girl's absurdly powerful throwing capabilities.

"I'd rather we try extreme darts again." he added, moving to start to push the desks back into position.

"Well...I'm not so sure on that one.." Lillica remarked, doing so as well. "I mean...we got lucky last time.."

"Ch-Yeah...." the boy sounded, lightly shaking his head in recollection. "If it landed in anyone else..."

The two of you continue to reminisce for a bit as the classroom is returned to normal...just in time for the warning bell.

"Catch you later, Faust!" the plum haired girl called, waving as they parted ways.

"See you on lunch." he called back, before starting to pace up to his own classroom.

"Morning, Faust!" another familiar voice called, this one belonging to a girl with long pink hair in twintails. A fluffy red jacket was draped over the chair she was sitting on...But her outfit underneath was barely any different from the norm.

A short sleeved, blue shirt...and a knee-length skirt that matched. White thigh-highs covered her legs minus a few precious inches of thigh....And, the boy had to fight to not ogle that little section.

"Morning Yuno." he replied back, taking his seat next to her as the girl gave him a gentle peck on the cheek. He could feel his cheeks growing a bit rosy as the rest of the students started to file in, one by one.

"Yuno's got herself a coffee in her system.." the pinkette whispered to him, letting her fingers brush along his thigh a bit. "So, she might be a bit...fidget-y in class today."

Faust shivered a bit at the girl's words....giving her a small smile.

"I...wouldn't mind that." he whispered back to her, trying to muffle his blush.

Two months prior, on top of discovering the others with a note, his own lusts were found out by the girl next to him. Yet, rather than admonish him, she decided to indulge him every so often, holding deliberately during the days....Only going when it was an absolute emergency.

He appreciated her little indulgences, but part of him longed for a little bit more.. Something like he'd seen in times past....

A truly desperate, vicious accident. A complete gusher.....The complete and utter soaking of one's garments........

Though, Yuno was still adjusting to the sort of desires as a whole....

"M..M..Made it..!' another voice called, white hair in a bob cut atop a fairly petite figure in a teal dress...with long, black tights pacing in. Another girl he'd befriended....

"Congratulations, Youmu. " he mused to the girl, who flushed brightly, and started to take her seat behind him meekly....

Youmu, while adorable, was another girl in his life....But, one who was plagued with constant, never-ending tinkle-torture.... So, the idea of proposing her to have one for him was out of the question....

And Lillica....

....

He couldn't deny that he did feel some form of emotion for the plum haired girl....But, the idea of forcing her to have an accident......

'It'd be hot....But, she'd probably hate me forever.' he thought to himself, resting his head on his hand. Even if he used the wet note, he had some vague suspicion that she would find out anyways.....

'Never really had much of a poker face..'

The day to day routine had become a bit tiresome.....But, it seemed this morning was fated to bring him out of his lull....

"Class, we have a new student today.." the teacher's voice called, holding out her hand. Faust's ears perked up as the door opened.....And an unfamiliar figure quietly strode in....

A sort of homely girl, with long, dusty blonde twinbraids...Wearing a loose tan sweater, and an ankle-length dress. Hands rested in her lap as she stood, golden brown eyes looking over the class in an almost elegant expression...

"Hello.." the girl called in a soft, almost regal tone. "My name is Faye. Faye Lyras. It's nice to meet all of you."

She gave a deep bow, and Faust could see the outlines of a..less than modest bust silhouetted in the lines of her sweater. He eventually tore his eyes away from the girl, as the teacher gestured at a corner of the class.

"You can sit back over there.." the teacher called, waving her hand. "As for today, we're going over what we covered last week. Everyone, take out your books, and turn to page....."

.....

....

......

The ringing of the class bell felt like it took a bit too long....But, the boy wasn't exactly bothered by it. Especially with the pink haired girl bouncing on her toes to the left of him, lightly rocking back and forth.

"N..Nnnghhh.." she groaned quietly, turning to Faust with some pleading eyes. "Can...Can Yuno...Go use the potty now...?"

The boy smirked knowingly, lightly waving his hand.

"I dunno..." he teased lightly, the girl leaning in to whisper directly into his ear.

"P...Please....Yuno's panties already feel a bit damp.."

The boy quivered, but gave a small wave...relenting on his stance immediately.

"Go on...Just this once." he permitted, the girl standing up on wriggling feet, and darted out swiftly.....Followed by the silver haired girl with no doubt an equally bloated bladder.

The boy leaned forward in his desk a bit to conceal his growing excitement....Imagining the girl plopping down on the commode, and letting her waters flow. He gave a quiet giggle, before someone's figure peered over his desk.

"Hello..." the new girl, Faye, called. "Do, you mind if I talk to you for a bit?"

Faust glanced up at the girl at this.....reminding himself inadvertently of her bosom.

"Umm...Sure." he called, standing up....Grateful for his loose enough pants, as the girl curled up a finger, beckoning him outside. He paused, but followed the girl out of the classroom...Before she turned suddenly.

"You seem like you've got quite a following.." Faye added in a curt tone. "Something about you....Seems to draw people in. It's even trying to draw..me in.."

The boy raised an eyebrow at this, more than a little suspicious of the girl's statement.

"Um...We just met..." he added quietly, waving a hand out. "I..erm...Am not sure what you mean.."

"Hmm...I see.." the girl called quietly, before starting back into the classroom. "Perhaps I was mistaken.."

Faust couldn't help but feel a bit perturbed at this, but he returned to his classroom....The bell for second period ringing out after a few minutes.

As the pinkette returned with a warm smile and supported him through History class, Faust couldn't help but steal glances back at the dusty blonde....

'What...did she even mean by that..?' he thought to himself throughout the period...Eventually wresting his eyes away from her, and trying his best to remember what year the war of 1812 was held in.

....

'Gods I'm horrible at history.'

The second bell came way faster than the first. and though he would no doubt need to look over Yuno's notes a third or fourth time to retain any of the day's information........He could feel a bit relaxed now.

"Mmm....Yuno kind of wonders if she could have held it through second period.." she idly mused to the boy in a tease...prompting a slight flush.

"Well...Better to not risk it." he gently tugged her down from the lewd plots that could be stirring in her mind....As he stood up from his seat. "Come on, let's go get some lunch."

The pinkette popped up onto her toes at this, and giggled, gesturing along.

"Lead the way, Faust!" she cooed, letting the boy escort her away.

The classroom dispersed of people in a short time...leaving only a single figure still in their chair. The dusty-blonde, with a serious expression on her face.

"Did I guess wrong..?" she called to herself, her eyes closing for a moment...Before opening anew, golden brown giving way to a pinkish-violet. "I thought for sure I'd found Saril's Chosen."

=======

[Chapter 1: Initiative, End]

*007*2017-05-01 04:28

[Chapter 2: Follow-up]

Faust stretched a bit as he took his seat at a table in the lunchroom....Looking down at the usual lunch food.

"God, I'm hungry today." he sounded to himself, starting to dig in. The pinkette moved beside him soon after, eating her food far more daintily.

"Well, Yuno herself is quite..thirsty." she mused to herself, starting to drink at her own beverage.....Crossing her legs over one another.

"Mmmth...Be careful with that, Yuno." he called to the girl, poking at her belly. "We've got gym next, and there are no breaks in gym."

"Mmm...Yuno will be careful." the girl mused, sipping at her beverage as they ate lunch together....Poking and teasing at one another over the hour.

Rrrrring...Rrrrinnnng...

The bell sounded, signaling the end of lunch then....Prompting the two to stand up and go to deposit their trays in the trashcan.

"Mmmm..Yuno's going to go ahead." the pinkette mused, Faust striding up to catch her pace.

"Oh? Is Yuno going to the bathroom so early?" he mused, the girl lightly swatting at his incoming hand.

"No, No. Yuno is going to hold it." she mused, sticking her tongue out lightly. "Yuno just has a friend to meet, is all."

The boy relented at this, letting the girl go ahead as he walked down the halls at his own pace.

'You know.....This could end badly...' he thought to himself, as he glanced down at his bag...and pondered. 'Maybe....Maybe I should....make sure she doesn't embarrass herself.'

He didn't use the note to cause a lot of accidents intentionally...But....Well...

'I could just..' he thought to himself, glancing around as he started to move towards the bathrooms...

"Ahem.."

The boy's head turned as the dusty-blonde from earlier, folding her arms over one another..and looking quite sour.

"Is...there a problem?" he asked the girl, who gave an obviously forced smile.

"Oh no....No problem at all." she called, her fingers very obviously tapping against her forearm. "I mean, it's not like You've slighted me, or wronged me in any way. No, no...Perish the thought.."

The boy paused for a bit, feeling a bit nervous at how stilted her acting was.....But, he internally shrugged.

"Right." he called, before turning a corner. "I've..gotta go to the bathroom. See ya."

He quickly started to put some distance between him and the girl...pushing open the heavy doors, and moving into the sanctuary of the.......

"Oh thank God."

Freshly cleaned bathrooms. He had a feeling they wouldn't stay that way long, so he quickly went to take shelter in one of the stalls, and sat down fully clothed on the commode.

'Now...' he thought, starting to lift up his bag as he unfastened it and started to pull out the black notebook. 'Just a little, simple bit to get her through the rest of the day..'

He pulled a pen out of his pocket, clicked the top of it to bring out the point, and...

SLAM.....Clnnnng..

The door to the stall, along with the sliding lock was forced open....The dusty blonde looking at him with the same, forced smile...And sharp golden eyes.

"Are you done yet?"

Had he a heavier lunch, he certainly would have been at that point...Backing up over the commode.

"W..Wha...F..Faye?! Y..You can't come in here..!" he feebly called as the girl inched closer....A slow....menacing...pace...

Faust flinched, and braced himself as he felt the girl's hands come into contact with his shoulders, gripping him firmly in place....And then....

......

Snnnnnnff....

"A..Ah..?" he sounded, daring to open an eye as the girl was pressed up against him....and...smelling him?

"A bit of musk...A hint of lavender..." the girl called, in a soft tone. "A touch of desire......and a lot of lust....It's faint, but unmistakable. You've been blessed by the Goddess.."

"Um..W..what..?" the boy called, as the girl leaned back.

"You've got the scent of Saril on you. The Goddess of lust?" she started, her tensed expressions softened slightly....As she leaned in again. "It's enticing, and intoxicating....As one would expect....Tell me, when did you come into contact with her?"

The boy flinched at this, the girl namedropping the so-called Goddess he had kept a secret. Even Yuno didn't know about his connection with the otherworldly being....But.....

"I..I have no idea what you're talking about." he remarked, defiantly. "T..that must be the new cleaner that the Janitor is using..."

The boy tried to push Faye off at this, noticing his things scattered across the bathroom floor. He started to reach for them quickly, but....

"Aha.." Faye called out as she bent down to snatch up the black book....Holding it to her nose. "This...is it. A Lust Artifact, from the Goddess."

The boy paused.....As the girl ran her fingers over it, her body shivering wildly.

"Mmm...Just stroking it gives me shivers.... There's no mistaking it. One of the artifacts of Lust that Saril bequeaths to mortals in their times of desire and need. One of the Lustful desire conjurators."

"The....What..?" he asked, as the girl jabbed two fingers into his chest, pushing him back onto the commode.

"It's a notebook that lets you indulge in your deepest, lewdest desire." she addressed, firmly. "It manifests itself as whatever kink you wish to invoke in others...Shifting to suit the user. I wonder what sort of thought you have, you closet lech...."

"H..H...Hey, that's private information..!" the boy called out as he reach for the book, the girl's foot coming up to pin him to the commode by his waist. She flipped open the book...Flipping through the myriad of pages.

"Oh, you've barely even touched it!" she started...sounding...offended. "Empty...Empty...Empty...Empty...! You've hardly written any names in here! Don't you know what it can do?"

The boy flushed as he tried to wriggle free of the girl's overpowering foot, before she finally came to the front of the book.

"Ohohoho....Here we are. Yuno....Youmu...Marisa...Ellie..." the girl mused, grinning. "Ohhh...Ohh..So it's a wet note.."

Faust's face lit up like a streetlight, as the girl gave a soft grin...and eased her foot off of the boy.

"Harmless enough...." she mused, before closing it. "Good. I was worried you were going to be one of those kinds that enjoys something like..Killing people or the like."

'What, like a death note?' he thought to himself, before shaking his head....And starting to reach for it.

"Ah Ah....You owe me for lying, Faust." the girl added, holding the book over her head. "So, if you want this back....You're going to have to do me a little favor."

The boy flinched, biting his lip. Was she going to try to force him to contact Saril? To give up her location? Or......

"Use it." she called out firmly.....The boy flinching.

"I erm..don't have to go really.." he called, as the girl pulled out a pen.

"That can be arranged.." she quipped, pulling a pen out herself.

"A..Ah.....That won't be needed.." he assured her quickly as he started to unbutton his pants, the girl grinning.

"Heh...I hoped not."

It was...embarrassing, being watched...But, if it meant keeping the note....

.....

"T..There...Happy?" he called after the short period of relief, the girl smirking.

'Not quite.." she mused, as her hands gripped a sheet of paper.

Rrrriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiip.

"B..but you said..!" he started, as the girl ripped, and shoved a smaller piece of paper into his hands.

"I meant, use the note. Silly." she added in a faux-pleasant tone, the boy blushing. "You just assumed I wanted to see your..."

"E..Enough..!" he flushed, brightly. 'W..What do you want me to do? I don't want to make anyone.."

Faye pressed against the boy again, looking him into the eyes with her fierce, golden gaze.

"Someone in our next class." she stated, firmly. "I want proof, after all."

The boy found himself blushing again...As the girl lightly swatted at his crotch.

"Fly's down, by the way." she added, with a grin. "You have until the end of class. If someone isn't bursting into a pissy mess, then I'll be most upset with you."

The boy flinched, cupping himself after the girl swatted him...And froze...

'I.. I have to use it?' he thought, biting his lip. 'B..But.....'

He brought a finger to his lip to bite at it..pondering. Whoever he wrote would no doubt be shamed.... And worse.....

'This....paper is barely big enough to write on.' he thought, looking it over. 'I'd be hard pressed to get a name on here....forget any extra bits..'

No matter who he wrote...He couldn't imagine forgiving himself after that....As he picked up his things to start to class....

'What am I going to do..?'

He changed into his gym attire in the locker rooms, the little piece of paper in his pocket with a small pen.

'I have to write someone's name..' he thought as he took his seat, his friends from earlier passing by.

Yuno, looking a fair bit tense, but otherwise fine....Youmu a bit out of breath from having sprinted for the bell....and Lillica.....

...

There wasn't any doubt that he'd be upset seeing any of them in writhing need....A squirmy mess, or even the aftermath of such a situation.... Youmu's plump rump swaying in need....Yuno's bosom bouncing with her every step...or Lillica's....

...

'I..I shouldn't think about things like that..' he thought to himself as he internally debated....Wracking his brain. 'B..but what do I do?'

His mind was clouded with worry as gym class carried on....Basketball practice meaning every other thought was plagued with the Thump...Thumps of dribbling...As the dusty blonde kept watch on him through the corner of her eyes...

'If only I could...' he thought to himself....Before it suddenly hit him like a ton of bricks. '...of course! Why didn't I think of that immediately?!

He pulled out the small piece of paper at this, and scrawled...struggling to get all of the letters onto the scrap he was forced to work with....

"N..Nnn....Yuno's got it bad..." the pinkette's voice called to him, as she held her ball against her waist. "If..If Yuno's not careful..."

"She'll....wet.." the boy mused back to the girl, who quivered in need.

"D..Don't.." Yuno added, trembling on the spot. "I..It already feels like it's going to....."

The boy turned a last look at the dusty-blonde, before gripping Yuno's hand.

"Come on. Locker rooms. Now." he told the girl, who was all too ready to follow wherever he wanted to lead her. The boy pushed towards the door, and tugged her along....Waiting..counting on being followed.

"A..Ah...F..Faust...!" the pinkette called, starting to freeze in place. "Y...Yuno knows..."

"Just a bit more.." the boy assured, as he heard the door come open...and then close quickly.

"Playing a bit of naughty hooky, are we?" Faye's voice called out, prompting the pinkette to blush.

"I...It's not what..." the pinkette called, throwing her hands up to cover her face....As the boy smirked.

"Well...." the boy started, as he watched Faye's expression. Gone, was all of the rage and anger of before.....

Instead, were glowing golden orbs, staring at the oncoming scene.

"Ahh...Ahhh..Ahhh.." the pinkette sounded out in alarm...As Faye peered around the boy.

"Nine letters..."

"Hm..?"

"Nine letters.." the boy called out, as he pulled out the small scrap of paper. "That's all I could fit on this little bit you gave me. No room for details...No room for time....Only nine.."

The dusty blonde suddenly flinched...Her legs buckling out from under her.

"I thought about writing her name.." he started, gesturing at the staggering girl as she staggered into a stall, and barely got her shorts down, positively blasting the commode with a nearly deafening PSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH of barely contained waters. "Y-u-n-o, G-a-s-a-i. That's nine....But..."

"O..Ohhhhhhhhh....Ohhhhhh.....Yuno's shorts nearly got drenched..."

"I didn't want to do anything to a girl that didn't deserve it..." he called, trying to brush off the girl's...noisy comments. "But then..."

Faye covered her gym-shorts covered slit with her hands in need....As she felt herself sinking to the ground.

"I noticed.....'Faye Lyras' also was nine letters long. And, it just....baaaaaaaaaarely would fit."

A tint of red could be seen on the haughty girl's face....As warmth greeted her fingers quickly.

"But, I still didn't want you to be humiliated on your first day..." he added, gesturing around him. "So, I figured I could take advantage of Yuno's...predicament to lead you here, into the boy's locker room for the show. I knew you'd come running to see what I had planned, and well..."

He could see her face deepen red...As little leaks would no doubt cave to greater spurts...A few soft drippings becoming a slow, yet steady stream...

"You only assumed I wouldn't write your name down. But, that's okay. You were mistaken."

He grinned cockily, as the girl's body finally gave up...And he heard it...

The loud, telling...Psssshhhh..Psssshspshhhhhh of a taut, tinkle-tank, tormented after a short bit of toiling....Emptying through total toppling....A complete lapse in control.

He could see the girl's blue shorts now a deep navy....Clear, undaunted piddle pouring out onto the floor in sheets...As the girl's face flushed, and her breathing quickened. He could tell that it had come as a shock to her.....But, he wanted to bask in the glory a bit more, before he continued.

"I....can't believe....You....Did that.." Faye's voice called out in a strange tone. Not of admonishment, but of accomplishment. He wondered for a moment if she expected this, as he strode over to the girl with his hand outstretched.

"I'd like my note back please." he asked firmly, giving her the same neutral expression he gave her when she had inquired about what he had that was 'drawing people in'. "I'd rather not have to use the back of this piece of paper. It's a pain, squeezing all of that into such a tiny space.."

The girl's eyes looked up at him...But, rather than the same, brilliant gold...They shimmered a sharp, pinkish violet instead.

"Ohhhh...Ohhhh, I'll return it.." she cooed out in....far too sugary sweet of a tone. "Gods knows you know how to use it. But there's a small miscalculation....One part you overlooked....One mistake...."

The girl leaned forward, cupping his hips as she spoke...her breath feeling hot against him.

"You......made....."

"Oh..?" the boy called out quietly, looking down at the girl with a slightly raised eyebrow.

"Ohhh......You'll...... see.." she huffed in a suspicious tone...As he heard the bell ringing to end class.

"Phew...Time to get changed back." a familiar voice called, as the door to the locker rooms started to swing open. A female one......

'L..Lillica?!' the boy thought, before glancing around...And seeing various garments sprawled around....Including a familiar hoodie, and more than a few unfamiliar shirts.

"Shit..." he sounded to himself, as his brain went into overdrive, and his face flushed bright red in realization. ''We're....not in the boy's. We're in the Girl's locker room.'

==========

[Chapter 2: Follow-Up, End]

{{On 4/26/2017 at 8:33 AM, KnightofStars said:

...wait, did I miss some things!? I thought you abandoned this a while ago! Guess I have some reading to catch up on. I don't even know who that plum colored name is!

All in all, great first chapter! Can't wait to see more!

}}

AuthorFaust: The Plum haired girl is none other than a cameo of Rainyday's famous character from the interactive story, Lillica Quest.

*010*2017-05-16 19:41

[Chapter 3: Consideration]

Time was short....The boy could hear the clamoring footsteps of the entire mass of female students, as they made their way to the locker room....

'Shit....What do I do..?' The boy thought to himself, frantically searching for a place to hide. Leaving the room was impossible, and being discovered in the girl's locker room.....

Expulsion would be the least of his issues......If he was caught, looking like he was trying to peep on his female friends..He'd definitely be......

Fwunk.

The boy's head suddenly clanged against metal, as the dusty-blonde shoved him into a locker...slamming the door shut to black out most of his view.....

"Wow, Lillica! You're pretty amazing at shooting." a familiar, lightly regal voice called. The boy could picture long, pink hair....A respectable figure, and a lengthy dress....

'Ria..' he thought, as a slight chuckle could be heard...

"Ah, well...I've always been good at throwing things." Lillica's voice added, as the boy lightly rose to his feet....a small vent in the locker letting in the slightest amount of light....

"Eheh...I hope we don't have to play you during our testing time." Ria's voice mused, as the boy managed to barely peek out...his eyes going wide as he saw bare, creamy flesh....Only lightly covered by naughty material.....

'Stripes...' he thought, closing his eyes after a few dared moments....Holding his breath, and waiting...... 'I..I can't be found here..'

It felt like hours.......But, in reality, it was merely a few, tensed minutes......The noise inside of the locker rooms slowly dying down.......The crowd, slowly dispersing....And then...

....

FWUMP.

The boy's body tumbled to the ground as the door was opened, the dusty blonde standing behind the opened door, back to wearing her tan sweater, and ankle-length dress..

"Enjoy the show?" Faye's voice mused, as the boy shook his head.

"I..I didn't peek...Honest." he assured the girl...Whose expression glanced downward...and then sighed.

"I suppose..you didn't." the girl called, sounding a fair bit more...annoyed than before. "Figures that the almighty powerful artifact of lust, and desire....Falls into the hands of the one person who won't abuse it for their own personal, lustful gain.."

Faust went to raise himself up at this, glaring back at the girl.

"Speaking of, give it-" he started, as the girl held out the black notebook.

"Take it." the girl called, coldly. "I promised I would, and I'm not a liar.."

The boy took the book back from her quickly, and started to fan through the pages.....Glancing up at the girl after a bit.

"How do I know this is the real thing?" he stated, the girl's smile turning mischievous again.

"Could always write my name down again.." she mused, her hands gripping her long dress. "Make me do something demeaning....And then wet, again."

Faust glanced at the girl for a bit...before merely holding the book under his arm, and exhaling sharply.

"I'm fine, thanks.." he answered stiffly, glancing towards the door. "I...can test it later. When there's not so many people wandering around..."

"Oh? So you're one of those kinds?" Faye mused, giving a giggle. "Polite, and proper in public....but a freak in private.."

"Don't make such baseless assumptions.." Faust denied sharply, waving his hand side to side. "I just think...one wetting is enough for you today."

"Even though you could write more?" the girl mused back, grinning. "Could write anyone's name in it too. Make anyone do what you wanted with them......I saw you staring at-"

"I refuse." the boy stated firmly. "I don't plan on using the note, unless I have to....Abusing this kind of power would just be....unsightly."

"Heheh..So self-righteous.." Faye added, with a grin. "Very well...You can do what you want....For now..."

The boy watched as the girl started out ahead of him...her long dress waving side to side as she deliberately swayed her hips...the door closing on her back....

'....I..should get out of here..' he thought, before starting out of the room..quietly. If he stayed any longer....

....

.......

"So, someone knows about me?" the sultry voice of Saril called out to the boy, nonchalantly. "My my....It seems my reputation precedes me."

"It's so weird.." the boy snapped back, as he shut the door...Peering back at the ethereal, buxom woman...With ivory skin, violet eyes, and long black hair. "I mean..How many people have you given this notebook to before?"

"None." Saril answered quickly, as she floated in the air. "I've certainly catered to the desires of others before, but that notebook is my personal one. There's nothing else like it."

"Right.." the boy stated flatly, as he set the Wet Note on the table. "Aside from the literal fact of it making people soak.."

"Not entirely a unique feature.." the Goddess mused, as she floated down. "But, she made you use the Note."

"I didn't have a choice.." the boy called, as he sat down in his chair. "It was that, or she'd make off with it!"

"You could have prevented it, by writing her name before." The goddess called, as Faust shook his head.

"I just..don't want to have to rely on that kind of thing." the boy argued, leaning back in his chair and closing his eyes. "I just..."

...

The boy suddenly couldn't figure out how to finish that statement. He had a magical book, that could cater to his own desire....Something with a vast amount of power....And yet he....

He didn't want to use it?

'It's not that I don't want to, but..' he thought, as he remembered the girl's accident once more. Blue shorts, turning a sharp navy..... Her smug, confident expression.... melllllllting away as her urge overtook her.....

The growing, flowing puddle.....

"You look like you're enjoying yourself..." the Goddess's voice called, as his eyes opened once more.

"Well I..-" the boy started, before suddenly backing up, flushing. "S..Saril! Wh-wh-wh...."

"Oh, This?" the Goddess's voice mused, as she grinned. "I was just thinking..I should adopt a new look."

What was once a fully-grown, buxom woman....Was now only a slightly older girl...With softly pale skin....Violet hair tied into twintails..... And, what was originally a black corset...

Was now a violet blazer, and a knee-length plaid skirt, with tall purple stockings....

"S..so you just.." Faust remarked, as Saril brushed past him, with a grin.

"Yep." she mused, long black wings folding up neatly on her back...As she turned. "You don't mind, do you?"

The boy had certainly gotten used to Saril's adult figure......But, this modest, teenage one..?

"O..Of course not.." he bluffed, starting to turn on his computer. "You're...free to do as you...please..."

"Perfect. Heheheh...." the Goddess mused, letting out an amused giggle.....As she started off, swaying her hips with every step....

'Gods......' he thought to himself with the shake of his head, as he started to type away on his computer. 'She's just..trying to get me all bothered again..'

The boy started to peruse to a certain site....Curious about a mixture of updates, and submissions from...interesting parties.....

Booooooop....Booooooop....

The boy jumped as his computer started making noises at him.......One of the messenger apps he had open beeping...

[Call from: Lustful Lyras]

The boy, logically, denied the call....

Booop...booop...

Only to get it back....Again...and again...and again. Eventually, the boy groaned loudly, and clicked the button....Ready to give the pestering caller a piece of his mind...

"Hello, Faustus."

The moment he accepted the call, his monitor was filled corner-to-corner with the sandy-blonde haired girl from school....no longer wearing the same long dress, and concealing sweater....

But instead, simple....plain white lingerie.

He didn't have a camera on his computer.....But, somehow, it felt like her golden eyes were staring right at him, as she leaned back on a fluffy looking bed....The girl smiling.

"You didn't want to do this in school....So, I'm giving you a chance now.."

The boy found himself staring...mouth agape, as the girl spread her legs wide, her fingers running along the insides of her legs.

"Go on...Write my name." she softly groaned, her eyes practically glowing with desire. "Demean me....Humiliate me...make me bend to your will.."

The boy's eyes were still glued at the girl's legs, as she let out a loud, sweet moan....

"Ah..." the boy's mouth sounded quietly....As the girl's ears perked up...And she giggled.

"You sound needy.." the girl mused, as she leaned back on her bed. "Go ahead...write....I want to hear the noises you make..."

'How...did you even..?" Faust sounded out, as the girl rolled over onto her stomach...White panties cupping her ample bottom nicely.

"I Have my....ways." the girl's voice called dismissively......As she looked over her shoulder. "Do you like this angle? Or, would you prefer to see my..br-"

"I..I didn't ask for this..!" the boy snapped sharply, blushing from ear to ear.

"Oh, maybe not verbally..." the girl mused, brushing a finger against her lips. "But, your essence....Your Aura.."

Faust squeezed his eyes shut to try to block out the view....

"It just screams to me....." she started, as her fingers slid down to the sides of her panties. "You want more. You want..."

BLIP.....

The screen went dark on Faust's end.....Everything shutting down suddenly....As the boy peeked out from nearly closed eyelids...

"Ah..?" he started, quietly. "The power's..."

The whole room had grown dark, and the bright lights of his monitor were now blackened....As he glanced around, warily.

"That's....odd timing.." he stated quietly, before standing up...The power blinking back on in a few moments. His computer started to stir to life, but the boy moved to turn it back off.....sighing lightly.

"Geez....Why me..?" the boy called to himself, pacing around his apartment....Glancing once more at the black notebook. "Maybe...Maybe I Should get rid of it, before I do something....stupid..."

"Would you rather I haunt someone else?" Saril mused from the hallway, the boy turning to face her...and then away once again at her teenage form. "I'm certain I could find a more amusing target than you at this rate. It's been so long before today.....Have you even considered using it for your own pleasures in these past few months?"

"Well...I.." the boy started quietly.....As Saril's fingers jabbed into his sternum.

"Let me answer that for yo- No." she stated, flatly. "So, how about a good old fashioned bribe?"

"A..bribe..?" the boy called, as the girl climbed up onto his desk, crossing her legs.

"Quite. It's the only way I ever get you to do anything..." she mused, tapping her fingers along her thighs. "Bring me the undergarments of four different girls....And I'll give you a blessing."

"Ah..?" the boy sounded quietly...As Saril held up her finger.

"Oh, but if you don't complete my mission by the end of the week..." she added, uncrossing her legs. "I will leave you to lead your boring school life....And, go follow around someone with a more active Libido."

"A week?!" the boy snapped, sharply. "B..But...!"

"No butts." Saril stated, firmly. "And don't try to cheat me on this. I'll know if you try to bring me a bunch from that pinkette....Or, just buy some at the store."

"I...I would never think of cheating like that.." the boy defended quickly, as the girl leaned into him....Violet eyes looking deep into his soul...

"Of course not..." Saril stated sweetly...before the boy felt a firm grip on a very sensitive part of him.....Saril's pleased, bemused expression suddenly looking icy cold... "Or...I'll have to take this with me when I go."

.....

Any thoughts of trying to game Saril's system were swiftly dispersed.....As the boy paled....

......

"Aww....It looks like he disconnected." Faye's voice mused, as she rocked back and forth on her bed. "Shame...and I was looking forward to soaking these..."

The girl sat up, and parted her legs...leaning back on her bed....

"Well, no sense in wasting good fodder.." she mused...closing her eyes, and letting out a loud....soft sigh...

Psssssssssshhhh...Psssshhhpshssssshhhh

As white material started to darken a faded grey....a puddle forming between her hips, and puddled under her bottom.

"Next time....Maybe I should try a more...subtle approach.."

Her eyes flickered purple again as she pondered....Letting her mind wander as she lightly marinated in her puddle...

======

[Chapter 3: Consideration, End]

