Manon’s Pee Hold (Omo Story)

Author: Anon_User

*000*2023-07-06 05:41

I decided to make a story about Manon from Street Fighter obsessed with holding in her pee to prove something. I have been playing Street Fighter since release and she is my favorite character by far, for… obvious reasons ;).

So I made a short omo story for Manon. I hope you enjoy (constructive criticism is welcomed for better future story telling).

Manon’s Pee Hold

Manon stood in her dance studio, dressed in her tight, blue ballet dress. The fabric hugged her curves, accentuating her large butt, something that had been joked about on the internet. But she didn't care about that. Today was the day she would put her secret belief to the test.

Manon has been obsessed with achieving true beauty. She discovered a belief from other French ballet dancers about how to achieve true beauty. A woman must hold in her pee and never give into her bodily needs. If she pees herself, she permanently disgraces herself. Manon was determined to make this belief true.

"Today is the day," Manon whispered to herself, determination shining in her eyes. She filled her fitness bottle with water, nearly two liters of it, and drank it all. "Show time," she said, setting the bottle down.

As she began to practice her ballet dances, Manon waited for the urge to pee to strike. And when it did, she ignored it, firmly holding it in. An hour passed, and she leaned against the bar on the wall, gazing at her stomach. Her bladder bulged out, protruding from her lower abdomen, showing just how full she was. She crossed her legs, but her face remained calm and determined.

Hours went by, and the desperation grew. Her bladder bulge expanded, and yet, she resisted the urge to relieve herself. Glancing at the time, she realized she should get to bed. Sleep, after all, was essential for a beautiful woman like her.

In bed, Manon squirmed and fidgeted, desperately trying to hold in her pee. She drank another two liters of water, then attempted to fall asleep. Despite the discomfort and pain, she managed to drift off.

When Manon woke up, she was immediately hit by an overwhelming urge to pee. She stood up, double-crossing her legs and clenching her fists. Looking down at her stomach, she gasped. Her bladder painfully bulged out at the size of a soccer ball.

"Ah, merde! I'm so full," Manon murmured through gritted teeth. Despite the agony she was in, she continued on, forcing herself to go to the kitchen and drink her morning tea, in which she struggled with every sip.

Back in her dance studio, Manon stood there, tightly crossing her legs in desperation, clenching her teeth. Her bladder had swelled to the size of a watermelon, and she trembled with the effort to hold it in. But even in the face of extreme agony, she refused to give in. She muttered to herself, "I am strong. I am elegant. I am pure beauty."

With each passing minute, Manon's need to relieve herself intensified. Her bladder now held a gallon of urine, but still, she pressed on. She continued to practice her ballet, her movements flawless despite the immense pressure she felt within her.

Manon never peed again. She became a legend in the dance world, known for her unwavering dedication and control. But behind that façade of beauty, elegance, and grace, she carried a burden—a bladder perpetually on the brink of bursting. And yet, she persisted, her determination to achieve pure beauty never wavering.

These days, her bladder continues to grow. Now it’s the size of a wrecking ball, but she continues to hold it and dance perfectly. Her audience though report hearing her painful and desperate moans and whimpers when she dances on stage so elegantly and beautifully…

The End

