Most Unladylike (An Azur Lane Fanfiction)

Author: Aquamin

*000*2019-11-29 17:34

This is my first time writing something like this so sorry if it is bad. I just wanted to express my love for the game and its characters.

Wales's finger plunged into hood's warm depths. She groaned and put more of her weight onto Wales. Her fiancee moved her right hand to Hood's mouth. "Moan into my hand, darling," said Wales, we don't want anyone to discover us here. Hood Shivered as Wales yet again twirled her fingers inside her. Hood nods in response. The dark alley in which they made love was lit by a single light that buzzed annoyingly above them, the 90 degree turn into the alcove in which they stood, shielding them from the prying eyes of the various passerby's who went about blissfully unaware. Prince of Wales groans as Hood shuffles back into her. Her bladder compresses under hoods butt, 3 hours of warm pee make its presence known and sends jolts into her loins. Wales rubs her soft thighs together in an attempt to relieve the pressure building behind her pussy lips.

Her discomfort does not go unnoticed by Hood, the noble lady is the person who would least be expected to be in a secluded alley having her swollen lower lips rubbed in the cold November air. She leans off Wales's chest and faces her love. Wales stares at the lady before her, Union jack cape blowing in the breeze, with her skirt around her ankles. "Are you okay my love" Hood inquires, gazing at Wales with a look of worry mixed with animalistic lust. Wales stands straight.

"I'm fine, just a bit cold and horny" Wales explains. Hood pulls her clothes up "I think we should continue this at home dear, it is getting quite late and the temperature is frightfully cold". Wales nods and gestures for Hood to lead them out. Hood is deep in thought as they return to the Rolls Royce. Wales sways her hips in desperation. The tea they had at the cafe has pilled on top of the water from lunch. The growing lagoon inside her bladder threatens to burst forth in a roaring stream of hot liquid. Wales squats down next to the car. "Oooooooooooooh fuck" Wales exclaims. Hood snaps out of her trance-like state and rushes to her side. "Dear are you okay? what's wrong?" Hood clasps onto Wales's hands.

"Hood I have to tell you something. It's pretty embarrassing so I've been holding off telling you." Hood brushes the hair away from Wales's eyes. "We are going to be married. You can tell me anything dear" Tears begin to streak down Wales's face. "I have a fetish hood"

"It's a bit unorthodox so I didn't want to tell you"

"I was scared you would reject me, call me a freak and leave". Wales sobs hard into hoods shoulder. Her bladder muscles squeeze hard, trying desperately to keep the writhing ocean inside her from bursting out and soaking her white panties.

Hood pats Wales on the back as she sobs. "I'm not going to reject you, dear. Tell me what it is and ill do it for you soon.". Wales pulls her face up to look hood in the face. Hood wipes the tears from her eyes. "Everythings okay Wales."

"Tell me what it is.".

"Its pee Hood. I like watching other girls pee and wet themselves" Hood thinks for a second. "Wales we get wet all the time on sorties this is no different." Wales calms down, Fear replaced by jubilation. "Hood your would pee yourself for me?"

"Darling, later I will drink 2 liters of water, Put on my uniform extra tight, and squirm in front of you until I burst".

"Is that what you want Wales?".

The declaration from her love finally pushed Wales over the edge. 780ml of liquid broke through her hold and sprayed out of her vagina. Her plain white panties bulged from the massive volume of pee. draining from her stretched bladder. The panties provided but a small barrier for the torrent as it splashed onto the already damp tarmac of the car park. Wales let out a deep moan as a weight was figuratively lifted from her shoulder and literally removed from her torso. The stream lasted for 40 seconds until all that was left was an expanding puddle of warm urine. Hood did not break the embrace even as pee splashed over her shoes. "Feel better now Wales," asked Hood caringly. Wales let out a mild whimper to confirm that she indeed felt much better. "let's go home and get you cleaned up dear". Hood lifted Wales out of her squat and opened the passenger door. Wales weakly plopped herself down with a squelch. The warmth had drained from her panties to be replaced by the cold.

Hood hopped into the driver's seat and look over at Wales. "Can you hand me the water bottle in the door pocket?". Wales did as she wished and passed the freezing water over to her. Her eyes widened as Hood gulped down the 500ml bottle in lightening speed. Hood smiled at her Fiancee and started the car.

To be continued

How do i add flairs/tags? (not sure of the name)

*002*2019-11-29 18:52

{{Just now, Melificentfan said:

This story is so good so far

}}

Thank you so much. This is the first story I've ever written so I was afraid it or the structure would be bad.

*004*2019-11-30 17:37

{{22 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

This story is so good so far

}}

Thank you for the kind words

*005*2019-12-01 22:29

Chapter 2

*THIS IS A Flashback*

Apologies if the formatting sucks I'm trying something new.

Tennesee is the Captain rank

Wales is the Commander rank

Every shipgirl had her duty. For Prince Of Wales, it was to be the royal navy's representative to the Eagle Union. Everyone knew that duty was above all. Even their own bodily needs. A full bladder close to bursting was not uncommon. Constant conferences, sorties, and training ensured that sometimes there simply was no time for a lady to relieve herself. This was the situation that Wales found herself in on this unusually busy day. A renewed siren offensive had required her full attention over the past week, and today was yet another day of pouring over reports from the front and discussions with her eagle union counterpart, Pennsylvania over strategy.

All this had led to Wales being on her feet constantly, moving from one thing to another, but finally, she arrived at her last appointment for the day and a quite odd one at that. After leaving the Union commander's office she had been approached by someone she least expected, Tennesee, Eagle Union battleship, head of training, and quite hot-headed.

Unlike many other shipgirls who saw a full bladder as a necessary nuisance, Wales, for reasons she could not fathom, enjoyed the feeling of fullness one only got after holding a few large glasses of water over several hours and although sometimes she had come uncomfortably close to soaking her uniform, she had never done so yet.

Wales snapped to attention and gave a bow as was only proper when greeting another officer, even one who would be locked in the brig if she had her way. The quick movement was not appreciated by her rapidly filling bladder that protested violently at her carelessness. A bead of sweat ran down her brow as she tightened her stretched bladder muscles and silently prayed not to leak. Tennesse raised a salute, "Hello Commander Wales".

"At least she knows my rank", thought Wales

"Greetings Captain, what may I do for you?",Said Wales. Tennesee looked around cautiously.

"It's not something I can discuss in public Commander", whispered Tennessee. Wales raised a brow at this

"Is there somewhere you had in mind to talk?",Tennessee leaned close to wales

"Come to my room in 5 minutes, we cannot be seen entering together".

Wales sighed internally, 5 minutes would not be enough for her to walk back to her quarters and pee. "Is this urgent?", she asked.

Tennesee nodded "Please come on time, oh and just call me tenny"

Tennesee quickly ran off without another word

Wales glanced around the area ensuring she was alone before walking off behind the commander's office building. It was a dark and secluded spot with no one to see her, oh how easy it would be just to pull her panties down and let out a gusher of piss into the bushes. The relief would be orgasmic and the experience exhilarating. Wales let out a soft moan as her legs twisted together into a tight knot. It would be so good just to let go and drain her stressed bladder of all the warm piss. But she couldn't. No noble lady, especially one of the royal family would lower herself by peeing in a secluded bush. Imagine the scandal if she was seen or the ungodly amount of humiliation she would feel once the feeling of euphoric relief died down. "No", Wales declared "I will control myself, A LADY MUST ENDURE".

Wales suddenly broke back into reality, realizing that it had been five minutes since Tennessee had left. Gathering herself and clearing her throat, she started on her way to the Union Barracks. Her normally confident stride was replaced by a cautious one as she put more and more effort into bottling up the raging tides within her which threatened to soak the immaculate carpet below her. She stopped outside of Tennessee's door and proceeded to dance in place for a moment to bring some pressure off herself before entering. After composing herself and ensuring her head was clear she knocked thrice on the door. The rattling of the chain behind the door could be heard before the door swung open slowly. Tennesee's head popped out and glanced this way and that before opening the door fully and beckoning Wales in.

Wales stod in the middle of the room and glanced around. Tennessee's room was a bit spartan, a single bed with white sheets, a desk, and a chair, a radio on a set of drawers and finally a small area in the corner that had no carpet but instead a 6x6 feet space covered with tiles, not unlike those in the bathroom, a thought not lost on Wales who felt a shiver go up her spine. Above the tiles was a suspension for a boxing bag although it was not currently up. Tennesee closed the door and locked it behind her before joining Wales.

Wales turned to face her, hands clasped behind her back although she desperately wanted to shove them in her panties to squeeze her pee hole shut. "Well, what did you wish to tell me that was so secret cap... I mean tenny?", Wales looked at the tanned Union girl with false confidence as she felt herself almost leak.

Tennesee removed her cap and threw it onto her bed, "I wanted to talk to you about something personal, something that you and I may have a mutual interest in commander".

Wales pondered the meaning of what she said, "What do you mean "mutual interest" you told me you had something important to tell me that could not be told in public", Wales declared sternly. A grin appeared on Tennesse's face and she stepped close to Wales, the union girl was slightly taller than Wales but this did not phase Wales who met her gaze. "commander what I have to tell is more important than any intel report or action summary", said Tennesee. Also, do you have something more casual I can call you here? "commander" is way too formal for my home".

Wales crosses her arms. "Just in here you may call me Wales, but only here miss Tennessee", said Wales.

"None of that "miss" stuff either", Tennessee used her fingers to make a quote sign when she said that. Wales was fuming at her apparent rudeness.

Fed up with this nonsense and now positively busting for the loo, Wales glared at the Union girl before speaking. "I have had enough of your games captain!!!", she barked "tell me now what you wish to say with no more funny business or allow me to take my leave!!!".

Tennessee was shocked at Wales's sudden rage. A wide smile spread across her face and she began to chuckle. Prince of Wales was stunned by her sudden display and her fury was replaced by confusion. "I like your bluntness a lot more than your ladylike stoic attitude, it's like you have a stick shoved up your ass if I'm honest"

"Excuse me miss Tennesse" Wales snapped at her "I will not take that kind of talk towards our way of doing things." Wales had a fury in her eyes that Tennessee had not seen outside of a battlefield. "If all you want is to insult me then I will take my leaveeeehaaaaaaa". Wales suddenly doubled over as a huge wave of desperation hit her. Liters of warm piss pounded on her pussy lips demanding to be let out. She shoved a hand into her panties and squeezes her pussy lips together her legs cross tight together.

Wales was so ashamed of herself, she had been insulted and now she was about to pee herself in front of the insulter. She wished oh so much for either a toilet to appear in front of her or to disappear. She gritted her teeth as she felt the first drops hit her white laced panties. She looked at the floor before speaking. "Are you going to say anything else captain or are you just going to laugh like the cold bitch you are?".

*clap*

*clap*

*clap*

She squinted up at Tennesse. What she saw made her jaw drop. The blonde had stripped down to a star-spangled bra and black panties.

"w-w-why are you? like that!?" Wales gasped.

"I was just testing you "miss" Wales, seeing if what I thought you were like underneath was true".

"I could not let a stick-her-ass lady of the royals know about what I'm going to show and tell you".

"I also had to know if you liked what I and a few others like before I told you and by what you are like right now I would say you are into it".

Wales shifted to face Tennesse with a million things going through her head. She wanted to be angry. She wanted to be stoic. But right now her bladder was in control and all she was was desperate. She spoke with desperation in her voice and tears in her eyes, "What do you want Tenny?" Tennessee strode over to Wales, her long tanned legs tantalized Wales and stimulated a very different feeling in her loins. She gripped Wales's hand and led her carefully over to the tiled area in the corner of the room. Both stood on it hand in hand. Tennessee whispered into Wales's ear "I'm going to show you something that will make you go crazy". She removed the white gloves from wale's hands before guiding one to her own lower belly. Wales suddenly had a realization but, before she could say anything, her hand was forced hard into Tenneesse's bladder. Wales immediately felt the iron hardness of it and it sent a shockwave of emotions through her.

Tennessee smiled at Wales. "Do it", she whispered.

Wales pushed into Tenny's bladder with all her might and suddenly something happened. She had a realization. She didn't just like holding her bladder. She loved it. At the same time, both of their dams broke.

A torrent of hot, steaming pee gushed out of their vaginas and saturated their panties. Both started moaning loudly as liters of piss drained from their bladder and onto the floor. An almost waterfall-like stream appeared in between Wales's spread legs while Tenneesse had hot streams run down her legs onto her bare feet. She could feel every centimeter of warmth on her legs and her toes begin to submerge in the warm liquid. Her eyes rolled back into her head as Tennessee, Union battleship orgasmed to the sensation of pee flooding down her legs.

Wales as well was lost in the ecstasy of the situation, her white panties now turned a brilliant yellow under her now soaking skirt and her stockings sagged under the immense pressure and volume of liquid. For 2 minutes this continued. Tennesse had orgasmed again during this time and had plunged her hand into her panties as she peed and began to massage her inner walls. Wales had simply lost herself in the Bliss and said nothing nor did she move. For 2 minutes after they both stayed still, catching their breath. "Well how was that commander?", asked Tennessee. Wales panted for a moment more before replying. "Well it was nice", she said.

"just nice?", asked Tennessee. Wales looked straight into her eyes before pulling her into a kiss. "Would you prefer FUCKING AMAZING captain?", exclaimed Wales.

Tennesse laughed loudly. "Why yes, Wales I would prefer that".

"Hey, Tenny what did you mean before by others when you said you were into this?".

*KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK*

Wales suddenly went white as a sheet. Someone would see her like this. What if it was a Royal Navy girl?. What if a Royal Navy girl finds out. What if a..... her worries were silenced from a kiss from Tenny. The blonde rubs her thigh against Wales's leg, "don't worry commander, you are among friends". Without changing or even taking off her now soaked black panties she walked to the door and peered through the peephole. Wales hid her face expecting the worse when suddenly a voice with a union accent called out. "Oh so you managed to confirm she liked it, Tenny I'm glad we are going to have a new member to our little club !!". Wales opened her eyes and looked to the door. "Wales meet our club's president", said Tennesse.

"Greetings commander Wales I'm glad to have you join us in our endeavors"

Wales, who was silent up to that point spoke.

"Cleveland?"

To be continued

*006*2019-12-02 20:22

A bit of an explanation for chapter 2 being so different from chapter 1

Chapter 1 was something I already had thought when I wrote it, but I had no idea what to do for part 2. So I did a bit of thinking and while I was doing that I came up with what became chapter 2. I morphed the idea a bit to fit Wales in as a back story as to why she has her wetting fetish so to better support things that are going to happen later in this story. The "club" that was mentioned and what all that is will be explored in a separate fanfiction.

This story (Most Unladylike) will focus on Prince of Wales and will continue on as normal in chapter 3. The new story I will post will focus on the "club" and what all that is about.

Not sure which will come first it just depends on what pops in my head first.

Sorry if this is awfully written but I hope you get the gist of it.

*008*2019-12-02 23:03

{{2 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

This story is getting better and better can’t wait to read what happens next

}}

Thank you so much. There should be another post coming on here describing (badly I was tired when I wrote it) what is next for my stories.

*009*2019-12-04 23:33

Chapter 3

Wales could not believe her eyes. She watched transfixed as pee snaked its way down Warspite's legs. The soft pattering on the polished marble echoed through the empty throne room as she lost control. After 4 hours of guard duty waiting for a queen who never showed up, the commander of the Queen's guard wet herself. "Wales". Warspite reached down to her panties and hooked her fingers around the hem of her panties. "Wales we are home". Warspite faced Wales and began to pull down her panties while still peeing. "Wales wake up"

Hood reached over and lightly shook her sleeping Fiancee, "Hello, wake up". Wales slowly opened her eyes, glancing this way and that, she wasn't in the throne room and Warspite was not here. She raised a hand to her face and rubbed her eyes. As her senses returned to her she realized that she was in the Rolls Royce that she and Hood used, she looked over to the driving seat and saw Hood's familiar smile, "Good evening darling, did you sleep well?". Wales groaned and stretched.

"Hey hood, what did I miss?", asked Wales. "Just the drive home dear so not much", replied Hood. Wales suddenly froze, a look of surprise and nervousness on her face. "Wales are you okay?", Hood rested a reassuring hand on Wales's shoulder. Wales felt like her cheeks were on fire as she blushed. "Hood, what were we doing?". Wales had sensations and memories flash through her head, the familiar warmth of freshly peed panties, the consoling hug of Hood, and a promise from Hood to fulfill her wildest dreams. All this was so wonderful. So wonderful it was like a dream. And was it just that, a dream? Suddenly all her worries were sucked away into a passionate kiss. For two minutes they held the kiss, their tongues battling for dominance which Hood eventually won before breaking away.

Hood stroked Wales's face, "We were doing a lot of naughty and wet things darling", She answered. Wales felt light-headed, it was not a dream, Hood really did accept what she liked. Wales moved her thighs and felt the clammy, cold wetness of dried urine on in her underwear. Hood cleared her throat. "If you have recovered enough can we please go indoors as soon as possible". Wales took a deep breath before opening her door and stepping out of the car.

Retrieving her house keys and swinging open the door, she held it open for Hood before closing it behind them. Hood and Wales removed their coats and hung them up on the rack. Wales then looked at Hood as she remembered that her lover had drunk a full 500ml bottle on top of the tea they had out and about earlier. By her estimates, she reckoned Hood had consumed at least 1250ml and not peed in 6 hours. Her mind went dizzy at the thought of how stretched Hood's bladder must be. Strangely Hood had not shown any signs of the intense desperation she must be in and remained her usual composed self. "Hood if you are bursting to piss please show it to me, you don't have to remain in your ladylike persona around me". Wales stood close to her lover, and this time it was her with the reassuring simile.

Upon hearing what Wales said, Hood felt like a massive weight had been taken off her. Ladies of the royal court are meant to remain elegant and upstanding at all times, the thought of prancing around in mad desperation for the "loo" as it was supposed to be called was absurd. Throughout the entire car journey, it had been torture to remain still with what seemed like a swimming pool resting in her pelvis. The possibility of Wales waking up and seeing her kept her hands away from her crotch and legs apart.

While she had promised Wales to wet for her, she was not sure how Wales would react to her frantic pee dance. The part about squirming for her had been thrown in to make Wales, who had the same etiquette code as her, feel better about suddenly descending into curses and squirms as she reached her limit. Now that she knew Wales was okay with it, she could finally do something about the almost overwhelming need to pee.

"Oh my god that's hot" whispered Wales, as Hood shoved her hands into her crotch, pushing her blue skirt and tights into her panties to push her lower lips closed. Her knees knocked together as she bounced up and down, crossed her legs, and let out a moan as she felt a small drop slip from her grasp and out her urethra. She clenched her muscles as hard as she could and screamed at herself in her head. "I must not let it out," she thought "I cannot pee here". By now the effort of holding back the raging tide was painful, tears welled up in her eyes at both the pain and effort of holding. "I can't hold it"

"I can't hold it". A 2-second stream sent her into panic and she bolted for the kitchen.

Wales ran after Hood, calling her name and pleading for her to go to the bathroom if it was that bad. Hood, however, knew it was too late for that. If she tried to walk upstairs she would explode as soon as she reached halfway, there was only one option left to her. Arriving in the kitchen she did not even bother to turn the light on before frantically rummaging through the cupboards, rubbing her hips together frantically. Wales barreled into the kitchen seconds later, hitting the light switch on the way in, "Hood, ill carry you up if I need to just please tell me what to do!!" she shouted. "Wales I would pee on you!!" Hood replied, "Just stand back and watch". Hood then pulled an old, unused measuring jug out of the cupboard. As she turned and showed it to Wales her lover's eyes widened and jaw hit the floor. "H-h-hood?" stammered Wales. That reassuring smile now reappeared on Hood's face under her now disheveled hair. "Enjoy the show, dear".

Pulling her skirt up with one hand and placing the jug against where her panties were hidden by her tights, she finally relaxed her bladder muscles and started to pee. A stream with fire hose like ferocity burst out of her tights and slammed into the jug. The room was filled with the roar of rushing liquid as the stream rained down hard into the plastic container. Hood's tights bulged and sagged at the crotch due to the immense power of her scolding hot pee stream, and her black panties were turned to a hue, not unlike the night sky outside. With an iron grip, she kept tight hold of the jug, making sure that not one drop escaped from it or hit the floor she had mopped only this morning. Throughout it all she kept that reassuring smile, never faltering or looking away. No moans were had, nor did she tremble and shake. All that could be heard in the Room was Wales's heavy breathing and the torrent that kept erupting from Hood's urethra.

After what seemed like many hours of peeing and then dripping, Hood's bladder was finally spent. Letting her skirt down again and placing the jug upon the bench, she beckoned Wales over to see what the measurement was. Wales's heart was pounding in her chest and she was sure the wetness in her panties was not sweat or pee. With her head in the clouds, she made her way over to Hood and examined the labels on the side. The clear liquid almost filed the jug, only falling short of the last label.

"1786ml" declared Hood "It's not what I said but it's close".

Wales was head over heels in love with the situation. "MY FIANCEE JUST PEED HERSELF FOR ME!!!!" she squealed internally. Wales seized Hood into a tight cuddle, "I'm so lucky to have you as my lover Hood" Wales declared. "And I'm happy you liked it darling" Hood replied. Wales ended the hug, "I think we should get changed into pajamas and clean up", she said. Hood thought for a moment, "Give me your hand Wales". Wales was confused by the request but did so without hesitation. What Hood did next made the wetness in her panties turn to a violent orgasm. She watched as Hood guided her hand up her skirt and then onto a patch of damp warmth. Wales clenched her hand and screamed as her orgasm crashed over her, and Hood also stifled a loud moan of her own hand as Wales's fingers split the soaked tights and plunged up into her sodden panties. Both girls took a few minutes to recover before going upstairs and cleaning up.

20 MINUTES LATER

Hood rested her head on Wales's breasts as they both lay on the sofa. She took another sip of hot chocolate before placing it down on the coffee table. "So Hood is this going to be something we continue to do?" asked Wales. Hood tilted her head to look at her. "Of course it is darling, remember I still have not peed the 2 liters I promised to" she replied. Wales wrapped her arms around Hood. "I love you so much, Hood".

"And I love you more than you could imagine Prince of Wales". Both Girls drifted off to sleep on the sofa as snow began to fall outside.

*010*2019-12-04 23:54

I probably should have done this already so here are pictures of (in order) Prince of Wales, Tennessee, and Hood for reference. All images from https://azurlane.koumakan.jp/Azur_Lane_Wiki

*012*2019-12-11 16:09

Chapter 2 is not canon and just a dream. Explanation in a status update.

