OmoRomance

Author: AlwaysLeaking

*000*2025-08-26 02:17

It looked like it was going to be another successful party.

It was nice to see some of the same faces as other years, and not so nice for some others. There has been a slight change over the years to the roster of village citizens or guests at the party, so I keep my relationship with them as the absentee friend and keep the drinks coming, the ice stocked and the finger foods warm.

Bill and Maria were always a pleasure. He’s the funniest dentist I know, which considering the pool of dentists I know, isn’t saying much. Maria has a degenerative bone disease, so every year she still feels like coming out is a blessing.

There’s the three hens, aka the minions; my ex-wife’s friends. Christine, Jeannie, and Karen. They’re pleasant enough to my face, but I know they watch everything I do and report back to her. I tried not to disappoint them for a few years, but I’m not that guy, and the village isn’t a hotbed of sleaze, so I’ve become used to having them waste their time keeping tabs on me. Christine is the ringleader, if such a thing exists amongst minions, a vapid socialite who lives by feeling her own relevance. Karen has an appropriate name, and Jeannie represents the anomaly. Far shyer than the others, she shows kindness and warmth, and if it weren’t for history, she’d be worth the scandal.

There’s Walt, the closest thing Apple Lake has to a mayor. Village Executive is the official title, and it’s little more than a part-time, poorly paid gig, which is odd considering the relative wealth of many in the village. He likes it, and as the only Certified Financial Planner in the area, he doesn’t need the money. He’s just been telling me about some of the latest new residents, one of whom is in attendance tonight.

There were about 30 people, all arrayed around the large open floor plan of the lake house, vying for their turn in the single bathroom at the center of the house. On one side is the kitchen and large dining room, and on the other is a wide open space up against large picture windows overlooking a grassy slope leading down to the lake. The original house was built in the 1850s, and sadly, no photos of it exist until the 30s when it received its first addition. In the 70s, it was modernized, and the interior was made into an open plan. It’s a split level, and Walt and I were standing at the railing overlooking the living area from the dining room.

“Her name is Jennifer, and she moved in after your party last year. New governess, or whatever old man Mackey is calling her.” His eyes point out a petite Asian woman with bobbed black hair, a white sleeveless blouse and a khaki, thigh-length skirt. “He’s been travelling a lot more this year, and she’s in that monster house alone with the staff and the children. It’s good to see her out; I don’t think she gets away very much.”

“Governess,” I let the word roll in my mouth. “She seems too old to be an au pair.” Not that she was old, but an au pair seemed like a teenager, and she was not a teenager. It was hard to pin an age on her. I guessed mid-thirties?

“I will leave it to you to discover her secrets.” Walt finished the last of his bourbon, and we walked back to the counter, where he set his empty glass. “You should talk to her; she’s pretty.”

“She is,” I agreed, “but I’ll talk to her anyway.” I winked at him.

“Tom, it’s been six years now? Don’t you think you’ve waited long enough?

“Who says I’ve waited?”

He did that thing where he looked over the top of his glasses at me. “Tom.”

“Well? I’ve been busy.”

“With all those college students?”

“That would be unprofessional.”

“Of course.” He agreed. He pushed his glasses up with a finger. “Despite that, you’re not getting any younger. I’m not saying you should prey on her, but at least chat with her a little. Besides, it will give the Minions something to talk about.” It wasn’t good that we both looked over at them, but their attention was riveted on Jennifer, who appeared to be in some discomfort. It almost looked like she was… no. I’m sure it was my imagination.

We looked at each other. “OK, Walt, you sold me. I’ll do it for the Minions. Besides, she looks… uncomfortable.”

“See? She’s screaming ‘save me, save me’,” he finished in a higher-pitched voice. “And what will the children do without their governess? Tom, think of the children.”

“Aren’t you supposed to be leaving yet?”

Walt sighed. “Yes. Susan will need help getting to bed again.” He finished his beer, and we walked past the kitchen counter, where he set the bottle down, on our way to the front door. “I’d like to say I’m coming back, but… those days are gone. I’ll have another beer and fall asleep.”

“Sounds like a good evening to me.”

“See? Find yourself a good woman so you can fall asleep at home with a beer.”

“I already do that, no woman required.” I didn’t tell him the part where I would hold my pee until I leaked and couldn’t help peeing my pants. No woman was going to tolerate that. My ex sure didn’t.

“I know the divorce was hard, but you’ve bounced back well. You got this place out of the deal, and while I love seeing you, if you ever want to sell…”

“You’ll be the first to know, Walt.”

“Have fun and be good, and if you can’t be good, be careful,” he offered as his standard parting. I mumbled the rest along with him, “And if you can’t be careful, name it after me.”

“I’ll see you Sunday, Walt.

“Not if I see you first.” I checked to see if there was anyone else arriving as he went down the pathway to the street, but there wasn’t, so I went back to the kitchen.

I got the Lakehouse in the divorce and had even lived here for a while. Long enough to finish authoring a book as a follow-up to my PhD. The book, while financially pointless, got me an offer from the University of New Mexico, and so it was off to Albuquerque for me. For the past 5 years, I returned in mid-June for a week, coinciding with Founders Day, and threw the traditional party we had thrown for years prior on the Friday before the 21st.

I would never have been able to afford that place, so I worked with Walt, and we got it set up as an Air B&B. A local family handled the cleaning, and the house generated enough income to cover expenses and then a little extra. I looked forward to coming back every June, hosting the party on Friday night, and then pissing myself silly through the weekend before having the professional crew come in and give the place the yearly deep cleaning. My little treat to myself.

Even now, as I went to pop open another beer, I toyed with holding during the party, although I would never wet with guests in the house; still, it could be fun to risk a little leaking. I switched to another playlist, Summer Suarez, on Amazon Music and did some recon.

The party had been going on since 5, and it was pushing 9 now, with the sun still kissing the horizon this close to the solstice. The sunset was gorgeous over the lake, and with the back porch being a perfect vantage point, many of the guests were outside. I refreshed the food spread — nothing fancy, pre-made trays and stuff I could heat from frozen. Naturally, there had to be a small crock full of those tiny hot dogs with barbecue sauce. I know, Vienna sausages. Whatever.

I noticed the Asian woman, Jennifer, standing by the window looking outside. She was shifting from hip to hip, and I thought she was dancing by herself, but the motions were too exaggerated, and I realized I knew that dance. She had to pee.

The bathroom was free, which was a rarity, and I wondered if she knew where it was. I suppose she could also go outside. Because she wore a skirt, she could in theory go anywhere outside unnoticed once it got dark. My imagination took off as I watched her, and my cock swelled as I pictured her just peeing outside, on the lawn, next to the hydrangeas.

She saw me staring. I’m sure I blushed hard and figured it was time to introduce myself. I went down the 5 stairs to the living room and over to her as I introduced myself. “Hi, I’m Tom.” I stuck out my hand.

She took it. “I’m Jen.”

I felt awkward. Up close, she was lovely, with her cropped black hair and tanned skin. She had a heart-shaped face, a narrow nose, and full, pert lips with dark, almond-shaped eyes. The sunset behind her formed a nimbus around her head as though she were an angel sent to earth. She wasn’t tall — five three — with small breasts and a slim waist and wide hips. At just a hair under six feet, I was a full head taller. I caught myself staring at her again, and tried to recover as she asked, “Are you alright, Tom?”

“Yes, it was just you, with the sunset…,” and I caught myself. What was I honestly going to say to her? Now, it was her turn to blush, and she looked down at her feet. “Do you need something to drink? Have you eaten?” I hoped I could recover.

“I could use another beer.”

“C’mon, there’s a cooler outside.” I led her out to the porch and to a cooler, where I pulled a Garage Beer and popped it open for her. I swigged the remainder of mine down and grabbed another. Not the best idea, but my brain was misfiring like crazy. I nodded towards the lawn, and we walked down the stairs onto the grass as the sun did its last flare before disappearing beneath the water and bathing us in twilight.

“I’m told you wrote a book.” I nodded. “The migrations and intermingling’s of the pre-Columbian Indigenous cultures in the American Southwest?” I arched my eyebrow at her.

“You’re not one of those fans who want me to sign their book and then stalk me, are you?” She smiled at that. “Please say yes!” I tried to look like a little kid hoping for ice cream.

I clapped my hands excitedly when she answered, “Yes,” and then she continued, “Except. I haven’t read your book and don’t have a copy, and I do not know where you live, other than New Mexico.”

“You’re a little new at this stalker thing, aren’t you? It’s OK, I’m new at being stalked, so it looks like we’ll get along fine.” I could see her pressing her knees together as she swiveled her hips. She was far more subtle than I was, and it made me realize I was approaching a point where I would have to go to the bathroom or leak. I wondered, rather, hoped that she would start peeing right then and there, and again she caught me in my reverie, staring at her, slack-jawed like an idiot.

“Are you OK?” Now I hoped she didn’t notice the bulge beginning to form in my pants.

“I’m fine, it’s just you, you’re… You’re beautiful.” I wanted to claw those words back as soon as they left my mouth, but I just followed with, “I’m sorry, I don’t mean to make you uncomfortable.”

“You’re not.” Her face flinched, and I saw her body spasm a little, and then she continued. “I think you’re handsome. Ed told me you’d be handsome and funny and that I should come to your party.”

“Ed, you mean old man Mackey?” She winced.

“He hates being called that. He’s only 42. My age.”

“Wow, I assumed he was older. You I assumed, were younger.”

“Most people do on both counts,” Jen chuckled, and I could see her legs clenching a little as she rolled her hips. Her brief episodes lasted only a second or two, and then she seemed normal. I felt a little bad, wondering if I was misunderstanding the situation. Perhaps she just had a nervous tic or some kind of muscular condition. “He seems all kinds of grumpy, but he’s nice once you get to know him. He speaks highly of you.”

“Me? That’s odd.” Despite attempts at spraying, the mosquitoes were out, so I motioned for us to walk again, and we climbed the stairs back to the deck. I could see the minions watching like vultures, waiting to see what happened.

The first strong urge to pee hit me, and I realized I was officially holding from here on out. It had to be a dream that she was too. I considered going to the bathroom like a normal person, but I didn’t want to walk away from this enchanting woman.

“He read your book. He told me a little about it. It sounds interesting.”

“I may be a little biased, but it is.” She laughed at my stupid joke and reached out to squeeze my arm. Her knees pressed together, and her hips rocked. Again, I could see that she exhibited all the signs I recognized from scores of omorashi videos and descriptions in stories, and now I became convinced she was holding. “Are you alright, Jen? Do you need…? Can I show you where the bathroom is?”

Her face flushed a bright shade of crimson, and my heart stopped, afraid I had offended her. She hissed slightly, caught herself and then answered, “I saw the bathroom,” and nodded through the windows at the growing line for the bathroom inside. “I’ll wait, but I appreciate your thoughtfulness.”

We stepped inside, and it thrilled me to see Jen stay with me as I went up the short stairs to the kitchen. We walked past the Minions, who were now a study in disinterest, and I smirked as I acknowledged them. Walt would be proud of me. We continued through the line for the bathroom, and experience told me it was going to be a while if you got in line now. No one appeared desperate already, but these were all normal people who planned and went to the bathroom when they were supposed to.

Jen joined me when I started tidying a little, and I thought of getting another beer, but figured I should have a water and poured myself a red solo cup full. I held it up to see if Jen wanted one, hoping she wanted one, but she held up her beer can, showing she was still working on that. I saw her grip the counter and squeeze her thighs and knees together, and then I was positive she was holding, becoming lightheaded at that realization and felt a fresh surge of blood to my prick.

She grabbed a toothpick and stabbed at one of the tiny hot dogs covered in barbecue sauce. The second stab pierced one, and soon she was licking her lip to remove a stray drop after she put it in her mouth. She asked me about my book, and I realized I had a crush on her. I gave her the 5 minute Reader's Digest version, even though I would lecture for hours at the university and even got some of my jokes in, which she politely laughed at. I noticed her getting closer until her body was against me, with one hand holding me at the elbow where I could feel her squeeze slightly when her knees pressed against each other. The Minions noticed too.

“Your students must love you.” I could smell the barbecue sauce on her breath.

“Oh sure,” I said, rolling my eyes, “all the way until the first grading period.”

“Do any of them try for…,” she smiled to herself and blushed, “extra credit?”

“They try, but I’m not that professor.” As much as I liked the direction this was taking, I was more interested in learning about her. “I’m going to go out on a limb here and guess that you are…,” I paused dramatically, “Japanese.”

“That limb did not break, sir. Technically I’m American, but my parents moved here from Japan in the late 70s.” We both looked at each other, smiled, and then I felt myself blush again and look away. I was feeling warm despite the chill of having to pee.

I checked, and the bathroom line was still going. I knew I would need to do something myself soon unless I wanted to risk a visible wet spot. I couldn’t imagine she hadn’t leaked by now, and I wondered what her endgame was. I figured I’d go for it.

“Omorashi or Omutsu?” She froze at those words, and her eyes widened as her mouth opened. I could see her tense a little, as if she were suppressing a leak, and then she glanced around.

“Origami. You forgot that one.” She sighed. “Omorashi.” She pronounced it differently, and I realized she must also speak Japanese. “I should have worn a pull-up, but I hadn’t planned on anything.” She looked me in the eye for a moment, and I felt a twinge in my groin as I tried to suppress another leak, to no avail. “I intended to use the bathroom, but someone was in it, and then I held it for a while longer, and then you showed up. Now, I’m too…,” she blushed and looked away. “It feels too good right now.”

Giddily, I admitted, “I’m holding too, and I don’t have much time left.”

“Tell me about it. If I had known you knew, I might have done it while we were outside.” Her leg was pressing against me, and she was practically standing on my toes. I think she was steadying herself, and this sudden revelation about her and her acceptance of my admission was intoxicating. The thought of the two of us letting loose together was more than I could stand, and I had to get away from the party.

“If you had done that, I believe I would have cum right then and there.”

She blushed, holding her hand in front of her face, and said, “I think I might just now, anyway.” She was startled at her own admission. “I’m never this forward. I don’t know…”

“It’s the pee talking. Me too.”

She laughed at that and then winced. “Don’t make me laugh,” as I felt her leg press against me and she gripped my elbow tightly. She looked at the bathroom line. “Can you cut me in?” She paused. “Or shall we go outside?”

“No,” I whispered, “come with me.” I took her hand and stiff legged lurched towards the upstairs stairway, off limits to guests, and it was a struggle for both of us to control ourselves as we climbed them. Once upstairs, I relaxed, and she looked around as I led her through the main bedroom into the bathroom. I could hear her breathing faster as I turned on the dim night-lighting and let go of her hand, but she didn’t let go of mine for a moment and then released it with a shy smile on her face.

“I’ve never known anyone who was,” she stopped to clench, “into this.”

“Neither have I.”

“What should we do? Who goes first? I think I’m going to…” she clenched again. “No.” She let out a little giggle. “I think I’m shy.” She took her small shoulder bag and tossed it into the corner.

I put my hand on her waist and guided her with me to the shower, where we stepped in. It was one of those walk-ins with a large rainwater head and dark blue Mediterranean tiles. “Whenever you’re ready.” I added, “if this is OK with you. I’m sure the toilet doesn’t enjoy being ignored.” She looked up at me, and I felt her hands on my shoulders, pulling herself in tight.

“You’re not getting away.” She stepped in so close her thighs were surrounding my one leg, and she started rubbing her crotch on my leg. I reached around to cup her ample ass and pull her in even tighter, matching her movements to push my leg against hers. Her panties were soaked, and I let out a large leak into my already damp shorts.

Her face was on my shoulder, and I felt her moaning onto my chest while I embraced her, one arm encircling her waist as she ground herself against my leg. I thought my cock was going to burst open my shorts, and I wanted to free it, but even hard, I knew I was seconds from losing it and wetting myself. I felt her clutch me tighter as wetness spread around my leg, and I could feel her shuddering as a flood of liquid flowed from her.

“I…I’m sorry,” she choked out amidst gasps, “I’ve never…” and she paused amidst wracking spasms.

“Neither have I,” I whispered against the top of her head and then groaned as I also released my bladder. Urine flooded my shorts and her skirt, running down both of our legs to mingle with hers as we listened to our combined breathing and urine cascading to the floor and down the drain. Even when I was empty, I didn’t want to move; her warm body against mine and my skin wet and pressed against her. We stood like that for minutes, enjoying the shared feeling of our wetness until a loud voice from downstairs awoke my usual excessive sense of responsibility, reminding me I had a houseful of guests.

I pulled her to the side of the shower with the handles and started the warm water. Rain cascaded down from the enormous square head above, and while I waited for the perfect temperature, I started unbuttoning her blouse. “Usually, you’d have to buy me a drink before that,” she quipped, “but I suppose you already have.” She reached down and undid my belt and zipper and pulled off my shirt while I moved to the zipper of her skirt. Soon our clothes were in a wet pile at our feet.

The water was a comfortable temperature, and I admired her body up close, with her light brown areolas and nipples, and her tightly trimmed bush surrounding pouty lips. She had the stretch marks one gets after they’ve lost weight, and she seemed shy and tried to cover herself. I pulled her hand from her chest and kissed the palm, then held it against my cheek as I pulled her with me into the rain.

I pushed her thick black hair from her face and reached past her for the soap. Using my soapy hands to explore her body, I started with her feet and worked my way up, trying hard not to linger at her firm ass and inviting snatch. Meanwhile, she started soaping my shoulders and worked her way down, and we traded the soap back and forth in an efficient exercise in water conservation.

We were done, and I was going to turn off the water when Jen was standing in front of me, hands on my shoulders, and pulled me in close. I thought she wanted a hug, and I felt embarrassed about my three-quarter erection the whole time. Oddly, I didn’t want her to feel uncomfortable; but she wasn’t; she was pulling me in for a kiss.

It was tentative at first, then her tongue slipped past my lips, and I eagerly met hers with mine. My hands roamed her back and ass and hair, and I could feel myself rising to full mast as it bobbed and poked at her belly. “Sorry,” I mumbled past her lips.

“For what?” She whispered. “I’m flattered you think of me as something more than a pee buddy.”

“Mmmm, you have no idea…”

“Enlighten me,” she countered as her hand travelled down my body and came to grasp me gently with an appreciative murmur. “Do you know how to use that thing?”

“Oh, Jennifer…” I moaned, “I would love to, but I have a houseful of guests. And believe me when I tell you I would so much rather take my time with you, or I’d have done you in the shower.”

“Oh, would you?” she asked teasingly. “You seem pretty sure of yourself.”

“I’m sure I know what I want.”

“That makes two of us.”

“If you tell me it’s now or never, then I will have mysteriously disappeared on my guests at my party, and hopefully nothing bad happens. They’re adults; they’ll assume the truth. Otherwise, I’ll close the party soon and get your clothes in the washer, so you have them when you leave. In a few days.” I grinned at her. “I’ll bring you a big cup of water so you can load up again.”

She laughed, “Deal,” then added, “Laundry? Wow, must be serious.” I kissed her again for another minute and then reluctantly tore myself away and grabbed towels for both of us. Making our way back into the bedroom, I pulled another pair of shorts and a t-shirt from my suitcase.

“If you find something in my suitcase or that closet over there that you are comfortable wearing, then rejoin me downstairs; otherwise, I’ll try to get your clothes back to you as soon as possible.”

“No,” she feigned mock indignation, “I’ll just be your little secret hidden away, upstairs in your bedroom.” She stood in front of me and took my hands, placing them on her breasts. I couldn’t help but squeeze them in their perfection, her dusky little nipples swelling.

“If you only knew how hard it is to be a responsible adult right now.”

“I know. I appreciate your being like that. I’ll be alright.” She gave me a quick kiss. “Definitely bring me water. This bladder isn’t going to fill itself.”

“On it, ma’am,” I replied as I darted into the bathroom with a partially full basket to gather our wet clothes. I hurried back downstairs and into the party, where I found several guests politely waiting to leave, including Jeannie. There were the usual pleasantries, see you Sunday, all of that, and Jeannie asked if my guest was alright.

“New medication. Causes cramps, and the Vienna sausages didn’t go down well.” I shook the laundry basket. “She’s resting. I’ll get her clothes cleaned, and she’ll be out of here shortly.”

Jeannie nodded. “Of course. Christine and Karen, of course they assumed. Who wouldn’t?”

“Assumed what?” I tried to look as innocent as possible and surprised myself by not smirking. I didn’t really care about myself, but Jen had to live here, and she wasn’t any of their business.

“Excuse me, I forgot something.” She turned and made a beeline for Christine and Karen, and I darted through the kitchen to the laundry nook where I put the clothes in for a quick wash. It was only urine, easily cleaned. Back in the kitchen, I tidied up for a few minutes and unplugged the crock, combining the remaining food into Tupperware-ready groupings as the party would be winding down now. I glanced at the clock. It was ten. Yep, another successful shindig.

The minions were the first to leave, and Jeannie wished me well in taking care of Jennifer. I wondered if I was the only one she had introduced herself to as Jen? I went to the kitchen and drank a large cup of water.

A couple of others left, and I had a minute to take a big red solo cup of water upstairs. Jen was lying on the bed, covered in one of my plain white T-shirts, typing on her phone. My cock swelled full again remembering what was in that shirt as I handed her the cup.

“Do you need the address for the rescue? Or will GPS be sufficient?”

“What? Oh.” She laughed. “You are so sure I’m the one who might need rescuing. How cute.”

“You’re still OK? Clothes are an hour away from being ready.”

“Just give me another kiss, if your guests can survive another minute without you.” The kiss lasted several minutes.

“I assume your car is outside. Would you like me to pull it into the driveway?”

“So thoughtful.”

“No parking from 3 to 6 unless you think you’ll be out of here by then.”

“Keys are in my purse.” She used her eyes to point at her small shoulder bag now sitting on the dresser. “Green Kia Soul. I hope you’re OK with standard.”

“It’s been a while, but I’ll manage.” I gave her a quick kiss and disappeared back downstairs as a few more guests were queuing to leave. There were now fewer than ten, and they slowly drifted over as I packed up the coolers and cleaned up all the stray plates and napkins and red solo cups. I had put out markers so people would reuse their cups, but as always, cups outnumbered guests.

The food was in plastic containers in the fridge, and I offered some to people as they were leaving as I wouldn’t use much of it myself before I flew back to New Mexico. Hopefully, the cleaning crew would appreciate it. I walked out with the last guest and spotted Jen’s lone car out on the road. I started it without chugging and only ground the gears once as I drove it up the driveway and parked it alongside my rental.

I had forgotten about the laundry and placed the wet clothes in the dryer, setting it to low heat. I wasn’t sure how much her skirt or blouse would wrinkle, and I didn’t have an iron. It was a little after 11 when I was finally free and filled a large pitcher of water after checking to make sure everything was put away and cleaned up. I couldn’t climb the stairs fast enough.

She was asleep, phone in hand, sprawled on the bed. My eager cock was confused. I stood watching her for a moment, enchanted with her. Then, I made sure fresh towels were in the bathroom, and a complimentary toothbrush provided by Dr. Bill in case she wanted to brush her teeth. I left the lighting in the bathroom dim in case she needed to get up… then I chuckled to myself. Hopefully, she wouldn’t need the toilet.

I moved her gently to one side of the bed and pulled the covers out from under her and tucked her in, climbing in next to her. I was far too aroused to sleep, my raging hard-on tenting the covers even through my boxers. After a while of my mind racing through scenarios about the delicious Japanese woman next to me, I considered jerking myself off, when she stirred and sat up.

“Where...?” she sounded confused. She looked over and saw me. “Oh.” She smiled. “Hi.”

“Hi.”

“What time is it?” She looked around for her phone.

“Shortly before midnight. Your phone is charging over there. I had an extra cable.” She relaxed and smiled again. “I refilled your cup. That bladder won’t fill itself.”

“I like your idea of foreplay, Professor,” and she reached over and picked up her cup, downing the entire thing in one long go. Rivulets of water spilled out at the corners of her mouth and poured down onto the white t-shirt. She seemed pleased with herself. “I have to pee again,” she announced.

“How badly?”

“Not enough. Yet.” She pulled the cover from me and looked at my shorts and the tent they made. “But soon enough. I might need some encouragement.” She reached out to tug on the waistband. “How about you?”

“I’m getting there.” I reached over and pulled the T-shirt over her head.

“So forward!”

“Fortune favors the bold,” I whispered as I pushed her back with my torso covering her and started kissing her neck. I noted a faint smell of gardenias. She murmured appreciatively as I kissed and licked her neck, moving down to her shoulder where I sucked and playfully bit the area between that and her neck.

“Mmmm… you know you had me at hi,” she said in a faint voice. “That feels so good.”

“Good.” I gave one of her breasts a gentle squeeze and rolled her firm nipple between my thumb and finger. “How about that?”

“Better. Keep going.” I shifted my weight and placed my face over her perfectly sized breast, sucking it into my mouth. She giggled at that. I licked and sucked and gently nibbled on her nipple and continued to squeeze and tease the other one with my fingers. I could feel her arch her back a little and squirm with enjoyment. “Definitely better.”

I upped the stakes, and started kissing down her chest, and then her belly, light playful kisses meandering lower. She put her hand on my head to stroke my hair and started whispering, “No, no no…” I had heard of women who did not like receiving oral, whether because of a vulnerability issue of having deep feelings of shame, but after we had just pissed on each other I was a bit surprised.

“No?” I looked at her from between her thighs and over her mound.

“What? No! I mean yes!” She looked shocked. “Yes, for God’s sake, yes. It’s been many years. I’ll cum from the first touch.”

“I’ll be gentle.”

“I’m sure you will.” I threaded my arms under her knees and placed my hands on her hips to give myself leverage and hold her still if need be. She was already squirming in anticipation, so I had to exert subtle pressure as my face moved in. She still smelled of soap, but her natural odor was present, and I slipped my hand down to help part her lips as my tongue pierced her folds. I hadn’t even gotten to her clit, and her hand was already clutching my hair in a death grip.

Her fragrance had a musky base, but her taste was like pure sugar. I drilled my tongue into her pussy as far as I could, and I felt her stiffen and let out a little gasp. With my fingers, I continued to open her petals like a flower and found her hard little bud, yearning to come out. She gasped harder at this, and I had to use more pressure to keep her hips in check. Kissing and licking upwards, I did not immediately touch her clit in a deliberate act of denial. Circling her clit with my tongue, but not yet touching it, I listened to her moan in anticipation. She bucked a little, and I firmly held her and then placed my mouth over the hood and clit and covered it with my tongue as I sucked it all into my mouth.

A quick intake of breath came with a hiss from her as I felt her stiffen, her thighs rigid. She was breathing faster now and murmuring, “No no no,” which I took to mean “yes yes yes” and continued sucking her clit into my mouth and stroking it with my tongue. Her hand in my hair pulled my head closer to her crotch, and I felt her trembling before she relaxed. Her breathing slowed, her thighs softened, and she stopped pulling on my hair. She realized what she had done and let go.

“I warned you,” she shrugged. “Oh my God.” I just glanced at her over her belly and breasts and saw her looking at me with a mixture of bliss and admiration. I kept eye contact for a moment as I continued to suck and stroke her clit, before lowering my gaze and returning to concentrate on my joyful task.

Cunnilingus was one of life’s great pleasures, and I was always ready and eager to go down. It had been over five years, but I still knew my way around. I kept gentle pressure on the entire hood through suction, and lightly stroked her clit with my tongue, occasionally using my teeth as something to press against. My secret was to write the alphabet in cursive with the tip and then do it again and again.

Soon she tensed up, and I could feel her hands grasping at the bed sheet. She was not vocal or loud when she came, but her muscles contracted hard when she did, and I could feel her shuddering as waves of pleasure overtook her entire body. She relaxed soon after it was over and would murmur her approval and squirm a bit as she built up to another. It made me happy to get her off, and her pleasure only heightened my excitement.

My cramped and kneeling position exerted pressure on my bladder, and I realized I had to hold again when a small dribble of pee escaped. I wondered how she was doing.

Not long after I started, she stiffened and shuddered through her third orgasm, and I figured I could take a break. My mouth was cramping, and the tip of my tongue was numb. I gathered myself and crawled up her body, stopping to kiss her breasts and nipples and admire her tawny areolas before holding myself above her and giving her a long and passionate kiss. I was in the perfect position to lower my cock to her saturated pussy and slip it in, but instead, I lay next to her, and we both caught our breath, my cock flopping on her thigh and leaving little smears of pre-cum.

“Do you ever wet the bed?” she asked.

“Once,” came the simple answer. “I’m conditioned not to pee lying down, and I had to work hard at it.”

“I do.”

“Deliberately? Or genuine accidents?”

“Deliberately,” she stated. “I just don’t get up to go to the bathroom. I understand the body not wanting to when lying down, but if you do it enough, you get used to it. I’ve heard that you can train yourself to wet the bed, but that’s not something I’ve been able to do.” We lay in silence for a moment, and I stroked her breasts and played with her nipples. “You asked me Omorashi or Omutsu,” she said quietly, “and obviously I’m into Omo, but I do like Omutsu. I often wear grown-up diapers and hold until I pee myself.” She stopped for a moment. “I never thought that I would tell anyone.”

“I’m glad you did.” I leaned over to kiss her. “I’m sure you are even sexier in a diaper.”

“If I…,” she hesitated a moment, “If I wet myself, would you…?” She stopped. “I’m sorry.”

“Would I what? Sorry for what?” I raised myself up a little to stroke her hair and look down at her face. “Jen, don’t get weird about this now. I’m quite sure you can ask or tell me anything and I’m not going to have an issue with it.” I chuckled, “After all I’m trying to take my time making sweet sweet love to you and looking forward to us pissing ourselves again.”

“I’ve never talked about any of this with anyone, but when you put it like that…, OK,” she gathered herself and continued. “If I wet myself, would you change me? My diaper?

I dipped my head down to kiss her, and she enthusiastically responded. When we came back up for air I answered her, “I would be happy to. I can’t wait.” She looked pleased and cuddled in closer.

“How are you doing?” she asked. “Bladder check.”

“I’m holding. I can go anytime but I can still hold it. You might have noticed in addition to the pre-cum I am dribbling a little.” Her hand wiped at the random accumulation of fluids on her thigh.

“I thought I was going to lose it while you were licking me.”

“Oh? That would have been cool.”

“On your face?”

“We won’t know until we try, right? We’re both learning about ourselves and each other.” I stroked her cheek with my hand. “God, I want to fuck you.”

She pushed me away and sat up. “Too late. You had your chance, now it’s my turn.” I must have looked confused. She pushed me until I was on my back, facing up. Hovering over my cock, which was lying on my tummy and bobbing, she lifted her hips as she straddled me. She grasped it and positioned it at the entrance to her snatch and then lowered herself slowly onto it.

I looked into her eyes as she sank down on me and let out a groan at how tightly she gripped me. It had been a long time, and I wasn’t under any illusion I would last long. Her pubic bone was stimulating my bladder, and the urge to pee became much stronger, but I knew it would be more difficult, and I wasn’t in any danger of peeing in her. It was a very intense feeling. “That’s doing all kinds of things to my bladder,” I admitted, “Can you be any sexier?”

“Mine too. I want to go so bad, but it’s like my bladder is pressing against…. Somehow pressing against my pussy. Like I feel it in my clit. It doesn’t make sense.”

“Do you want to pee before continuing?” I wasn’t sure what she wanted to do. “You can pee here on me if you want to.”

“No, I’m not stopping, it feels too good, like I can’t stop.” She was grinding herself against me with my cock buried deeply in her. Her hips moved in a circular motion like she was doing the pee dance while I was in her. She alternated this with bouncing up and down a little, but the penetration was still deep, with a shallow stroke. The urge to pee was distracting from the usual sexual sensations and I reached my hand out to place my thumb on her clit to stroke it while she rode me.

She closed her eyes and threw her head back as she gyrated and bounced, her breathing increasing with her exertions. I felt mesmerized by her body as her wide hips moved over mine and her thighs hugged my waist. Her breasts were swaying, their caramel areolas and nipples inviting my touch.

“I can’t decide if I need to pee or cum,” I said, almost as an observation and speaking generally. “I’m not sure I can do either.”

“I think I’m going to do both.” She had her hands firmly on my chest to support herself, and her movements were becoming slower as she became tired. “This is so hard. My bladder, I think my G-spot, oh my god this feels so incredible it almost hurts.”

“I can relate.”

“Oh Tom, I can’t believe any of this is happening.” She adjusted her position and leaned her torso over me, so we were embracing. I couldn’t stroke her clit anymore, But I could put my arms around her and hold her as I thrust into her. I shifted her position to get a full length stroke and pumped my cock in and out of her as fast as I could, feeling my orgasm rise in me. I was going to cum before I peed.

She placed both hands at the sides of my face and stoked my hair while gazing in my eyes. “This is incredible,” she whispered, “you’re incredible.”

“Inspired, I am inspired.” I panted, my words wavering as my breathing staggered in response to my powerful thrusts. “I’m going to cum soon.” I grimaced as I felt the tightening in my balls; “Do you need me to...? Do you need me to pull out?”

“Don’t you dare. I’m good.” She lowered her face to kiss me. She was fiercely passionate, and our tongues sparred as the feeling in my loins grew stronger. I kept hammering at her and I could hear her whimpering “no, no, no,” as we kissed. She was pushing her hips back against me and meeting my thrusts while she was rapidly stroking my hair. She finally broke the kiss and put her head alongside mine, her breath coming in ragged gulps as she clung to me. I realized she was about to cum too.

I embraced her even more tightly as I thrust one last time into her and felt myself cresting the wave and losing control. My cock spasmed and pumped its first load deeply inside her as my fingers clutched her hips. I let out some guttural wordless cry as I pumped several more strong loads into her, and then many weaker ones until they subsided in a haze of sensation and elation.

Her whimpering had increased and from her taut muscles I realized she was cumming too. I continued to embrace her tightly and as she relaxed, I heard her laugh and then felt a powerful jet of liquid fill the space between our bellies, followed by another. She raised her torso and sat up, urine gushed from her in powerful spurts showering my belly and chest, and splashing me in the face. She was half laughing and half moaning as the torrent continued and subsided, leaving me drenched in her piss.

“Oh my God, oh my God,” she was murmuring under her breath, “Oh my God.” I reached up to stroke her face and she took my hand and kissed it, holding it against her. “Oh my God.” She mouthed to me.

“That was incredible,” I noted. “I have never felt anything like that, and you looked like you were…”

“Oh my God,” she said again as she lowered her chest back on to me, wetting her breasts and belly from the urine soaking me as I lay in a pool of her faintly yellow pee. “You throw one hell of a party.”

“The Vienna Sausages make all the difference.” I could feel my cock softening inside her, and with it the urge to pee had returned.

“Those little hot dogs?”

“My secret weapon.”

“You must need to pee.”

“Like my life depends on it.” I felt like I was going to burst, and I relaxed, hoping the stream would start, but nothing. “But I’m having that laying down issue.”

Her face, next to mine, was still glowing with post-coital bliss. “I was wondering if you were going to pee inside of me.” She blushed a little. “You can if you want to.”

“Maybe in a different position, but I’ll be too soft and out of you by then.”

She tried to pull me so I would roll on top of her, but that just caused my prick to flop out of her, which was going to happen soon, anyway. Once I realized what she was doing, I got up to at least a sitting position. It was while I had shifted to being on my knees that it happened. A powerful leak started, and out of habit I suppressed it and a squirt came out. Jen became excited and grabbed my cock. “Let me hold it, I’ve always wanted to do that.”

It's hard to describe, but I relaxed my muscles, even the ones that you don’t think about. I could feel the damn bursting while she watched my prick in her hand with fascination like it was going to perform a trick. “Be careful where you aim…” was all I got out before it hit. I finished with a cross between and “Unh!” and an “Ahhhh…” as first a large dribble came out, wetting her hand, and then the full stream shot out, hitting the headboard and pillows. She felt momentarily bewildered, and the stream snaked around as she tried to figure out what to do with it, until she settled for herself.

In ecstasy I watched her point my cock at her chest as my piss showered her perfect tits. She laughed at this with a childlike smile on her face and adjusted her aim, splashing herself in the face. Having regained control of the stream, she winced, opened her eyes, and aimed it again at her chest before lowering it to stream against her clit. Smiling, she licked her lips, tasting me. I could not imagine a more beautiful sight than this piss covered woman with childlike delight sharing my pee soaked bed.

I finished urinating, pumping out a few final squirts, and then I pushed her back, lowering myself onto her to kiss her wet lips. I smoothed her hair from her face, now dripping with urine, and we kissed passionately for a moment, her hand still clutching my now shriveled cock.

“Look at this mess,” I said as we caught our breath. “You’ve been a naughty girl.”

“I’m sorry daddy, but it’s not my fault.”

“Oh? And who are you going to blame for this?” We were both grinning at each other from inches away.

“It was the little hot dogs with barbeque sauce. They made me do it.”

“Fair enough.” I kissed her again and got up.

“Where are you going?” She held on to me. “I know you don’t need to go to the bathroom.”

“Oh, I guess I was just going to clean up.”

“Cleaning up?”

“Yeah. Pull the sheets, get some dry linens.”

She was practically beaming as she pulled me back onto her. “The bed is perfect the way we’ve made it.”

She was right.

