A Soiled Skiing Fantasy

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2024-01-13 06:16

Yet another story I thought would be one part that I’ll be splitting into two ^^; again I don’t intend to keep people waiting long for the second part but I hope you enjoy this first one regardless.

###

Gracie isn’t sure what she did in a past life to earn herself such bad karma, but clearly the universe hates her.

That’s the only possible reason she can think of for why she finds herself in a ski lodge bathroom frantically directing the hot air from the hand dryer into her snow pants, praying no one would walk in and ask her questions.

But perhaps we should back up a little bit.

Gracie had started the day rather excited. She’s not the most talented skier but she does enjoy the idea and the aesthetics of the winter sport. So when her friend Alice called her and invited her to join a small group of people heading to the slopes, Gracie jumped at the opportunity.

She already had her outfit picked out. She pulled her mousy brown hair into a low ponytail to fit under her goggles. She chose a long sleeve black shirt that practically climb to her skin on top, with similarly tight fitting gray leggings on bottom. She isn’t the curviest of women, so she greatly appreciated that the tight fit amplified her chest and ass more to give the appearance of a bigger size in the places where it counts. Her white ski jacket completed the look, her black snow pants could wait to be pulled on until she arrived at her destination since they were so bulky.

The only person she knew in the group was Alice and it seemed everyone else was far more experienced than Gracie. While that was somewhat intimidating, everyone was nice about it so she didn’t fixate. She was just glad she would get to play out her ski life fantasy in a small way while they were out. She let the others go on the first run without her, content to sip hot chocolate after hot chocolate in the chalet. For the second run though they insisted she get in on the true fun so she pulled on her thick snow pants and finally joined them. It was only after she got on the ski lift that she realized her bladder was feeling rather uncomfortable.

She silently cursed her lack of foresight. After chugging down so many drinks of course all that liquid had to go somewhere. But, she reasoned, even as she pressed her thighs quite closely together she was sure she could at least hold on until she made it to the bottom of the slope.

Under normal circumstances she would probably have been right. But as mentioned before the universe had other plans in mind for Gracie. Perhaps it was her white ski coat that made her so hard to see, maybe the man speeding towards her simply hadn’t been paying sufficient attention to where he was going. Regardless, the two collided halfway down the slope, tumbling together in a tangle of limbs for a moment before each sprawling out on the cold ground.

By some miracle neither one sustained any injuries other than getting the wind knocked out of them and some light bruising, but Gracie had suffered something else instead. As she sat up she became dimly aware of a slowly spreading heat at her crotch that soon began to spread out to her lap and ass. With great shame and mortification she abruptly realized she was pissing herself right there in front of everyone.

Her snow pants spared her the added affront of anyone realizing what had happened, but her friends mistook her shock at her loss of control for a sign of genuine injury and quickly slowed to try and check in. She shook her head at them in an indication she was fine, although her face had actually gone rather pale, and only once she forced herself back up to standing did they accept her dismissal and finish their runs.

As she stood on shaky legs she felt the heat rush downwards until soon her thighs and calves were encased in warmth, piss filling her snow boots and drenching her thick woolen socks as her bladder completely emptied itself. When her flow finally stopped she forced herself to look down and assess the damage, only to realize her snow pants showed no sign whatsoever of her transgression. She wasn’t so naive as to think her gray leggings would grant her the same mercy but for the moment she was safe, she just needed to think quickly.

*001*2024-01-13 21:44

Okay, I know I said two parts but inspiration struck and now I believe it will be three ^^; this one will cover more of the aftermath of the last entry and then the third will have desperation again

###

Gracie wasn’t surprised when she made it down to the bottom of the hill and everyone she came with was waiting anxiously for her there. They fretted over what looked like a terrible fall and their nervous glances didn’t quite go away even at her insistence she was fine.

“Are you sure you’re okay? You looked pretty pale up there. Maybe we should just go home,” Alice suggested in a worried tone as she looked her friend over.

For a moment Gracie was tempted, the sooner they returned home, the sooner she could change into clean clothes. But then it occurred to her that everyone would insist on removing their heavy gear like snow pants when that time came and she could not afford to do that at all.

”NO! I-I mean, no, no need Alice. I promise I’m fine and I don’t want to cut the day short over this. Let me just run to the bathroom and then we can get back to the fun,” she assured her friend.

Alice looked skeptical but finally conceded, which is what brings us back to poor Gracie in the bathroom, cursing the universe and hoping the dryer works as well on soiled leggings as it does on hands.

She’s not sure how long she stands there before deciding to check the remaining damage in the mirror. She does a check of all the restroom stalls and makes sure no one is walking into the restroom and then with a deep breath she braces herself, unbuttons her snow pants, and then shoves them down to the top of her snow boots before checking the mirror once more.

Immediately her face flushes red.

There is no question that she’s wet herself but more than that she hadn’t quite realized just how badly she had until this moment. There’s a large arc of darker fabric maybe the size of a soccer ball in her lap, most likely from when she was still sitting as her bladder erupted. A quick check of her butt reveals that in back the damage spreads almost all the way up to the waistband. Dark streams run down her thighs and calves, a thicker band running down the inner part of her legs where the main stream had cut its path, with little offshoots from the drops that deviated into their own little rivers.

It’s hard to tell if the dryer has helped at all but with the leggings exposed to the cool air of the bathroom and the warmth the snow pants had trapped escaping the moment Gracie had pulled them down, her leggings are quickly becoming cold. She’s about to reach for some paper towel when the sound of the bathroom door opening and a call of her name makes her jump and scramble to pull the snow pants back up.

“Gracie? Are you okay? You’ve been in here awhile,” Alice calls as she rounds her way into the restroom just as Gracie is finishing buttoning her snow pants back up.

”Oh! Y-yeah, totally fine, just you know taking the snow pants and stuff down was difficult so it took a little longer. I’m all set,” Gracie lies with a smile she hopes looks genuine.

It must work because Alice releases a sigh of relief with a nod before reaching out to grab Gracie’s hand and tug her along. “Okay good. Don’t scare me like that again! Let’s go back with the others,” she insists as Gracie can only tag along and try to calm her heart that’s still racing from nearly being caught.

When they return to the rest of the group they’re deep in discussion about something. As Gracie and Alice draw near it becomes clearer it’s about where to ski next. A few of the guys have discovered an unmarked trail through the mountain, likely longer, more difficult, but also more interesting than the straight shots down they’ve been riding on so far today. Gracie finds she can’t quite remember anyone’s names but one of the guys insists they should do it, while one of the girls argues it’s too risky since Gracie is a beginner.

“I can watch out for her. I used to be a ski instructor. If she doesn’t mind Alice can too,” another guy finally interrupts the argument to suggest.

Gracie doesn’t recall his name either but she wishes she did. He’s tall with black hair that curls ever so slightly into soft waves. He’s got brown eyes that are easy to get caught up in and if she weren’t standing in pissed in leggings she’s trying desperately to hide, Gracie may have tried to flirt with him.

”If Gracie’s okay with it I wouldn’t mind. It could be cool to try out a more adventurous path!” Alice chimes in.

The girl advocating to take a safer path sighs but finally turns to Gracie as she realizes she’s starting to get outnumbered.

“Well then, no reason for me to speak on your behalf. Are you comfortable doing an unmarked trail if Max and Alice look out for you while we do it?” she asks.

So Max is his name. Well, even if it’s hard to be confident in her current state, maybe it will be good for her to get some time with Max in a smaller group. Plus, the longer path will likely mean more time for her leggings to dry.

“I’m okay with that. It sounds fun!” Gracie agrees and the other guy who had initiated the argument whoops gleefully as the girl rolls her eyes.

“Don’t worry, we’ll take good care of you Gracie! And this path should be pretty deserted so no need to worry about jerks running you over,” Alice grins as she wraps an arm around Gracie’s shoulder and begins to lead her towards their skis and the ski lift.

As they head that direction, Gracie feels the first warnings of a filling bladder. It seems she hadn’t quite emptied all of that hot chocolate she chugged from her system. But she just spent so long in the bathroom there’s no way she can tell the others she needs to go again without raising questions. So she shoves the feeling down and allows herself to be guided forward. She can hold it this time, the last accident was surely just a fluke. The universe may be punishing her, but surely her karma isn’t THAT bad. Right?

*002*2024-01-14 01:28

Okay, part 3 and another to be continued. Not to bait and switch you all again. But these keep ending up far longer than I suspect! I’m not going to make guarantees about the next part being the last since my estimates clearly keep being wrong >.< (but hopefully for real the next one is)

I will warn you all that much like Gracie I am only a novice skier so I’m not sure if the logistics mentioned at the end are even possible but I want them to be for this story so bear with me and maybe suspend any disbelief.

###

“I can’t believe you got us lost!”

“We did not get lost! We just… made some unexpected detours.”

”Well then where’s the ski lodge genius?”

”It’s right down that road down there! We just have to follow that for… some time. Probably not long…”

Gracie barely registers the argument happening at the front of the group. She is far more concerned with the argument her bladder is having with her pride. It’s been over an hour since they got off the ski lift and made for the unmarked path and her body is not happy with her. Her bladder throbs angrily in her abdomen, constantly beating down on her urethra to try and get her to finally allow it relief. Her cold and clammy leggings are a harsh reminder of both the consequences for failure to control herself and of how easy it would be to just let it happen. It’s like the evidence of her last accident is a siren song to her bladder to request another one. Why continue to torture herself this way when she’s already wet herself once after all?

But Gracie refuses to give in. She’s still hanging on to the distant hope that her leggings will dry enough to no longer make her prior accident obvious before they leave. If she loses control again now there’s no way they’ll dry fast enough, especially since it’s unlikely anyone will feel like skiing much more after this impromptu odyssey. But just because she doesn’t want to give in doesn’t mean it isn’t tempting.

It’s incredibly difficult to ski with a full bladder and as her bladder gets more and more difficult to manage she finds herself falling more and more behind. True to their word, Max and Alice slow down accordingly to match Gracie’s pace, but their concerned glances don’t go unnoticed. Eventually, after a sharp contraction of her bladder makes Gracie visibly wince, Max finally seems to have enough and forces her to make a complete stop with Alice doing the same. The rest of the group moves on, eventually moving out of sight, as Alice and Max’s full and undivided attentions fall on Gracie.

”Okay, what’s going on? You’ve been slowing down for awhile now. Are you still injured from your fall earlier?” Max asks calmly, his amber eyes practically boring into Gracie’s as he meets them in a concerned gaze. It would probably be mesmerizing and make Gracie’s heart flutter if her heart weren’t already pounding from the effort and adrenaline of holding her bladder in check using will power alone.

”Oh my god do you think she has a concussion? Gracie do you have a concussion? Oh my god why didn’t we think of that sooner. We should’ve done concussion protocol on her! Do you have a flare gun in your backpack Max? Maybe we should signal for help. Gracie you’re in no condition to ski!” Alice rants as she clearly spirals into a series of worst case scenarios.

”I have a radio we could use to try and contact ski patrol but I really don’t think-“ Max starts only to be promptly interrupted.

”Great! We’ll call ski patrol! Just hand it to me and-“ Alice continues as Grace grows increasingly mortified by the entire exchange.

“I’m not injured I just have to pee!” she finally blurts out out of fear of Alice escalating things further.

Both Max and Alice bring their attention back to Gracie with a snap, a brief moment of silence descends as the other two process this new information and Gracie shifts uncomfortably under their scrutiny. To Gracie’s surprise, Max appears almost flustered, his cheeks going a bit pink as his eyes briefly glance down to her crotch before going elsewhere. Before Gracie can question it though Alice lets out a stunned laugh of relief that catches her attention instead.

”It’s not funny Alice!” Gracie protests.

”Right, right, sorry. You’re right. It’s just… geez Gracie you had me so worried! I was about to full on panic I didn’t realize you just needed to take a piss!” Alice giggles as she finally seems to come down from the hysterics she had threatened to teeter into when she thought her friend was hurt.

“Stop it Alice, I’m serious I really have to go,” Gracie whines, finally allowing herself to bring a hand down to squeeze her crotch and relieve some of the pressure on her poor aching urethra.

“Just squat somewhere,” Alice shrugs.

”Where?” Gracie shoots back as she gestures to the sparse trees around them that hardly provide any cover.

“We’ll turn around don’t worry,” Alice assures her but Gracie is having none of it.

“I’m not going to squat out in the open!”

Finally a very red faced Max clears his throat to grab the girls’ attention.

“W-well, we’re not that far from the main road if we hurry. If you guys are okay with it Gracie can ride on the back of my skis and Alice can carry the stuff down. Even if, erm, the, the lodge is too far there should be more shrubs and stuff like that down there for you to squat behind,” he suggests awkwardly.

“Fine, fine let’s do that,” Gracie agrees quickly as she scrambles to remove her skis. Alice looks far more amused by the desperation than she should but Gracie can’t exactly blame her when it seems to mostly stem from simple relief that it’s not a more life threatening issue Gracie is dealing with.

Soon all of the things have been handed over to Alice, including Gracie’s skis, and Gracie has latched herself onto Max’s back, her feet placed behind his on his skis. Ordinarily she would love to be pressed this close to such an attractive guy but in this moment all she can think about is how she can feel her bladder pressing against him and the extra pressure is not doing her any favors.

She spends the whole ride down focused on her bladder and maintaining the loose threads of control she still has. If she weren’t scared of falling off the back, she’d reach one of her hands down to hold herself. But with that option off the table all she can do is hang on to both Max and her bladder for dear life, praying that the brief leaks that keep escaping each time they hit a rocky patch or a bump aren’t an indication of more to come.

*003*2024-01-14 23:40

“We’re almost there Gracie,” Max calls to her reassuringly over the sound of them racing down the mountain but with each passing moment things grow more dire.

The only gauge Gracie really has for how much she has leaked is the fact she’s felt her crotch warm multiple times on their journey but has not yet felt her thighs grow warm. It’s not the most reassuring, especially since it has done nothing to ease the pressure in her abdomen, but she’ll take what she can get.

The moment Max slides them to a stop at the bottom of the mountain Gracie knows she won’t make it to the lodge. Instead she immediately shoves a hand into her snow pants and grips onto her damp crotch tightly, stumbling back off Max’s skis and hurrying across the thankfully deserted road towards where some trees and low shrubs will provide some modicum of coverage.

”Gracie wait!” Alice calls though, rushing to catch up to her and stop her before she can get any further than onto the opposite side of the street.

”What Alice? Please I told you I need to go,” Gracie whines as her eyes begin to water with the effort of holding. Alice winces and gives her a genuine sympathetic look but doesn’t let her go.

”I know Gracie but you have to take your snow pants off first. Trust me you don’t want to try squatting in them. It’s a recipe for accidentally soaking your clothes or losing your balance,” Alice explains and Gracie could cry but she doesn’t have time to argue with Alice so she simply nods at her.

”Can you get your own snow boots off?” Alice asks but Gracie frantically shakes her head no. The idea of bending over to untie her shoes sounds like torture and her thighs rub together at the very thought of it.

“Okay, that’s okay. Max get over here!” Alice calls out.

Gracie hadn’t even noticed that Max had been awkwardly watching from afar, his cheeks still flushed for a reason Gracie can’t discern. She suspects second hand embarrassment but there’s little capacity left in her brain for thoughts other than “I don’t want to wet myself again, I can’t wet myself again”.

”Max can you take Gracie’s boots and snow pants off for her while she holds onto me for balance?” Alice asks and both Gracie and Max’s eyes snap to her in shock.

“W-what? Why me?” Max stutters with a nervous look Gracie’s way before he quickly swings his gaze back to Alice.

”She and I are about the same height so she can grab onto my shoulder pretty easily which is more stable than her grabbing onto your arm since you’re taller. It’s just snow pants guys don’t make it weird,” Alice insists.

Gracie groans in embarrassment and desperation but she gets Alice’s point even if it is mortifying. She’s never felt more childish in her life as she grips on her friend’s shoulder with the hand not clutching tightly to her crotch and allows Max to squat down in front of her to work on her boots.

It feels like it takes forever with him having to pluck at the tight knot she’s tied in them before he can get them loose. To make things worse when he raises her leg to pull off the shoe itself it prevents her from rubbing her thighs together, making staying strong that much more difficult. But it’s only when Max’s hands move to the button of her snow pants that she recalls why she didn’t want to remove her snow pants in the first place.

”W-wait!! That’s enough! I’ll do the rest when I go to squat!” she insists, the frosty air hitting her damp socks and making them go cold even though Max and Alice had made sure to stand her on the asphalt instead of the snow.

“Don’t be ridiculous Gracie, you can’t run to behind a bush in just your socks,” Alice sighs.

”It’s fine! It’s not far!” Gracie insists but again Alice shakes her head.

”No way, you’ll get frostbite exposing your feet to the cold that long. Just let us finish helping you, we’re almost there now,” Alice insists.

Gracie gives her friend a pleading look but at the sympathetic gaze she gets in response she knows Alice won’t budge on this and even if she explains the true reason she doesn’t want to pull down her snow pants right now, she doubts Alice would consider it a worthy reason to risk frostbite. Admittedly she can already feel her toes getting more and more freezing even as she sits here debating with her friends who are completely unaware that her socks are already damp.

“Fine,” Gracie capitulates in a morose tone that Alice doesn’t understand.

Well doesn’t understand until a few moments later.

Max works quickly at least as he reaches forward to unbutton her snow pants with far steadier hands than Gracie’s would’ve been. When he grasps hold of the zipper he hears Gracie inhale sharply and feels something slightly damp against his knuckle but thinks nothing of it as he easily drags the zipper down. Then, with a quick word of warning, he puts his hands on either side of the waistband of Gracie’s pants and squats down to bring them down with him.

When Max looks forward he finds himself face to face with a slowly drying damp streak and as his eyes slowly travel higher it becomes very clear to him exactly what made them damp. His heart starts to beat faster as the smell of stale urine hits his nose being as close as he is, but when his eyes meet her crotch where it’s notably gotten wet again, he feels his own pants start to tighten.

Max quickly stands and steps away from Gracie, forgetting her snow pants at her ankles, with his own face quite red to give her some space as a quiet “oh” drops from Alice’s lips. Gracie for her part looks mortified, trembling where she stands from the cold and her still aching bladder. With all of her damp clothing now exposed to the cold air, shivers run through her body and make things that much more difficult for her shaky defenses to hold back the impending flood.

“Oh Gracie,” Alice begins and Gracie braces herself for ridicule.

”You didn’t have to pretend you still have to go if you already had an accident,” Alice finishes and it’s so much worse than the immediate teasing Gracie had expected as her cheeks blush bright red.

“Erm, Alice? I don’t think she’s pretending,” Max offers as his eyes fixate on a small stream that’s started to wind down one of Gracie’s legs, retracing the path of the previous stain as the poor girl leaks again.

”What do you mean? There’s no way she’s peed THAT much and still has to go,” Alice continues obliviously.

”Alice,” Max insists pointedly, trying to get it through the other woman’s head without embarrassing Gracie further by voicing the reality out loud.

”Wha, OH! Oh my god, Gracie did you piss yourself earlier today too?”

That final question seems to be what breaks the dam. It’s as if now that her secret is out, her bladder sees no reason to torture itself further. With an embarrassed sob Gracie loses control, piss gushing out of her and into her leggings once more as she soaks the already damp clothing. The stream is even more powerful this time and the spread of the stain is rapid. Soon urine puddles in her snow pants that still lay around her ankles before leaking onto the road and dripping towards the edge of the asphalt until it runs over to stain the white snow yellow as well.

Silence falls over the trio as they wait out Gracie’s accident. All three focused on poor Gracie’s failing bladder for very different reasons, although the lack of attention on him allows Max to carefully adjust himself within his pants. He knows the image before him will be burned into his mind’s eye to hopefully be revisited at a time when he has more privacy. After what feels like years but could actually be no more than a minute or two, Gracie’s stream finally dwindles and then ends entirely, her overextended bladder finally having gotten its relief and fully emptied itself.

For a moment no one moves, as if doing so will solidify the reality of what’s just occurred. It’s possible they would’ve stayed frozen that way forever if the wintry air hadn’t leached the warmth so quickly from Gracie’s wet clothes.

“C-can someone give me my boots please?” she asks trepidatiously, which seems to snap Alice and Max back into action.

”O-of course,” Max stutters as he takes the opportunity to turn around so he can adjust himself once more before grabbing up the shoes and bringing them back to her.

In the meantime Gracie pulls back up her snow pants, wincing as the urine that had pooled inside them goes cascading back down and out the leg holes as if in mockery. She’s zipped and buttoned them back up again by the time Max starts helping her back into her boots, and soon the evidence of her accident is hidden once again except for the puddle on the asphalt and the patch of yellowed snow.

”Let’s, erm, let’s start walking back to the lodge. Should be down this way,” Alice declares as she starts to lead them down the road back towards the chalet once more.

The walk back is long and awkward but eventually they do make it back. If the others notice the odd tension between the three, they don’t mention it. Only detecting something odd when they all start to remove their snow gear to go home and Gracie doesn’t follow suit.

”The zipper is jammed on them, it’s not worth trying to fix so she’s just going to wear them home,” Alice quickly cuts in the moment someone asks and the others quickly accept this explanation with a shrug or agreement that jammed zippers are a nuisance they’d procrastinate dealing with as well. Alice winks over at Gracie when the lie goes unquestioned and Gracie can only shoot her friend a grateful look in response.

When it comes time to pile into the car, a hand rests gently on Gracie’s shoulder as if trying not to spook her. When she turns it’s to find Max looking down at her with a sheepish and almost apologetic smile. He seems nervous which is beyond her but she’s just grateful he’s not making fun of her for what he saw earlier.

”Hey, erm, I know this wasn’t the best ski experience for you but… if you ever want to give it a shot and get some help I’d be willing to. Y-you know since I was a ski instructor and all,” he offers and Gracie feels her heart skip.

”That sounds really nice actually,” Gracie admits with a bit of wonder and surprise as Max nods before quickly getting into the car.

Her wet leggings still cling to her uncomfortably and it’s a long car ride back before she can change out of her soaked things, but, she supposes, things could have gone even worse. It’s not much, but for now she’ll take it.

###

And thus marks the actual end of this little story!! I intentionally left the possibility of Gracie and Max going skiing together open in case it’s something people are interested in or that I end up wanting to explore. I hope you all enjoyed this ^^

