It’s a Wet World After All

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2019-04-24 17:50

Catie has been excited for this trip to DisneyWorld for months. The semester had dragged on for ages but her boyfriend, Harry, had promised that the minute she got home for the summer he’d take her. They were high school sweethearts and even though their respective colleges weren’t too far apart and they still saw each other relatively often, long distance was hard. So Catie was excited.

She quickly got out of bed and showered humming Disney tunes the whole time. She got to her room and put on a pair of light blue panties and a white bra. Over that she put on a pair of jean shorts and a pink shirt. She finally finished the look with a pair of pink Mickey Mouse ears she’d purchased the last time she’d gone to Disney. Satisfied with how she looked she made her way downstairs where her parents were already eating breakfast.

Catie laughed when she noticed her father had made pancakes in the shape of Mickey Mouse. “In honor of your trip!” he told her chuckling. Catie graciously ate them and then washed it down with a glass of orange juice. “When is Harry picking you up?” her mother asked. Catie checked the clock. “He should be here in about fifteen minutes,” she said. “Do you want some coffee while you wait?” her mother offered. “Sure!”

Catie sipped on her coffee and chatted idly until she heard the doorbell ring. She then excitedly hopped up and raced to the door, opening it. On the other side stood Harry. He looked handsome in his jeans and tee shirt and seemed just as eager to see Catie as she was to see him. They hugged and briefly kissed after exchanging greetings before Catie let him into the house. “Hello Mr. and Mrs. Baker. How are you?” Harry asked. “We’re doing well sweetheart. Excited for your trip?” Catie’s mother responded. “Yes very!” he grinned.

Meanwhile Carrie quickly ran back upstairs to grab a drawstring bag before returning. “Ok I’m ready to go,” she announced upon returning to the kitchen. “Great. Nice seeing you Mr. and Mrs. Baker!” Harry said as he and Catie waved goodbye and went to get in Harry’s car.

The drive was relatively short and before they knew it they were parking the car. Catie felt the first stirrings of her bladder after all she’d had to drink during breakfast. She figured she would go while Harry waited in line to buy the tickets but he happily alerted her that he had already bought them online and so instead they made their way directly to the entry line. Catie forgot about her bladder entirely once they entered the park. Her eyes filled with wonder. She had been here many times before but each and every time filled her with immense joy all the same. “Let’s get on a rollercoaster first!” she exclaimed excitedly as she grabbed her boyfriend’s hand and eagerly started to pull him along in that direction. Harry laughed and fondly shook his head as he followed behind her.

They picked one of the rollercoasters with the smallest line although even that was long. Not that either of them was surprised, it was Disney during the summer. It took about an hour for them to finally get to the front and Catie once again felt a stir in her bladder. She thought nothing of it though and simply stepped into the car of the coaster next to Harry and strapped in. The rollercoaster took off at an intense speed, shaking, jostling, and jerking Catie, Harry, and the other passengers around. They all yelled out in delight as the coaster continued to rock them. However, after one particularly hard turn, Catie felt herself spurt a little bit into her panties. It startled her a little bit but a quick look down confirmed it wasn't nearly enough to show anything on her shorts.

When they get off the ride Catie was certainly more aware of her bladder. She wasn’t desperate but she certainly was no longer completely comfortable. “Hey Harry I’m going to run to the bathroom quickly,” she said. She left her things with Harry and then went over only to find a long line. She sighed and joined the line but after several minutes the line had barely moved and Catie gavebup. “I don’t really have to go anyway,” she reasoned as she abandoned the line and returned to Harry, who now had two drinks in hand.

“Hey! I figured you might be thirsty since it’s so hot out,” he said. Despite her misgivings, Carrie accepted it and took a large sip. He wasn’t wrong about it being hot out and despite her slowly filling bladder she was getting dehydrated. “So I thought we could do It’s a Small World next. It’s not too far from here and I’m not as adventurous as you. I need breaks between rollercoasters!” Harry said. Catie laughed but agreed anyway and the two walked to the aforementioned line. When they got there, a sign at the end of the line read “Wait two hours long from this point.” “That’s pretty long. We can go somewhere else if you want,” Harry offered. “No it’s alright! All of the lines are going to be long and you wanted to get on this one. I’m fine to wait,” Catie assured him.

So wait they did. The line trudged slowly along as the two talked and sipped their drinks to pass the time. Before she knew it, Catie had finished off her drink entirely so she tossed the now empty cup into one of the nearby trash cans. Shortly afterwards she was suddenly reminded of her bladder. The drink was just starting to trickle in to what had already been filling. Suddenly instead of just a distant tingling she was actively uncomfortable and her bladder was starting to feel heavy.

She started to run back through her day. She had had that glass of orange juice, the coffee, and now she had polished off the drink Jason gave her. That was quite a bit of liquid she had ingested without giving her bladder a chance to void it. She tried to refocus on her conversation with Harry as a distraction but her bladder’s nagging was consistent now. She pressed her thighs tighter together and prayed that would be enough to prevent her from having an accident.

For awhile that was enough but by the time they had stepped into the building where the ride was housed just pressing her legs together was no longer doing the trick. Harry seemed oblivious to her struggle, too wrapped up in telling her the story of his first time ever riding on It’s a Small World. Meanwhile Catie resorted to crossing her legs and trying not to bounce up and down. “I need to get to a bathroom now,” she thought but looking around there were none and they were way too far ahead in line for her to get out now. So all she could do was sit there and to try to contain the heavy weight in her abdomen. Only once she started squirming a little more earnestly did Harry notice. “Are you alright love?” he asked her, concern in his voice. “Yes I’m fine,” she responded putting as much false cheer into it as possible. Harry gave her a dubious look but dropped it. “She’ll tell me if it’s something really bad,” he thought.

They finally get to the point where they’re next in line and while that should be reassuring to Catie she almost cried when she remembered one key thing: It’s A Small World is a water ride. The sound of the water lapping against the sides of the track and the boats was torture on her poor bladder. “At least it will be easier to hold once I am seated,” she told herself. Harry let her into the boat first but stepping down required opening up her legs and Catie immediately felt herself lose a spurt into her panties. She quickly sat down after that and moved so she was seated in the corner before immediately crossing her legs. Harry once again shot her a concerned and suspicious glance but respected that she clearly didn’t want to talk about it. Instead of saying anything he simply stepped into the boat as well.

Soon they were off. The boat began to slowly make its way down the watery path and the signature song began to play. Harry delightedly looked around at the dancing puppets, trying to name each country they represent. Meanwhile, Catie was barely paying any attention at all to the ride. The sounds of the water around her felt louder than everything else. She couldn’t help but squirm in her seat as she tried to keep from flooding her shorts. “I forgot how fucking long this ride is!” she thought frantically. She felt herself spurt again and quickly jammed her hands into her crotch to stop another leak from forcing its way out, groaning as she did so.

This caught Harry’s attention. He turned to look at her then took in her trembling legs, twisted up together like a pretzel, her hands gripping her crotch as if her life depended on it, and the tension she was carrying in her lower body. He suspected he knew what the problem was. “Catie, what’s wrong?” he asked gently, trying to be quiet so the other riders in their boat wouldn’t hear. “I really have to pee. I’ve had to since awhile ago when we were in line,” she confessed with a trembling voice. Harry gave her a sympathetic look, “It’s alright you can do it. We’ll get you to the bathroom the second we get off this ride. Ok?” he soothed her. She nodded her head but wasn’t positive she would even last that long.

@@Catie’s squirming only got worse as the ride progressed. She could no longer sit still for even a moment, constantly wiggling and grinding down into the seat in a desperate attempt to hold it in. Her grip on her crotch had somehow gotten even tighter. Harry tried to be encouraging, every so often telling her that it was alright and she could make it. Catie appreciated the support but the longer the ride lasted the less she believed him. Soon it was the beginning of the end. She felt herself leak for a solid few seconds before she could stop it. “H...Harry it’s starting to come out,” she stuttered with a whimper. “It’s okay baby not too much longer. You can hold it, I know you can,” he tried to assure her. “I can’t though, I can’t,” she insisted. She started to tear up as she leaked a second time, this time for even longer. She was sure there must be a wet patch on her shorts by now. Finally the floodgates fully released. Catie released her crotch to bring her hands up to cover her face as she finally lost the battle against her bladder. Piss rushed out of her and the hissing noise of it exiting her strained urethra could just faintly be heard underneath the cheery music. Piss puddled in the seat before cascading down to the ground below as Catie soaked her jean shorts. Feeling absolutely helpless as his girlfriend completely lost control, Harry pet her hair and rubbed her back through it in an attempt to comfort her.

Eventually Catie’s flow stopped and tapered off. Harry could faintly hear her crying so he quickly tried to reassure his girlfriend. “Hey baby it’s ok. It’s ok. Here, look at me,” he said, gently pulling her hands away from her face and then his hand on her chin to make her look at him. His heart filled with sympathy for his poor embarrassed girlfriend as he looked at her tear stained face. “It’s ok, Catie. Accidents happen. It’s not a big deal,” he assured her. She nodded her head silently.

@@By the time the ride ended, Catie’s shorts had begun to get cold and clammy. Harry got out first then reached down to help her out as well. She couldn’t help but take a look back at the boat. Her face flamed red when she noticed how large the puddle both in the seat and on the floor was. “Hey don’t look at it, come on,” Harry told her, tugging her along. Quite a few of the people in line whispered and snickered when they saw the state of Catie’s shorts as she walked past but many more simply gave her sympathetic looks. Harry quickly ushered her away until they were clear of the building. “I’m sorry” Catie weakly offered. “Hey don’t be sorry. I tell you what, let’s go in one of the gift shops and see if we can buy you some new shorts to wear ok?” he told her, still speaking gently as if afraid to spook her. “Ok,” Catie quietly responded. “Everything’s going to be okay Catie,” Harry told her confidently with a smile as he began to pull her away towards the shops. A small smile appeared on Catie’s face. “How did I get so lucky?” she wondered. “I love you Harry,” she told him. “I love you too Catie.”

