Finding A Safe Bathroom (Furry Trans MtF omorashi/wetting)

Author: AlexandraFire

*000*2019-01-31 00:30

Something I wrote over the course of a few hours on my phone, based on a real day I had a few months ago. I know some people on here might enjoy it :3

###

{Note: this is based off some real experiences from recently, but not an exact retelling. I added some elements to make the story more fun.}

I woke up late. Again. I opened my eyes to see my alarm clock had been snoozed multiple times. I sat bolt upright, swearing to myself. I grabbed a towel and ran to the bathroom, turning on the shower. While internally swearing at myself, I washed my fur while trimming my maw to hide my more masculine features. As soon as I was done, I hopped out of the shower and began drying off and applying a rough but effective layer of foundation to further assert my femininity and ease my dysphoria and distress at my reflection.

As I stood in the mirror, trying hard not to look at my face too much, I did take a moment to look at my bare chest. I felt it, the budding curves. Barely an A cup, but enough to notice. Even though I was in a rush, I took a second to admire them. Although my chest fur was still a little thick, it was still there. I snapped out of it and ran to my room to struggle my way in to my outfit.

Fighting my way in to a white bra and pink panties, I turned on the morning news. Politics that upset me, news that was bad, some fluff piece that made me feel better about life, then a weather forecast of heavy rain for the whole day. By the time it was done, I was wearing a rose-colored t shirt with a light denim jacket, and a long black jean skirt, which covered my knee-high socks, and almost went down to the floor to hide my sneakers.

I ran out the door without so much as thinking about breakfast. Half way there, it struck me that I did not eat anything, even though I did not feel hungry. So, I compromised, stopping at a gas station along the way, and grabbing myself two large water bottles and the largest iced coffee they had. Then I made my way to school.

Before I even got in to class, the iced coffee and half a water bottle had been consumed. Over the course of the next hour and a half. I slowly drank the water bottle, occasionally answering open questions by the professor to ensure that class participation grade. It was just a review on the Hellenistic age, something I have gone over many times.

By the time class was finished, my bladder started to feel comfortably full. Not at all urgent, but enough it was on my mind. I then realized I had not gone before leaving for class, and not since the middle of the night. So, on my way out the building, I stopped at the gender-neutral restroom on this side of the building. Not wanting to risk any unnecessary conflict, being I was still not passing, nor legally female, I avoided using gendered bathrooms. However, when I knocked, I unfortunately found someone to be inside. I waited a few minutes, but it was clear they would be a while, so I had to leave. I had too much to do to wait around.

Walking outside, I noticed it had become an absolute downpour, drenching me in moments before I got back to my car, turning on the heat to dry off. Thinking it would be faster to use the highway to get to the mall plaza, so I could get my errands done. And as I pulled in to the highway, I realized my mistake.

Construction. So much construction. Every other road always had construction around me, and yet nothing got done. So, instead of taking a fast 15-minute drive to the mall, it was almost another hour of driving at a snail pace. Meanwhile, I finished off the second water bottle without considering my bladder, regretting it as I felt the need to go set in as I finally hit my exit.

It took another ten minutes navigating through crowded streets and the full parking lot of the mall before I could get out of my car and stand up, spending a minute to regain my composure before walking in to the department store. There were two restrooms near the entrance, but they were both gendered, and multi stalled. I was very tempted to use one, but I knew I would be putting myself in danger no matter which one I chose to use, so I moved on.

I made my way to the pharmacy inside the store, waiting in line behind a few other people, so I could get my prescription filled for my hormones. I was occasionally shifting my weight from foot to foot, hoping the skirt would keep my slight leg movements hidden from the others. It was, thankfully, a short wait, and soon I was up at the counter, the pharmacist giving me the usual uninterested, scripted dialogue, getting me my estrogen patches, and the testosterone blockers, the same two drugs that were allowing my chest to grow and my body to become feminine.

As I was walking away, I noticed something I had not seen before. There was a gender-neutral restroom near the pharmacy. I headed towards it, but another woman came around the corner and went in before I could reach it. She was holding one baby fur in her arm, dragging a young cub behind her, both diapered, likely in need of a change. They probably needed it more anyway, but I knew a diaper change would take quite a while, so I went off to do my grocery shopping.

As I checked various food items off my list, I became increasingly desperate, stopping occasionally to lean on my cart and shift my legs, trying to focus on the task at hand. Overhead, the muffled sound of heavy rain reminded me both of the rain outside and my now overfilled bladder.

I felt the constant pressure in my bladder, overfilled and begging me to release it. I had to keep holding it, I did not have any other choice. Finally, I got in line, waiting in the one long queue with ten other registers opened. I could not be mad at the cashier for taking so long. They were doing their best. It was the fault of the company for hiring the bare minimum and expecting one fur to do the work of ten.

But all I could think of was, if I do not get out of here soon, there is going to be a puddle at register one. I barely registered when it was my turn, slightly fidgeting as they scanned the food and bagged them up. The total was higher than I would like, but I swiped my card. But of course, it was a chip reader, which refused to read it after three insertions, so I had to swipe again anyway, holding up the line, and myself.

Finally. With my hormones and my groceries, I could go home. I loaded up my car hastily and peeled out of the lot a little faster than I would normally, being a safe and paranoid driver. But I needed to get home badly. The traffic was slow again, my drive home a constant struggle of shifting focus between holding my bladder and concentrating on the road.

A third of the way home, I stopped a little too hard because of a car that peeled out of a convenience store parking lot too fast with no indication. The sudden stop caused me to bend forward, pressing my body hard on my bladder, making me moan out loud, and whine as I felt myself leak. I stopped myself, but not before I felt a few drops leak out, the tip of my length poking up against a tiny wet spot.

I could not wait any longer. I had to go right now! I pulled in to the convenience store, parking a little crooked and jumping out of my car, speed walking through the door, right to the restrooms. To my absolute horror, they were, of course, gendered. I thought to myself for a second, and was about to enter the womens room, when the cashier called over from the counter.

"HEY! THAT IS THE WRONG BATHROOM!" This was it. The confrontation I was afraid of. I turned to see a huge, overweight bear behind the counter. He could easily make things violent, and since this was not a corporately owned store, he had no corporate code of politeness to fear.

I turned to face him. "B-but, I am a girl." I tried to keep my voice high and feminine, but it did not work.

"Oh, really? And what does it say on your license?"

"Okay, I will use the mens room."

"Bathroom is for customers only, SIR." That stung me more than I can possibly explain. With all the did you just assume my gender? jokes online, cis furs do not get how painful it is to be purposefully misidentified as a means to insult and demonize you.

"Okay, I will buy something when I am done, promise!"

He picked up the phone at the counter. "If you do not leave right now, I will call the cops on you! Get your queer ass the fuck out of my store right now!"

Afraid, I ran out the front door, and in to the car, shaking in a mix of panic and desperation, my keys jingling as I tried to start my car, pulling out of the store lot as fast as I could. My bladder was still overfilled, but the adrenaline placed the thought of getting far from that store as fast as possible on the top of my mind.

I made my way home, not wanting to even dare pull over at any stores any more. The only bathroom I knew was safe was the one at home. I was near bursting when I finally pulled in to my road, whining, squirming as much as my seat belt would let me, blinking away tears as the pressure overwhelmed me. I pulled in to the driveway quickly, a little crooked, and turned the car off.

I did not bother with the groceries. I did not bother with my medicine. I just grabbed my keys and ran through the pouring rain to the front door. I was squirming and whining in front of my door, trying to line up the key with the hole, when I felt my bladder give way, a slight stream of pee escaping from my length. I dropped my keys, and brought both hands to between my legs, grabbing myself through the thick jean skirt.

I tried hard to hold back, only stopping myself for a second, before my throbbing bladder forced out a quick stream with every pulse. I was so close. I could not give up. Not now. The warmth soaked through my skirt front a tiny bit, and finally, I gave in.

I let out a long sigh of relief, leaning against the railing by the door, letting my overfilled bladder drain out under me, soaking me and marking my scent on the concrete steps in front of the door. I moaned softly, small waves of pleasure going through me as I finally got the relief my body demanded of me. I leaned back a bit, sighing, fully relaxed.

It felt like an eternity before my flow finally stopped. I leaned back, letting the rain pour over me for a while, washing away my foundation, my primer, and my shame. It felt so good, to finally get the relief I deserved, the relief I had been denied all day, by my own fear, and by the culture of fear around me.

When I finally came to my senses, I went back to the car to grab my bags, heading inside. Once I had put away my groceries and taken another shower, I thought about leaving a few choice words online about that store, accompanied by a one-star review.

