Naked Yoga

Author: Ariose Toast

*000*2020-11-01 15:22

Yazmin leaned forward into a yoga pose, her nude body lean and toned as she voiced instructions to her class.

"Exhale as you lean forward . . . aand inhale as you come back up. One more time."

With one leg bent in front of her, and the other extended in the back, the young yoga instructor leaned into the pose again. Her large breasts pressed against her front leg as she stretched. She felt the stretch pushing up through her legs and hips, watching as her naked students imitated her. The movements put pressure on her front side, compressing her bladder, and making her feel the urge to pee.

Yazmin had felt the pressure building through class, and now an hour in it was getting hard to ignore. She had a big mug of tea right before class, plus the usual water to stay hydrated, and it was all catching up to her. It didn't help that the yoga poses repeatedly put pressure on her full bladder. Not to mention there's just something about being naked that makes you need to go.

It definitely made her students feel the need. As the class slipped into child's pose, Yazmin caught a pretty brunette in the back getting up and discreetly making her way to the door. Her steps were short and tense, and she held her arm nervously.

The bathroom was right outside off the hall, so even through the closed door Yazmin could faintly hear the girl's stream splashing into the water. Her own bladder trembled at the sound, which seemed like it went on for at least a full minute. The girl soon returned to class, looking much more loose and relaxed (if not a bit embarrassed) as she returned to her spot.

Yazmin soon took to walking around the class, supposedly to help her students, but mainly because moving around helped her control the urge. Only a few minutes later, Yazmin noticed a blonde girl in the front who looked like she was struggling with a pose. Yazmin was going to go over to help when the blonde quickly got up and speed walked to the door. Yazmin swore she saw what could have been a drop of pee dribbling down the girls leg. But, no, it must have just been sweat, right? But as she passed by where the girl had been sitting, Yazmin noticed a small wet spot on the empty mat.

In her rush, the blonde girl had forgotten to close the studio door on her way out, so Yazmin could very clearly hear the bathroom door slam and what sounded like a very strong stream hitting the bowl.

Yazmin's bladder spasmed again, and she felt a drop of pee slowly running down her inner thigh, dribbling onto the floor as she returned to her yoga mat in the front. She looked up at the clock. Only 15 minutes left. Not long at all, but still an eternity for a bursting bladder.

If only she could excuse herself without making it obvious. She could never embarrass herself like that.

Well, maybe not never . . .more often than she'd like to admit, Yazmin reached the point where she just couldn't hold it until the end of class. She always made some excuse about how it was important to listen to your body as she awkwardly left the room. Which was true, really. But if she followed her own advice she would probably pee more often and spend less time desperately holding it until the end of class.

And here she was again, trying to act normal in front of her students as she struggled to hold back the flood inside of her. Yazmin tried to focus on leading the class, but she spent most of the last 10 minutes trying to come up with a way to end class early and run to the bathroom without being obvious.

###

Yazmin sat up into a cross legged pose one last time. By now, her legs were shaking and she had definitely leaked into the mat, though she didn't dare to check how much damage she had done. She gently dismissed her class, hoping that no one would notice the drops now regularly leaking from her urethra.

The class took an agonizingly long time to pack up and go, leaving Yazmin to sit there in torture. Finally the last girl left the room, closing the door behind her. Yazmin bent forward, pushing her hands into her bare crotch, finally able to squirm as much as she wanted. She could feel the wetness with her hands, and when she dared look down the wet spot on her mat was easily the size of her palm.

She blushed, thinking there was no way someone hadn't noticed. Sitting there with the whole class watching, trying to act normal as she silently lost control over her most basic bodily functions. The idea actually turned her on a bit, and all the attention down there made her pussy ache with arousal. Before she knew it, her left hand slowly made its way up to her breast, grabbing it and teasing her nipple.

Yazmin took a deep breath, feeling Athe arousal coursed through her body. Her muscles began to relax, and a stream escaped from her. She struggled to regain control, losing a few more spurts before finally stopping the stream

Even though she had lost a decent volume, getting a taste of relief only seemed to make her need worse. She could still feel the warm piss spreading beneath her ass and thighs as she continued to bounce on the mat.

She needed a toilet so bad, but she was so horny at the same time. Yazmin laid back on her mat, inserting two fingers into herself, rubbing in and out as her breathing became more ragged.

Yazmin was so turned on it took her no time at all to cum hard, trying to suppress her moans in case anyone was still in the next room over. Still in her state of bliss, her bladder gave in, pumping out the rest of its contents onto the floor.

She laid there for a second, trying to gather both her breath and her thoughts. Her bladder finally empty and her desires taken care of, Yazmin felt incredibly relaxed.

She didn't know what to think really. Her body felt great after such a spontaneous cum. But she sure made a mess all over her yoga mat.

