My collection of Naruto omorashi

Author: ArgonCaptor

*000*2016-08-08 20:32

This is my collection of omorashi connected to the anime Naruto/Naruto Shippuden

*002*2016-08-08 21:53

Tobi's Accident

###

Tobi was given an mission beside Deidara ofcourse. It was early in ther morning, for Tobi this wasn't unusual, but to day he had overslept so he had to hurry, Because of this he didn't eat breakfast nor use the restroom he just ran to Deidara. "Deidei-senpaai!" He yelled running to the blond artist"Tobi is sorry for running late for the mission" he said panting.

Deidara glared at him"better not run late again, un!" He said then made a clay bird so they could get going, Tobi soon got up on the bird looking at deidara who soon got up afterwards, the bird flied away with both towards the mission.

Tobi started feel uncomfortable down there as he shivered a bit, but he would not tell deidara about it knowing he would only be angry with him."Deidei-senpai? What is the mission again?" He asked. Deidara turned to him annoyed"We are looking for tailed beasts, it is the 3-tails! Un" he said

Tobi nodded shaking a bit more he felt his bladder so he curled up "Deidei-senpai how far is it?" He asked looking at the blond artist, Deidara glared"a few miles, un" he said coldly he was annoyed by his childish partner. Tobi just nodded

### timeskip ###

Tobi was really full now as they had landed on the ground he was shaking and whimpering making weird movements, then the tailed beast showed up and deidara was ready to fight it. "Senpaaai!!! Tobi needs to pee! Really badly!!!" He yelled at deidara. Deidara growled"shut up, un! We need to finish the mission!" He growled at him.

Tobi whined pressing his legs together, he needed to pee so badly"b-but tobi needs to pee!"he cried out like a small child there he was holding his hands between his legs. "You can hold it tobi we need to finish this,un" Deidara said aggressively as he started attack the tailed beast. Tobi whined and regained some control on his bladder again then watched deidara fight.

Deidara snorted getting low on chakra "CAN YOU FIGHT, UN!?" He asked aggressively. Tobi jumped around whining"Tobi needs to pee, Tobi can't!!" He jumped around shaking as he doubled over feeling a jet of urine dampening his boxers"TOBI NEEDS TO PEE" he said whimpe-yelling. Deidara hissed" You have to hold it until we are done!" Deidara said in annoyance towards him then got smacked down into the ground by the tailed beast. Tobi hissed and tried fight but his bladder squeezed out even more urine into hi s pants and boxers leaving a wet patch on his front, causing tobi to freak out.

Deidara growled and got up throwing the net at the tailed beast angry as all hell as he wanted to blow up the beast.Tobi tried unleash some of his jutsus but he was so desperate to pee now"Tobi....can't do this tobi is about to pee himself..Tobi needs to pee!" He begged deidara to be allowed to go. Deidara yelled at him"you can pee afterwards! Just finish this!" then went to fight the beast. Tobi whimpered feeling the urine gush out of him he couldn't hold it anymore as he fall to his knees his pants completely soaked as he sat on his knees in a puddle of pee "Tobi couldn't..hold it...Tobi is sorry!" He cried out whimpering.

Deidara turned to him seeing how embarassed the other male was by only reading his body language"No...Tobi that is my fault, I didn't mean to push you this hard...I didn't expect you had to go this bad" he said sadly and went over to tobi hugging him. Tobi cried out to him sobbing. Deidara started rub down his back"I'm sorry for making you go through this, you can have my spare clothes" he said and took out his bag giving it to tobi as tobi ran off to change, before he came back and they made it back to their base.

*003*2016-08-09 07:41

I will mainly write male omo but if requested I might write a female one too

*004*2016-08-11 23:54

A few drinks to much

...PainxKonan

###

Pain sighed as he sat in his chair, he needed to pee yes, but he would never use the bathrooom infront of the other akatsuki members. He sighed then looked towards the clock, he felt like bursting but he knew he could hold himself more than this. He then felt thirsty, taking a few sips from the cup as he whined crossing and uncrossing his legs, he had to go, but again that would be a shame.

Konan walked into him"Pain-sama what are you fidgetting for?" She asked the orange haired male. Though she knew exactly what was wrong.

Pain hissed"none of your concern!" He yelled whimpering even more as he squirmed crossing his legs again shivering then gripped the chair scowling due to the pain of his bladder. The male tortured himself now, tears starting to show up in his eyes.

Konan looked at him "Pain...do you need to pee?" She asked looking at the teary eyed male as she stroke his hair trying to comfort him.

Pain sniffled and crossed his legs tighter tears running down his cheek while whimpering"y-yes, I do konan...i-if I try get up...I will have an accident" he sniffled then felt a jet of urine dampening his pants leaving him to freak out before regaining control again. his face red and sweaty due to his struggle as he looked at konan

Konan looked at him and tried pick him up"Pain...you can do it" she said motherly, for her all the members of akatsuki were her children, she felt like a mother for them.

Pain squeaked as another jet of urine squirted out of his semi hard member"K-Konan!! I-I wont make it, it hurts!" He sobbed now breaking his rule about not grabbing himself, he put two hand between his legs squeezing his swollen member, his bladder was rock hard.

Konan tried move him anyway hoping she would suceed, she didn't want pain to have an accident, but as of the situation now she was almost sure he wouldn't be able hold it until they reached the bathroom

Pain squirmed and moaned out of pain due to his swollen bladder as another jet escaped leaving awet spot on his fron"K-Konan p-put me down, I am about pissing myself!"he cried out to the blue hair female he was in so much pain and agony due to his bladder.

Konan nodded and put down pain then removed his coat and pants so only his boxers were to be pissed in she didnt want it to be so obvious for the others.

Pain sobbed as he fall to his knees "i-i cant" he screamed as he felt his bladder emptying itself, he moaned out in relief such relief he had never been this desperate before, urine gushed out from his member a stream on full force, it soon went slower as he sat in a big puddle of pee he had been holding himself since the morning last day"aah..." he moaned out

Konan walked over to pain "come lets get you cleaned up pain-sama" she said and limped the male up "you really had to go didnt you?" She asked

Pain nodded now starting to cry out of exchaustion and embarassment he had peed himself infront of konan"I-I'm..sorry...konan!" He cried out

Konan just pulled him into a hug rubbing down his back before she put him in the bathroom to clean of himself, then got cleaning supplies and cleaned the floor.

//poor pain

*006*2016-10-19 16:06

Thanks sorry I havent updated lately

*007*2016-10-19 17:01

Too much for Deidara

Deidara awoke as he got up rubbing his eyes, he was supposed to be with Sasori today. The blond male sighed, he really liked sasori. For some reason he felt better around Sasori because he was more calm than Tobi, but still his favorite would be Itachi.

He used around an hour to get ready leaving sasori to bang on the door. Deidara jumped "I-I'm coming Sasori-danna!" He yelped rushing out to the puppeteer.

Sasori groaned"you use longer time than konan who is the girl here!" He scolded the blond artist who bowed his head in embarrassment. Not wanting to make sasori wait more he didn't ask to use the bathroom even his bladder was full, he deicided to wait.

This would be a bad decision.

Sasori pulled deidara with to do their job, leaving Deidara to whimper. He needed to pee and his bladder kept reminding him that it needed relief. "S-Sasori-danna" deidara whimpered out, Sasori growled"You already was late don't even ask for break already!" He glared intense at dei who just nodded. He did not want the puppeteer mad so he had to wait squirming and shifting. "S-Sasori-danna what is the mission?" He asked pressing his thighs together, hoping for his pride that sasori didn't notice. Sasori groaned"to get supplies for the base!" He explained in a strict way.

Half hour later

###

Deidara was now on verge of tears because he had to pee so badly "S-Sasori-Danna" he whined seeing the puppeteer in a distance away from himself then felt urine press onto his flood gates making him double over as he squirted into his underwear, 'Oh, god' Deidara thought grabbing himself his legs was shaking and he knew he had to pee soon or he would wet himself. Sasori hissed"What in world is so IMPORTANT to talk about" he stared straight at the blond."What are you doing over there!"

Deidara clenched his dick through his clothes,yet his patner's anger made him lose control for a shirt while leaving a wet patch on his pants. He squirmed even more"I-I n-need to pee, really really badly I-I am sorry Sasori-Danna!" The blond squirmed even more"O-Oh god, O-Oh god" Deidara sniffled his sweat was running leaving his face red.

Sasori gasped"Why didn't you say so!?" He rushed over to his partner. Seeing his bladder bulge sasori gasped.

"I-I tried!" Deidara said as he felt a stream go down his leg panicking alot" I-I'm about to burst!" He was in pain and agony before sasori took off deidara's coat wrapping his left arm around the blond. Deidara squeaked"S-Sasori-Danna what are you doing I need to hold it!" He said desperately, but sasori shook his head pushing onto Deidara's bladder. Deidara screamed as he pushed his legs together " I am gonna go!" The blond said in panic as more streams came out from the blonde's crotch while sasori kept pushing"Let it out Deidara, this is not good for your health!" Sasori scolded.

Deidara started cry when his flood gates opened for full, he peed for atleast three minutes before needing to be held up of sasori he panted and cried at same time.

"I am sorry Deidara but you can not do that" Sasori said holding the crying mess of a ninja close

"Don't tell anyone" deidara said crying, Sasori nodded"Do not worry I will take it to the grave"

*008*2016-12-06 16:36

Itachi's Desperate Morning

The sun rose in the horizont, and lighted up the uchihas room. He blinked awake groaning "Is it morning already?" he asked himself, before going back to sleep. It would not take long before he jolted awake, his bladder already bothering him. he felt sick and didn't want to get up, he was shaking alot under the covers. as when he started to get up from bed, don't you think his suffer went back and made him clench his chest and crotch. he coughed as he jumped out from bed.

He was coughing so much yet he had to pee so much, he rocked back and forth trying to keep control. his bladder pressed onto his floodgates while he was coughing extremely hard. a jet of urine went down his leg, causing Itachi to squeak "Please no...this is embarassing!" he yelled at himself before kisame crashed in the door seeing the uchiha male whimper and squirm, he went over "Itachi...do you really need to pee this bad already!?" he kinda scolded his partner " what a shame, your body is weak". Itachi growled and pressed his thighs together.

"K-Kisame please, help me...I -I can not move much more!" he sobbed he was already in pain from before. Kisame sighed and picked up itachi"You better not piss on me Itachi!" he yelled causing itachi to pee a little bit more"K-Kisame, if you keep yelling at me, I will!" he said to his shark like friend. Kisame sighed knowing at this rate he would already get pissed on"Itachi...its no use you can only hold yourself for 2 hours at maximum and god knows how long you have needed to" he said sighing. Itahi whimpered feeling a much bigger jet go down his legs, luckily he only had his underwear on, sobbingas he felt the pee gush out of him pissing on Kisame by accident he just hid his embarassed face to Kisame"I am...Sorry" he whimpered. now that both him and kisame was soaked in pee he couldnt face the shark man, who just took him to the shower showering with the uchiha since they were the only ones awake.

