The assistants of Katherine Andrews: Laura's long day

Author: Apan

*000*2022-09-03 21:08

Right, time to make amends, dig through the personal archives and put to rest some unfinished business. Old-time readers may remember that years ago there was this epic (and by the time of my own endeavour still unfinished) fiction of one Katherine Andrews who had made a habit out of hiring gorgeous young women for assistants at her company, only to explore the thrills of getting them desperate whenever the occasion arose. The original thread, not courtesy of myself, featured one Danielle about whom you can read via the first link below.

One particular exposition about her predecessors sparked my imagination and way back when I posted two stories but for whatever reason I neglected to release the third one. Reading through it once again all this time later, I've decided it's only fair to get it out there to complete the trilogy. With the benefit of hindsight, I would probably employ different wordings here and there had I written it today, but I decided not to tamper with it and will post it as it was.

For context, here are the previous threads, the first one referring to the story on which all of these are based:

Laura's first day

Hannah and the business presentation

With that out of the way, let me talk you through Laura's other fateful day.

Part 1

Laura arrived at her job as usual just before 8 AM. She rode the elevator up to the top floor of the Andrews Corporation where she had been employed just about five weeks ago as Ms. Andrew's assistant. She was replacing Hannah, a blonde girl who had quit her job as the assistant after just two weeks for some reason, but being the polite and well-mannered young girl, Laura didn't want to enquire too much in other people's pasts. It wasn't her business and shouldn't be of her interest.

The elevator ground to a halt as it arrived at the office floor and Laura stepped out. She greeted the security guard sitting right outside the door leading into her and her boss's office department.

"Morning, ma'am", he casually greeted her from behind his desk as Laura blipped her ID card through the card reader, letting her in through the door.

"Good morning!" she replied to the guard as she passed through. She had fallen very well into her role as part of the company and by now she knew exactly the chores of the day. This was quite an ordinary day; she would spend the morning booking meetings as usual and working on a couple of presentations, then in the afternoon she would attend a board meeting with selected people of the company staff. The meeting was actually a rather important one as they would draw up the company guidelines for the upcoming six months and there was a lot happening in their business at the moment. She would also have an early lunch out on the town with Katherine at a restaurant of her boss's choosing, where they would prepare the meeting and Katherine would also talk a bit about Laura's future in the company. She was really excited about what her boss would have to say about that.

Laura had proven herself to be quite a workhorse and it hadn't taken long for Katherine to appreciate Laura's strong work ethic. Katherine knew by now that she could easily rely on Laura to take care of the more mundane administrative tasks behind her back so that she herself could concentrate on being the head of the company. There had been a couple of bumps in the road, particularly during Laura's first day at work, but she had settled down into her role just fine.

"Good morning, Miss Andrews", Laura said as she entered her office besides Katherine's

"Good morning, Laura", Katherine replied with a deadpan expression. Laura actually appreciated Katherine's stern manners, not relying on shallow gleefulness but rather being straight to the point in her interactions. Katherine in turn appreciated Laura's humble discipline, knowing her well enough to trust her to get right to work with her tasks for the day. She was really impressed with Laura's achievements during her stint at the company.

###

Well inside her office, Laura put aside her business jacket. Katherine glanced at her pretty assistant from inside her office. Laura was wearing a sexy, big-collared red satin blouse, unbuttoned and wide open at the neck revealing a gold necklace against her fair and smooth skin, a tight grey pencil skirt reaching down just below her knees and black pantyhose underneath. She couldn't help getting a bit turned on at the mere sight of this lovely young girl and she had indeed made some subtle efforts to subject Laura to desperation during the last few weeks. Laura was equipped with quite a large bladder though, and despite Katherine's efforts to keep her from a restroom, Laura had always managed to make it until she could safely land onto the toilet seat at last.

Apart from Laura's first day, when she was trapped in Katherine's company car on the way from an excruciating meeting and eventually soaked herself and the car with a spectacular amount of pent up urine, Katherine hadn't managed to set up Laura for a wet ending to her previous desperations. In all honesty, Katherine did have at least some qualms against manipulating her new assistant since Laura had proven to be such a good co-worker, so she didn't want to push things too far so as to risk exposing her manipulative perversions.

But as of now, Katherine felt that enough water had run under the bridge since that incident in the car a few weeks ago and had secretly decided to take some calculated measures to set up Laura for an interesting day. With her enormous bladder capacity, there was potential for a really grand outcome given the vast amount of urine she could contain before the breaking point. One such measure was already established and would manifest itself at around 10:50 AM, when they would have their morning break.

By 8:15 Laura was already on the phone with a potential business partner, setting up a future meeting. She had a glass of water on her desk on which she frequently sipped to moisten her throat. She had a habit of consuming quite a lot of water during her telephone bookings due to all the talking and today was no exception. After about half an hour she had already consumed two full glasses, constantly refilling from a big water bottle. Katherine smirked at the prospects.

"I think we can reschedule and squeeze you in on the... 2nd of June, perhaps? Would that work out for you?" Laura was doing away with her scheduled bookings one by one and the morning almost flied by unnoticeably. By 10:00 she was starting to feel a bit desperate, having consumed no less than five glasses of water, all in addition to the large mug of coffee she had had for breakfast only after relieving herself at home just after getting up from bed. She shifted in her seat, mildly rubbing her knees back and forth together. She would definitely have to make a stop at the bathroom when the break came up.

Approaching break time, Laura put down the phone on the last of the clients on her booking list and glanced at the clock on the wall, seeing that it was just about 15 minutes until her first break. She was already quite desperate and couldn't help moving her right leg back and forth while twisting her ankle around. She went through her bookings and started organizing them on her computer, estimating it to take just about the time it was left until her break. She tried to sit still but her bladder kept sending signals to her brain that it wanted to be emptied soon.

###

At 10:50 she had gone through all the bookings in the calendar and sent out invitations by mail to all the clients. It was finally break time and she immediately stood up and walked out of her office. As she approached the toilet out in the hall she heard Katherine calling on her from inside her office.

"Laura! I see that you're on your way to your break. I just need to tell you that our restroom up here is temporarily out of order, if you were thinking about using it!"

Laura stopped in the hallway and turned toward the door opening into her boss's office.

"Oh... okay... thanks for letting me know. What is wrong with it?"

"The flushing mechanism is broken. There will be a plumber here by lunch to fix it, they said it will probably be up and running during the afternoon." Katherine returned. She couldn't help but crack a smile as she informed Laura of the temporary inconvenience, but since Laura was listening from around the corner, she could get away with it.

"Okay, thanks Miss Andrews"

Laura didn't want to give away her need if she didn't have to but she went straight back to her office to collect her ID card so that she could get out and take the elevator down to the lobby and use the restroom there. After retrieving her card she marched out through the hallway, through the door and further onward to the elevator. As she waited for the elevator she had time to reflect about her need. She was quite desperate already but still manageable, she didn't have to make a show of it and openly hold herself or something. She stood upright and casually with her arms folded and no one who watched her would suspect a thing regarding her urinary status.

The elevator arrived, she stepped in and proceeded to descend to the ground floor. Well at the bottom, she stepped out into the corridor leading to the lobby. She walked with determined steps towards the lobby and further onward towards the bathrooms located in another hallway on the other side. As Laura entered the hallway she noticed that the door to the bathroom was open and heard a thumping noise and what sounded like splashing water.

*001*2022-09-08 17:09

Part 2

As she turned to enter through the door, she stopped right in the opening and stared wide-eyed at the cleaner, who was in the process of mopping the bathroom.

"Oh... I... I didn't realise... sorry!"

"No worries, ma'am", the cleaner said back to her. "But I'm afraid you will have to wait a while if you wanna use this one. I've only just begun cleaning up this mess."

"Oh, alright... How long do you think you will be?"

"About fifteen minutes or so," he replied and began mopping the floor around him.

"Oh, I see" Laura said, "Thanks anyway."

She turned around and went back to the lobby. Now, she had to find another toilet, but she wasn't sure of where to find it; she still wasn't very familiar with the building and the only other bathrooms she knew of were on the tenth floor, where all the sales representatives’ offices were housed. She returned to the elevator to take a ride back up and use those bathrooms. This detour had already cost her about five minutes and she had no intention of being late for her next pass. Worst case scenario, she would have to hold it until lunchtime, something she knew she could do, but rather wouldn't if she could avoid it. If she was desperate now, she would be close to bursting by 12:00 and have a hard time concentrating on her tasks.

She rode up to the tenth floor, got out, and marched through the main lobby. As she reached the glass door leading to the corridor where she knew the bathrooms were, she produced her ID card and blipped it through the terminal. The light flashed red so she tried again - same thing. It seemed like she didn't have access on that floor. She peeked through the glass and tried to spot anyone who might be passing, looking for someone who could let her in, but there was no one out in the corridor at the moment. Besides, if she didn't have access through her card, it meant she shouldn't be there on her own anyway. When she thought about it, she realized that she had only been on this floor in the company of someone else who supposedly had access.

Laura turned around and scanned the lobby area for a potential toilet, but apart from the elevator, there were no doors leading anywhere on this side of the restricted area. She cursed to herself and realized she only had a couple of minutes before she had to be back, so she went back to the elevator. Luckily she only had to ride past two more floors, so she arrived in her office well within margin, just in time for her next round. She was desperate, but she knew she could handle it until lunch, so she wasn't too worried. She had handled worse.

###

As the morning progressed, Laura was knee-deep in putting together a presentation for the marketing department. About 11:15, she started to get really desperate and cast her mind back to when she had skipped her morning toilet break. Apart from her catastrophic first day, she had only done it a couple of times before and one of them had led to her almost wetting herself during lunchtime. She had made it, albeit barely, in a restaurant on the other side of town in which she and Katherine were having a lunch meeting. She measured her current desperation in relation to that time and figured that today might be a close call too.

She fidgeted in her seat, twisting her ankles around each other and keeping her knees tightly together while she typed on her computer. Katherine watched from her office, aroused by the thought of her pretty assistant getting desperate. She admired Laura's sensual body as she hotched around at her desk, obviously trying not to make it obvious. Katherine was brimming with anticipation for their lunch date at a nearby restaurant. She had already made a reservation there, after having been there on the previous day. It was a strategic choice; she had noticed that their one and only restroom was closed for repair and reckoned that it would be at least a couple of days until it was reopened. That was perfect; all she had to do now was to inconspicuously keep Laura from getting to a toilet while out on the town. That's why she had decided to take the opportunity to go over the upcoming meeting schedule while they were at the restaurant.

At half past eleven, Laura started bouncing her leg up and down as she drew up some graphics on her screen. She couldn't sit still anymore and found herself looking at the clock on the wall, time and time again, as if the computer clock wasn't to be trusted to be keeping up with the time. She squirmed and rubbed her bottom against the seat through the layers of her skirt and pantyhose, carefully moving her thighs against each other, trying not to be too obvious with her rising desperation. She was really full by now and all the water, fuelled by the diuretic effect of the coffee, was steadily making its way into her bladder.

She carried on working though, trying to ignore her rising need, but as the clock approached 12:00, it started to become impossible. At 11:55 she was full-on squirming around, supporting herself with her left hand on the seat as she bent her left knee over her right thigh while finishing up her presentation.

"Alright, Laura. Are you ready for lunch?" Katherine enquired through the door opening, although it sounded more like a demand rather than a question.

"Yes, Miss Andrews, I'm coming!" Laura replied, relieved that she finally was on her way to somewhere with a toilet. She only hoped that the restaurant wouldn't be too crowded and the toilet occupied.

###

They went down to the ground floor and headed out on the street towards the sushi place. Laura walked with smaller steps than usual, trying to keep her legs together as her desperation had risen to a serious level. She could still make it without holding herself or give away any other obvious signs of needing a toilet, but her sphincter definitely was tensed up by now, holding back an ever-growing amount of liquid.

The restaurant was only about three blocks away from the company building and the walk didn't take more than about five minutes. They entered the place and were greeted by a waitress.

"Reservation for two, Andrews Corporation," Katherine said.

"Andrews, table for two,” the waitress retorted. “This way please.” They followed her through the dining area while Laura looked around for the restrooms. They arrived at their table when Katherine's phone rang.

Laura seized the moment and discreetly leaned towards the waitress, "Excuse me, could you please point me to the restroom?"

"Oh, sorry ma'am. Our restroom is currently out of order," the waitress replied.

Laura began to slightly panic. She had bet all her hopes on being able to use the restaurant's toilet.

"Oh... I see... You don't happen to know where I could find one?"

"No, I don't, sorry. Excuse me, I have to take care of the other guests now. I'll be back in a moment to take your order."

Laura sat down at the table across from Katherine, who was still on the phone. She really began to worry about her ordeal now. There probably were at least some shops or restaurants in the nearby area in which she could borrow a toilet, but since she was with her boss, she would have a hard time convincing her to leave. The main reason for their lunch together was to prepare for the board meeting later in the afternoon and she couldn't just leave. Laura decided that her best shot was to sneak into the toilets behind the lobby when they returned. She only had to make it through lunch and then she would be safe.

Katherine ended her phone call just as the waitress arrived to take their orders. After ten minutes of waiting, the food arrived. Katherine had insisted on buying, to show her appreciation for Laura's hard work. Included in her offer was a big glass of wine, which wouldn't exactly help Laura with her need, but she was in no position to decline it. They ate and drank while discussing Laura's prospects in the company.

"You really have done a great job as my assistant during the last few weeks. If you keep this up, it won't be long until I can consign some of the bigger tasks to you."

"Oh, thank you, Miss Andrews,” Laura replied while gently squirming around on her seat, due to the urgent signals her bladder was sending. “I really enjoy working with you and the company and I'm more than prepared to take on a bigger responsibility."

"What's the matter?" Katherine suddenly interjected at the sight of Laura's half full wine glass. "Don't you enjoy the wine?"

"Oh... yes, of course I do," Laura replied.

She immediately brought the glass to her lips and gulped down a few sips, trying not to be conspicuous. She feared for the prospect of adding not only more liquid to her system, but a diuretic one at that. Katherine felt secretly overjoyed.

The lunch went by and after some basic preparations about the order of the upcoming meeting, they exited the restaurant and headed back to the office. It was already 12:50 and they had just enough time to get back to their floor to greet the rest of the meeting attendants. Laura's bladder was almost starting to ache and she had a hard time walking without showing any signs of desperation. Her steps were even smaller now. Her legs were moving in a scissor-like fashion as her heels were clicking on the sidewalk. She could still make it without openly holding herself though, but she kept her hands balled up in fists at her sides, to help her concentrate.

*002*2022-09-11 08:59

Part 3

As they entered the lobby, Katherine suddenly handed her briefcase over to Laura. "Here, hold this for a moment. I'm just gonna slip into the ladies' before we go up."

Laura stood in the middle of the lobby, watching her boss walking briskly towards the restrooms.

"You're kidding me!" she thought, "This is not fair! I'm absolutely bursting! I have to get in there before the meeting!"

Just as Laura was about to follow her, a group of suited men approached her.

"Excuse me," one of them said. "You are Miss Andrews' assistant, right?"

Laura straightened up and pinched her legs tightly together.

"Um, yes, that's right," she answered.

"Good, good,” he said as he held out his hand. “I'm Matt Johnston, head of accounting. We are supposed to attend your board meeting this afternoon."

She shook his hand and greeted the other three in the group as well. "Oh, that's right. Hello, my name is Laura."

"We need to come with you since we don't have the access to your floor. Hope you don't mind."

"No... No, not at all." Laura replied while growing more and more nervous about not making it to the toilet before the meeting. She looked anxiously towards the restroom, watching for her boss to return.

"We just need to wait for Miss Andrews, she should be back any minute," she added.

A moment later, Katherine returned and greeted the accountants.

"So, shall we get going?" Katherine asked.

The accountants all nodded in agreement, so she started leading them to the elevator. Laura followed with her scissor-legged footsteps, trying to catch the attention of her boss before it was too late. "Miss Andrews.... Miss..."

Katherine had already begun talking to Matt on the way, not appearing to notice her plea. She did, however, hear her faint calling, but she knew exactly what she was going to ask, and she was not letting Laura off the hook now that she had come this far in her quest to keep her desperate.

They all entered the elevator and ascended up to their floor. Laura stood silently against the wall, slowly moving her knees back and forth against each other while her mind was working overtime, trying to figure out what she would do now. She couldn't possibly enter the meeting like this. She had to find a toilet or she was in danger of repeating the calamity of her first day, only worse, since she would have a whole audience this time!

The elevator reached their floor and everyone got out. Katherine led the way through the hallway and the security, where some additional staff members were waiting for them. Laura followed at the back of the group, hobbling along with her hands gripping the sides of her skirt, trying hard to appear unbothered. Her bladder was pulsating now as the wine had started to work its way through her system, effectively assisting the coffee in producing more and more urine for her to hold in.

She knew that the plumber was supposed to arrive sometime around lunch, but could there be a possibility that he was done with the toilet already? She prayed optimistically to herself as they approached the meeting room, located right beside Katherine's office doorway.

They passed the toilet and Laura noticed a toolbox right inside the doorway. She stuck her head in and startled the plumber who was kneeling down on the floor.

"Oh my, you really scared me!" he said as Laura popped her head inside.

"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to,” she said while standing in the doorway, discreetly moving her knee from left to right over the other. “I just wanted to check and see how long you think this will take."

"It shouldn't be too long, provided I have all the spare parts. I reckon this should be up and running again within two hours at least."

"Oh, alright, thanks!" Laura replied, doing some quick calculations in her head.

Two hours meant that it would be fixed by the time of the afternoon break at 3 PM, but could she hold it that long? Her bladder was throbbing and it wasn't going to get easier, especially with that wine boosting her internal water drainage. But what choice did she have? Katherine would never let her out now, not with all the other attendants present. She had to hold it. She just had to.

###

She slowly advanced into the meeting room, clenching every abdominal muscle to try and appear calm in front of all those people. They all sat down at the table and Katherine went up to the whiteboard, ready to start the meeting. Laura seated herself at the middle of the table, preparing to take notes on her laptop. Her waistband cut into her bladder like a knife, forcing her to squeeze her thighs together while pressing one hand against the seat of her chair. It started to really hurt now.

Two hours like this? She thought. It’s already turning into a nightmare!

While the first half hour went by, Laura tapped down the occasional note on the laptop keyboard, while slowly squirming around and grinding her knees back and forth against each other. Her bladder was so full that her breathing became more and more shallow. She thought back upon that first day in the car. This is what it felt like while they were riding on the freeway, only moments before she totally soaked herself in the front seat. The flashback made her panic inside and she gripped the fabric of her skirt with her left hand, stretching it tightly over her legs as she squirmed.

Another agonizing half hour crawled by and Laura couldn't help shifting around on the chair and occasionally tapping her foot against the floor. That immediately drew attention though and she had to force herself to stop her foot tapping whenever it commenced. She tried to cross her legs, but in that tight skirt, the pressure became too great on her tortured bladder so she had to resort to lifting one thigh and pressing it over the other. She was so embarrassed, but she had no choice but to employ all of these obviously desperate movements in order to contain the ocean inside of her.

The time snailed on and it was time for the head accountant to hold court. It was about 2:15 PM and Laura had almost given up on typing notes by now, only managing to put down occasional words on the screen. All of her concentration was invested in not flooding the meeting room in front of everyone. Her bladder throbbed and cramped, so she had to press her thighs together, to support her poor sphincter and hold back the imminent flood. She breathed nervously and shallowly as she began to feel tears emerging in her eyes. She was so anxious she was about to cry.

Approaching 2:30, she experienced a major spasm, sending a surge of pain through her lower regions. She bent her right knee over her left, squeezed her thighs together under her skirt as strongly as she could, and gripped the seat while leaning forward. She panted heavily while struggling to avoid letting anything out. She bit her lip and looked at the clock, willing it to move faster. Her face was covered in utter despair, looking like she was about to cry. The accountant droned on and on as the time crawled forward.

Laura was now barely containing her eight and a half hour’s worth of pee. She was gripping the edges of the seat, pressing herself down onto the thin chair cushion, and fidgeting like crazy. It was 15 minutes until 3 PM and she looked forward to her break more than anything she had ever looked forward to in her whole life. It was so painful; she could feel that the water balloon inside of her tummy was stretched to its absolute limit. The urine soon wouldn't have anywhere else to go but into her skirt. The coffee, wine and water during the day seemed to work overtime, forcing even more urine into her bladder. She clenched her thighs together and rubbed them up and down under her tight skirt. She was just about to cry out of pure embarrassment about what was about to happen.

Katherine, sitting diagonally across from Laura, peeked at her beautiful, ambitious assistant. Laura looked so cute, sitting there in her red satin blouse, tight cotton skirt and sexy pantyhose, squirming around with tears emerging in her eyes that her heart almost melted. Laura's appearance reminded her of a sweet and shy little schoolgirl, trapped in a long lesson and refused permission to leave for the toilet.

A part of Katherine felt guilty, knowing how utterly devastated and humiliated Laura must have felt right then, but at the same time it all made the display even hotter. Oh, how she wished Laura would start to piss herself right there on the chair, squirming and fidgeting, too shy to speak up and bursting into tears in front of everyone as the pee drizzled off the seat. With ten minutes to go, there was still a chance. Katherine counted the minutes in anticipation.

So did Laura, albeit for the exact opposite reason. She clenched her legs tightly together and started bouncing them up and down for a moment, but then she stopped the all too obvious motion and resorted to fidgeting around slowly on the seat. She really squeezed her thighs and knees together while slowly grinding them against each other. The time seemed to move tantalizingly slowly. She could almost feel the urine enter the urethra, urging her to bend her left knee over her right leg, causing her body to tilt in a skewed, awkward position.

She gasped when she felt that it indeed was on its way out and that her sphincter no longer could hold it back. A spurt entered her panties and she had to aid herself by pressing her right hand through her skirt onto her tightly clenched crotch. She just about started to cry, but held her breath in panic to not let any conspicuous whines out.

She debated with herself whether or not she would raise her hand and ask to be let out early, but she couldn't bring herself to do it. It would seem too ridiculous considering it was only about five minutes until the break. But she felt like she didn't even have five minutes. She had always reasoned that you can always hold it for a little longer, but given enough time, the bladder’s capacity was bound to run out. You can't fit 1.1 GB on a 1 GB hard drive and Laura's own hard drive was full - one more byte of urine and she would explode.

A giant cramp suddenly crept up on her, causing her poor overfilled bladder to contract. She pressed both of her hands into her crotch in full panic, locking them in place with a tight squeeze between her thighs, but she couldn't help another spurt escaping into her panties, now soaking through the back of her skirt. She stared at Katherine with tears in her pretty eyes, silently begging her boss to round off her statements and announce the break. She couldn't wait any longer. She had to get out. She just had to!

*006*2022-09-25 15:38

{{On 9/18/2022 at 9:54 PM, MissMiniMe said:

Exciting to see what is happening to Laura this time.

And I'd also like to read what finally happened to Katherine after all of these incidents during the years. Could some of the secretaries pay back?

}}

I cannot lay claim on the whereabouts of Katherine herself but I recall the original storyline was quite an epic unto itself. Read all about it here

@@and here

.

It's been quite a while since I read it myself though.

{{ 

On 9/19/2022 at 4:30 AM, Mariomo said:

I was always looking for this story! this is what got me into writing omo for myself. I never managed to post an office themed story despite my love for office ladies, because every time I'd make one, i always thought to myself; "This cant be anywhere near as good as THAT story.."

Wouldn't you know, this is THAT story!

}}

I'm flattered (even though I'm humbly disowning the greatness of my writings, always the self-critic)! I sure hope you'll gain enough inspiration to cook something up yourself soon. I love me some office lady desperation myself. There is just something about that big gulf between being all professional, all dressed up and stuck in a formal situation and ultimately succumbing to the utter humiliation of voiding one's bladder in that elegant clothing.

*007*2022-09-25 16:20

So with that out of the way, here is the conclusion.

Part 4

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity for Laura, Katherine uttered the most beautiful words Laura had ever heard, "Alright, we've really accomplished something this afternoon. I think we all deserve a break. See you outside in the hallway in twenty minutes!"

Laura got up from her chair slowly, to avoid wetting herself right there. She kept her legs pressed together and supported herself with her hands resting on her thighs. The pain in her tummy was unbearable. She couldn't stand straight and it felt like her whole inside was brimming with urine. She hobbled through the meeting room towards the door with careful, small steps, criss-crossing her legs while she kept her hands on the front of her skirt. She prayed that no one would beat her to the toilet. She couldn't afford to wait another second and the mere thought almost made her cry in panic!

She shuffled out in the hallway, past their office. Further up ahead, she watched the other staff members disappear around the curve up ahead, on their way to the security station. She reckoned that none of them had gotten into the toilet and almost fainted at her luck! She hobbled along as fast as she could, which wasn't that fast due to her constantly scissoring legs. Her bladder ached and throbbed. She almost felt the urine starting to enter her urethra again and she had to cross her thighs even harder not to let go, making her steps even shorter. She reached the toilet door and turned the handle.

Oh God, I made it! She thought, overwhelmed with joy. I made it through all these hours and the toilet is free! Oh God, yes!

@@---

She pushed the door open.

As the door swung open, she was greeted by the sight of tools still lying around on the floor and a still disassembled toilet cistern. In her head, this was horror flick material.

Laura’s eyes opened wide and she screamed in total panic, "OH NO!! OH GOD!! WHY ARE YOU HERE?!! WHY AREN'T YOU DONE?!?!!?!"

Laura shoved her hands as deep into her crotch as humanly possible, nearly flooding the floor right then and there.

The repairman looked up at her and frowned. "Sorry, luv. It seems to have taken a bit longer than planned."

Laura cried out in utter despair, crossed her legs and bent down hard while pressing into her crotch through her skirt. "You said you would be done by now! I can't wait any longer! I've been holding it for the whole day!"

The repairman eyed the pretty young girl up and down, becoming quite aroused by her desperate display. "What can I say, I'm really sorry, but it's the way it is. You'll have to go find another restroom and it looks like you'd better hurry."

Laura knew she had been beaten and immediately set off toward the elevator. She couldn't believe her bad luck. How could she have gotten into this situation? How could there not be one single chance for her to get to a toilet throughout the whole day? It seemed so unreal.

She advanced through the security door and further down the hallway to the elevators in that same hunched-over position, twisting her legs around each other while hobbling forward. Her palms pressed onto the insides of her thighs, which was the most she could do in order not to seem too desperate. She reached the elevator and pressed the button for it, curtseying up and down with her left knee bent over her right while waiting the hundred or so years it took to arrive.

Finally the elevator doors opened and Laura hobbled in, pressing the bottom floor button and praying for it not to stop on the way. It started to descend and she experienced that dangerous feeling of urine entering her urethra again. She bent down and pressed her thighs together harder than ever before, hoping the pressure of the thigh flesh would clamp it off. Another spurt entered her panties and started streaking down her black pantyhose. She had to cut it off despite the pain of a thousand knives burning in her poor tummy. She was practically crying now, not believing how she could have ended up like this. Just one more minute, just one, and she would be resting on the toilet seat, finally letting out almost nine hours’ worth of urine. She could do it. She HAD to do it!

Then it cut to the next scene in her imaginary horror film. The elevator slowed down after five floors, indicating someone was getting on it.

"Ohnoohonononononoo! Please, noooo!" Laura said under her breath. The doors opened and a 50-something man in a suit stepped in. She tried to regain composure, but the pain was overwhelming. She knew that if she stood up straight and tried to act normal, she would flood the elevator.

The man looked a bit perplexed. "Looks like you really need a bathroom, young lady."

"Yes!" Laura sobbed. There was no room for pretence anymore. However embarrassing, she had no choice but to own up to her obvious desperation.

"You poor thing," the man said sympathetically. "You'd better hurry off to it when we get down.”

What a stupid thing to say! She thought, No, I'd better take it slow and easy so that I piss myself before reaching the toilet!

Tears ran down her cheeks as the elevator set off to its destination. Her legs trembled as she continued curtseying down, pressing her thighs and knees together to stem the oncoming flow. The man couldn't help but checking her out through the corner of his eye, but was actually feeling more sorry for her than anything else. He actually felt bad for delaying her on her way down to her ultimate relief.

@@---

The elevator finally reached the ground floor and the door slid open. The man got out and disappeared down the hallway, but Laura was afraid to move. It felt like she would start pissing the moment she changed position from here on, but she had no choice. Before the doors had the chance to close on her, she waddled out and down the hallway leading to the lobby. There were three stalls in the bathroom on the other side of the lobby, so one of them had to be free. It just had to!

Laura criss-crossed her legs while trying to speed forward towards the lobby, keeping her hands on her thighs. She panted heavily and sobbed out of the potential humiliation as she felt her sphincter give way during her desperate walk. As she approached the lobby, she felt the horror of urine pushing in all directions inside of her bladder and consequently down her urethra. She tried to squeeze her thighs even harder while at the same time gain some speed, which ultimately was impossible.

As she left the hallway and entered the lobby area, her pee had already reached the opening of her urethra and started streaking down her pantyhose as she speed-hobbled forward. She started crying and knew she had only seconds now before the inevitable. She tried to conjure up some momentary strength and increased her pace for a second, clicking her high heels on the hard floor, making the scene all too obvious. Some business people standing around witnessed poor Laura's struggle in full view.

Laura pressed her hands as hard as she could through her skirt while taking small and hurried steps across the lobby. The bathroom compartment now within sight, no one waiting outside, one of the doors even slightly ajar! She would make it! Just a few more seconds, she could not give up now!

Then - a surge of pain suddenly flowed through her! Oh God, not yet, not here, just a little bit more! She stopped dead in her tracks and crossed her legs hard while pressing her hands into her crotch with all her might. Please, only a few more meters! Please!

A massive cramp overwhelmed her and her bladder contracted violently.

That was the last straw.

SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSCCCCHHHHHHHHHHHHH

"OOOHHNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" she cried.

She started crying her eyes out in total despair, holding and squeezing her legs together while the pee violently gushed out in every direction with a loud hiss. It soaked through her skirt, even spurting through the material as she half-crouched down, still with her legs crossed. It fell down like a waterfall all around the hem and her black pantyhose were totally drenched.

She peed and peed, making a huge ocean around her right in the middle of the lobby with all of these people looking on. Urine gushed out from between her clenched legs, spraying through her skirt around her hands at the front, squirting through in multiple uncontrolled streams in the back and flowing down her pantyhose and feet in glistening rivers. There was so much pee, not one inch of fabric left dry, her humiliation was total.

After almost two minutes of gushing and splashing, her bladder finally had gotten rid of a whole day's worth of urine. Laura was devastated and kept on crying. She was so close! She had been holding it for so long and was just about making it!

Why this?! Why?! She looked up with her tear-drenched face and saw Katherine standing a few feet away. She had seen the whole thing!

Laura sniffled. "Miss Andrews... I... I..."

Katherine watched her beautiful assistant, totally soaked from the waist on down, standing in a giant puddle - nay, a minor sea - of her own making, pee dripping from her now dark grey pencil skirt, mascara running down her teary face, sobbing and hulking.

"I... I'm so sorry, I didn't make it to the bathroom!!" Laura buried her face in her wet hands and started all-out crying again, partly due to her unfathomable humiliation, but also from the frustration of her inability to get to the bathroom on time. She was so close to making it. She could have, if only that man hadn't been going down with her in the elevator just then, if only the toilet in their hallway had been fixed, if only, if only.

Trying to calm Laura down, Katherine reached out and stroked her back. “Sssshhh, it’s okay. It’s okay.”

She felt strangely turned on, being on the giving end of the consolation, almost like a mother caressing her daughter who had an accident in public, trying to assure her that everything was going to be alright.

"It's okay, Laura. These things happen. My previous assistant wet herself a couple of times as well."

"What?" Laura uttered between her sniffles, startled by her boss's statement.

Suddenly realizing what she had just said, Katherine had to gloss it over before Laura could start to suspect anything.

Realizing that she may have said too much, she hastily retorted, "She had some issues, a bit of a problem with estimating her own abilities and that put her in some embarrassing situations. I just wanted to say that you're not alone in wetting yourself. I've done it too. Most people have, at one time or another."

She led Laura away from the very public scene, back to the elevator, and took her up to the office.

"I have a pair of spare pants in my office,” Katherine said to her soaked assistant as they went down the hall. “You can borrow them and take the rest of the day off. Don't worry, I'll tell the others that you felt ill and had to go home"

Laura nodded and sniffled as she dried her tears and calmed down a bit. They went into the elevator and rode up to their floor.

"I just can't believe that just happened, “Laura said as the two of them entered Katherine’s office. “Every time I tried to get to a toilet I was hindered for some reason or another, it just seems so unfair."

"Don't ponder about it, Laura. Sometimes you just have a bit of a hard luck, it happens. Now, get changed and get on home. I'll see you again tomorrow morning as usual.”

Laura rode down to the ground floor and sped across the lobby, avoiding any possible eye contact. She noticed a cleaning lady mopping up her lake of urine from the floor and could swear that the businessmen standing by the coffee machine on the other side were pointing and whispering as she headed for the exit. She couldn't help thinking about the chain of events that led to her catastrophic accident and the words of her boss.

What did she mean about her former assistant, that she also wet herself a couple of times? Like me? This is the second time I've wet myself on this job. Did she also use to do that? How could that be?

Laura walked briskly to her car and got inside.

I did wet myself on the first day, but that was only due to my stupid shyness, Laura reflected while driving home. But I have been brought to desperation multiple times on this job since then, not being able to find a toilet until I was absolutely bursting.

She became more and more suspicious that Katherine, whose strict policies had been a big factor in preventing Laura from reaching a toilet when she needed one, was actually plotting it all, trying to make her have an accident and only just now succeeding...

*012*2022-10-05 17:33

Why, thanks for the appreciation! I hardly consider my own writings that exciting (perhaps because I've never been able to read them for the first time - the bane of any creator) but I sure am glad they are able to engage and excite others.

*013*2022-10-21 09:43

Alright, so I'm gonna ruin things a bit now and tack on an alternate ending to the story and see if it flies. It didn't really occur to me to do it, but to paraphrase the Top Gear guys, I have been literally inundated with a message from a fellow contributor who shalt remain nameless for now, unless he wants to step out here of course. He challenged me (ok, he didn't really, just merely suggested) to come up with an alternate ending to some of my stories, so I decided to try and ever so slightly step outside of my comfort zone for a moment. I will shroud it in a spoiler in order to leave the thread at least somewhat intact at first glance, so you can enjoy it at your own will. This will be the fourth and last chapter so that you know where to jump in.

Spoiler

Part 4

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, Katherine uttered the most beautiful words Laura had ever heard, "Alright, we've really accomplished something this afternoon. I think we all deserve a break. See you outside in the hallway in twenty minutes!"

As she announced the break, Katherine moved out the door and into the hallway along with a few of her colleagues, but not before casting a glance towards poor Laura, momentarily frozen in her chair. She wondered just how close to a massive accident she was by that point, how much longer it would be before she totally soaked her sexy skirt and pantyhose, how far the lake would stretch out on the floor around her. Katherine glanced intently but discreetly towards the restroom while briefly stopping outside the door, simultaneously trying to keep up conversation with her colleagues. She noticed that the plumber wasn’t there. Obviously done with his duties he had left the newly overhauled toilet free for anyone to use. One ultra-desperate assistant about to totally piss herself after hours and hours of holding, for instance. Damnit!

Laura slowly got up from her chair, achingly trying to avoid wetting herself right there. She kept her legs pressed together and supported herself with her hands resting on her thighs. The pain in her tummy was unbearable. She couldn't stand straight and she was brimming with urine. Meanwhile Katherine was feverishly trying to plot another delay for her cute assistant. She had been almost certain the plumber would take longer than this. Damn his diligence!

Laura hobbled through the meeting room towards the door with careful, small steps, criss-crossing her legs while she kept her hands on the front of her skirt. She prayed that no one would beat her to the toilet. She couldn't afford to wait another second and the mere thought almost made her cry in panic!

Katherine knew she had but mere seconds to act, if at all. It would seem a bit too suspicious after all, deliberately rushing to the toilet and occupy it in front of Laura’s face, so obviously on the brink of a giant accident. And her colleagues still lingering about in the hallway would be first-hand witnesses of her toilet sadist misdemeanour. Damn! Damn my moral boundaries, she thought. And damn that plumber’s efficiency! Over the course of the next few seconds, she disappointedly watched Laura’s struggle, knowing she would be saved after all.

But then, as Laura shuffled out in the hallway, one of the male colleagues casually headed for the still vacant toilet, enjoying some small-talk with another colleague on the way. Katherine’s face lit up. Laura’s face didn’t. She wanted nothing more than to run and secure her probably last chance to see the day out dry, but it hurt so much it took a gargantuan effort to even make any advancement at all. Her bladder screamed and throbbed. She almost felt the urine starting to enter her urethra again as she hobbled along as fast as she could, whining and sobbing in frustration.

But she wasn’t fast enough. With a look of absolute terror etched all over her face, she watched in disbelief as the toilet door only meters in front of her shut and the lock indicator was twisted into the red. Laura almost fainted! She reached for the handle, as if by some divine intervention it would reward her with opening the door for her but of course it wouldn’t budge. This was the stuff of nightmares.

“No…. please open up….. let me in….. please…..”

She breathlessly sobbed out her pathetic request while frustratingly rustling the door.

“Cool it down out there, will you!” came the irritated voice from behind the door just before the lucky colleague started his stream down the bowl with an audible trickle.

In total panic, Laura shoved her hands through the skirt as deep into her crotch as humanly possible, nearly flooding the hallway outside the toilet. Katherine watched in glee from afar. This was almost too good to be true, and she didn’t even have to intervene for the inevitable to happen!

But Laura was going down fighting. Knowing her chances of making it into this particular toilet were nil, she immediately set off towards the elevator. She couldn't believe her bad luck. How could she have gotten into this situation? How could there not be one single chance for her to get to a toilet throughout the whole day? It seemed so unreal.

She advanced through the security door and further down the hallway to the elevators in that same hunched-over position, twisting her legs around each other while hobbling forward. Her palms pressed onto the insides of her thighs, which was the most she could do in order not to seem too desperate. She reached the elevator and pressed the button for it, curtseying up and down with her left knee bent over her right while waiting the hundred years it took to arrive.

Finally the elevator doors opened and Laura hobbled in, pressing the bottom floor button and praying for it not to stop on the way. It started to descend and she experienced that dangerous feeling of urine entering her urethra again. She bent down and pressed her thighs together harder than ever before, hoping the pressure of the flesh would clamp it off. She was practically crying now, not believing how she could have ended up like this. Just one more minute, just one, and she would be resting on the toilet seat, finally letting out almost nine hours’ worth of urine. She could do it. She HAD to do it!

Then - the elevator slowed down after five floors, indicating someone was getting on it.

"Ohnoohonononononoo! Please, noooo!" Laura said under her breath. The doors opened and a 50-something man stepped in. She tried to regain composure, but the pain was overwhelming. She knew that if she stood up straight and tried to act normal, she would flood the elevator.

The man looked a bit perplexed. "Looks like you really need a bathroom, young lady."

"Yes!" Laura sobbed. There was no room for pretence anymore. However embarrassing, she had no choice but to own up to her obvious desperation.

"You poor thing," the man said sympathetically.

Tears of shame, frustration and fear of losing it ran down her cheeks as the elevator descended. Her legs trembled as she continued curtseying down, pressing her thighs and knees together to stem the oncoming flow. The man felt more sympathetic than anything else, almost guilty for delaying her on her way down to ultimate relief.

The elevator finally reached the ground floor and the door slid open. The man got out and disappeared down the hallway, but Laura was afraid to move. It felt like she would start pissing the moment she changed position from here on, but she had no choice. Before the doors had the chance to close on her, she waddled out and down the hallway leading to the lobby. There were three stalls in the bathroom on the other side of the lobby, so one of them had to be free. It just had to!

Laura criss-crossed her legs while trying to speed forward towards the lobby. She panted heavily and sobbed out of the potential humiliation as she felt her sphincter give way during her desperate walk. As she approached the lobby, she felt the horror of urine pushing down on her urethra. She tried to squeeze her thighs even harder while at the same time gain some speed, which ultimately was impossible. Pee had already reached the opening of her urethra and started streaking down her pantyhose as she speed-hobbled forward into the lobby.

She knew she had only seconds before the inevitable. She tried to conjure up some momentary strength and increased her pace for a second, clicking her high heels on the hard floor, making the scene all too obvious. Some staffers were hanging around in the lobby, witnessing poor Laura's struggle in full view. Laura had to press her hands as hard as she could through her skirt while taking small and hurried steps across the floor, singularly aiming for the toilets in the compartment at the other end. One of the doors ajar. Please, just a few more meters! Please let me make it!!!

Then with just those few more meters left, she suddenly stopped dead in her tracks. A giant surge of pain flowed through her, signalling it was finally game over…

###

All the while Laura struggled in the elevator on the way down to the lobby, Katherine decided that she couldn’t afford to miss the gloriously wet misfortune that loomed over her cute assistant. Incredibly turned on by the lucky turn of events outside the hallway toilet, she excused herself in front of her colleagues and headed down the stairs.

As she walked from the stairwell through the hallway towards the lobby, her heart pounded in anticipation. Would she be greeted with the sight of her devastated assistant standing in a literal sea of her own making by the reception desk? Maybe still helplessly gushing piss all over herself, all over her skirt, tights and shoes while bawling her eyes out? Or would she beat her to it and securing a front row spot from where she would witness poor Laura hurrying across the floor towards the toilets, criss-crossing her legs as desperate spurts of urine streaked down her sexy black tights?

As Katherine reached the lobby, Laura was nowhere to be seen. At first, she reckoned she had yet to reach the lobby, maybe she hadn’t even made it this far and had completely lost it in the hallway leading from the elevator? Or maybe even in the elevator itself? Katherine made a slight detour back into the hallway to look for her poor and possibly wet and devastated assistant, but no Laura there either. Katherine silently cursed and turned around, now heading for the toilets in the lobby as if casually being on the way to use them.

As she approached the compartment, she noticed a slight trail of tiny drops on the floor leading to the toilets, all of which were occupied at the moment. She sighed and positioned herself outside the compartment, leaning against the doorpost, begrudgingly realizing how things had turned out. From inside one of the cubicles, she could just about make out some heavy panting, albeit drowned out by one of the most violent roaring gushers she had ever heard.

On her right, a few meters away along the lobby wall, she overheard a young man, somewhat bemusingly talking to one of his colleagues.

- Man, that was intense! You know that redhead, the new executive assistant, I think. I swear she was just about totally pissing herself a moment ago!

- Oh my, really?

- Yeah, she was running for the toilet and stopped dead in her tracks, crying that she was wetting herself when I asked what was the matter. I even noticed drops running down her legs!

- Damn, did she actually piss herself?

- She certainly was about to, but I quickly managed to drag her into the toilet before she had an accident. I think I saved her at the very last moment actually, because she was totally frozen in place. I bet you anything she would have wet herself in full frontal view of everyone in the lobby if I hadn’t stepped in. I’ve never seen anyone so desperate!

- Hah, you hero, you! Maybe you’ll get a chance with her in reciprocity, hehe. Would be something to tell everyone when asked how you met for the first time!

Katherine’s heart sank in disappointment and even some slight anger towards that young man, even though she knew it was totally the right thing to do on his part. Damn his chivalric manners! Why did he have to come and save her when she was so frickin’ close to possibly the wettest accident Katherine would ever have had the fortune to witness? Damn him to hell! Ok, calm down now. Don’t you realize how utterly stupid it is to condemn someone for helping a desperate girl getting to the bathroom in time? Katherine was full of conflicting emotions.

Meanwhile inside the toilet, Laura sat on the seat, exhausted and relieved after over two minutes of constant high-pressure gushing of an absolutely epic amount of urine into the bowl. Her head was buzzing, still not fully convinced that she actually had made it. But she had, no small thanks to that gentleman who spotted her. She had never been surer of anything than that she would piss herself after that final spasm in the lobby, mentally preparing for the utter humiliation as she felt the ocean of urine urging itself out from between her crossed legs. But she made it at the very last second, only just about managing to get her skirt up and pantyhose and knickers down when the floodgates burst through. Just one more second and her pantyhose would have been drenched. Two seconds and her skirt as well.

After having spent the next few minutes on the toilet seat gathering her bearings, Laura dabbed her moist knickers with toilet paper and pulled her pantyhose back up. They had received some sprinkling of urine in her desperate struggle but had already just about dried out and even the wet spots on the back of her skirt had faded away by now so no one would be any the wiser about what had been about to happen.

After washing her hands and tidying up her hair, she exited the toilet and headed back to the elevator and up to her floor for the second half of the meeting. She knew she was the luckiest girl in the world right then, seeing as she was literally seconds away from being the unluckiest, and started thinking about that handsome young man who had helped her out. On one hand, he was the one divide between her making it and her totally soaking herself in the lobby, but goddamn how embarrassing it was! And all those other people witnessing her panicking struggle! How would she ever live it down? She could only hope at least not to run into any of them when leaving work later on and that the incident would soon be forgotten. Then again, it could have ended up much, MUCH worse and she tried to remind herself of that as she stepped out of the elevator.

As Laura re-entered the meeting room, her boss was about to commence the second half of the meeting. As Katherine eyed Laura on her way back to her seat, she was already plotting her next move. Another day like this but with just one more obstacle thrown in and goddamn if she wouldn’t be able to delay her pretty assistant long enough for her to drench her elegant business clothing in sweet female urine…

###

And just as a post scriptum, in this alternate timeline, this was obviously not the second time that Laura ended up wetting herself, for those hung up on the original premise. With that in mind it opens up the possibility of at least a third Laura story even if I don't have anything going on in the way of that right now, but I just might do something with that in the future.

*015*2022-10-22 07:44

{{5 hours ago, Kayn said:

Don’t really see a big reason for anonymity here, so I’ll just go ahead and out myself as the one who made the request. After reading the spectacular events of the original ending, I couldn’t help but ponder about an alternate sequence of events in which things didn’t go as Katherine had planned. Having read about so many of her sadistic actions against her assistants, I think a part of me wanted her plans to be foiled, allowing her poor assistant to actually “win” for a change. Plus I’m just a sucker for just-made-it endings, so there’s that haha.

In any case, I would’ve given any excuse to get more content out of this incredible series, and I think I speak on everyone’s behalf when I say that this has been an absolute pleasure to read.

}}

I'm glad you enjoyed it, as well as I am of the fact that you suggested it in the first place. Even if I am all about accidents in the end, there is indeed some satisfaction to be gained from ruining Katherine's sadistic prospects. If nothing else, it is a good pretext for plotting out alternate outcomes for the other chapters as well.

