The GUSSH Protocol

Author: AliasnameTO

*000*2023-02-09 22:01

This is something that came together quickly while I wet my skinny jeans on a whim after getting home from grocery shopping, and cleaned up. It almost got a sort of mid-20th-century instructional video quality to it hehe. Enjoy.

The GUSSH Protocol

So, it’s happening again. You had a lot of liquids, got too into what you were doing. Maybe didn’t hold as well as you could have. Now hot pee is pouring into your pants. It’s okay. Maybe not the first time, and probably not the last. What’s important is what to do about it now. Lucky for you, I’ve done enough case studies and had it happen to me enough times to have developed this guide. When you pee your pants, it’s imperative to initiate the GUSSH Protocol immediately.

1. Go. It’s normal to have an adrenaline reaction to doing something with so much potential for embarrassment and inconvenience, but panicking by trying harder to stop will only make it worse. If you were manually holding yourself, take your hands away. Chances are it will not make the difference. You’d only pee on your hands and spread the wet spot further. You can try to clench your muscles to stop peeing at this point if you can, but the best thing to do as soon as you realize you’re wetting is to take a few moments to “just go.”

2. Understand. No matter what your brain may be telling you, it’s not as bad as it seems. People are most often too busy with their own lives to nose into yours, and might not even notice that you’re wet. You would draw more attention to yourself by flailing around and making a scene than acknowledging to yourself that it’s just a little accident. Anyone who does notice will follow your calm.

3. Sponge. Sometimes wettings happen in less-than-ideal settings, especially in places where other people’s property is involved. As much as possible, use any absorbent material on hand to minimize the extent of your wetness beyond your own clothes. You’re already wet so the effect on yourself should not be very noticeable. The surrounding area is usually more important.

4. Secure. Now that you’ve wet and cleaned up as much as possible in the moment, it’s time to complete your recovery. The plan here, perhaps ironically, would be to find a bathroom. Not only can you dry off a little better there, but let out any more pee that you succeeded in holding or has accumulated since your total wetting. Unisex/single-person restrooms are ideal, but as always, you have to use what’s available. That should get you by until you get the opportunity to change clothes.

5. Get Home. Only in your own space can you completely recover from a wetting. There you can bathe, change, and launder your wet things, and even clean up any errant drops that may still fall before everything is contained.

So there you have it. Whether you have yet to experience a major wetting or all but forget what dry clothes even feel like, it’s possible to get back in action quickly and smoothly. Wetting can sometimes be prevented, but the GUSSH Protocol means peace of mind when peeing your pants.

