The Swap

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2018-12-06 17:49

This is another request from SAM996.

Enjoy!

___

Jenna and Grant had been best friends since they were kids. They did everything together, and planned on going to the same college now that they were in their last year of high school. Their lives had been pretty ordinary so far but all of that was about to change.

Jenna had gone home early the previous day because she was feeling sick, so imagine her surprise when she woke up feeling good as new. She blearily opened her eyes only to look around and take in her surroundings. “That’s weird,” she thought, “I don’t remember deciding to sleepover at Grant’s house.” She sat up more in bed and as she started to get her bearings she rapidly realized something was very, very wrong. She swiftly rushed out of bed to go to the in suite bathroom and look in the mirror. Sure enough, it was Grant’s blue eyes and sandy blonde hair staring back at her. In total disbelief she couldn’t help but look down towards her crotch and take a peak into the flannel pajama pants she was wearing. The sight she found there only confirmed her fears. She felt a slight stirring in her, Grant’s? bladder but there was no way she even going to try to deal with that so she ignored it in favor of rushing to grab Grant’s phone off the nightstand.

You see, Jenna was a virgin. In fact, looking down into her, or rather Grant’s, pants just now was the first time she had ever even seen a penis. She was hardly prepared to touch one and furthermore it seemed like a violation.

She thanked her lucky stars that she and Grant knew the passcodes to each other’s phones as she picked his up and quickly dialed her own phone. Grant swiftly picked up and it was absolutely surreal to hear her own voice speak to her. “Erm, Jenna? Are you-?” he asked. “Y...yea. And I’m freaking out! What do we do?” she asked him frantically. “I don’t know! I guess you just have to play along and go to school until we figure this out. Maybe I can google something?” he responded. “I have to play along? Why aren’t you coming?” she gasped. “I can’t. You’re sick remember? That means now I’m sick. I didn’t realize how bad off you were, geez.”

“Oh- yea. Oh man how are we going to do this?”

“It’s going to be fine,” Grant reassured her, “we know each other inside and out. We can fake being each other for the day. Ok?”

“Ok,” Jenna conceded. They only talked on the phone for a moment more before Jenna heard Grant’s mom calling. She gulped, hung up the phone, and quickly got dressed in her new body. She still refused to look at her new groin anymore, it was too disorienting so she ignored the stirring of her bladder once more before heading downstairs.

It turned out Grant had been right. She found it surprisingly easy to pretend to be him as she ate breakfast with his mom. She was so wrapped up in the conversation and maintaining her room that she didn’t even notice that she’d drank two glasses of orange juice. She grabbed the coffee Grant always carried with him and then went to get into his car. Once inside she cursed. How could she forget he drove a stick shift? Luckily, the knowledge on how to drive it seemed to come instinctually, albeit a little slower than Grant probably would do it, and she soon found herself arriving to school.

She went to his first period class, and settled into a seat towards the very back, trying to collect herself as she sipped on his coffee. Soon she realized what a mistake she had made. The pressure in her bladder was steadily increasing and she didn’t know what to about it. It was too late for her to leave and try to relieve herself but she was growing pretty desperate. She wiggled around in the chair, hoping that would provide enough relief to at least last her until she could ask permission to run to the bathroom and figure out the mechanics of it.

In walked the teacher, Ms. Washington. She was a tall woman with dark hair, an ass that would even make the Kardashians jealous, and a large bosom to match. These were all things Jenna had noticed before but suddenly the sight elicited new feelings within her. As the hour long lecture started slowly but surely Jenna realized what the sensation she was feeling was, arousal. She tried to focus on the lesson instead but that only drew her attention more to the sexy teacher. Although her bladder was absolutely bursting she found her thoughts occupied instead by the growing arousal.

Suddenly a new problem really arose. She looked down to her lap and to her horror realized she was hard as a rock. It was such a foreign feeling and she panicked not knowing what to do. She barely touched herself, let alone another man, her best friend no less. She’d certainly never been aroused during a lesson before and even if she had she’d never had to worry about people being able to tell before. Panicked, she pulled out Grant’s phone to text him. She frantically asked him what to do.

“Oh god Jenna, you are killing me. Just- try to think of something super unappealing. If you’re not aroused anymore it will go down,” he tried to explain. “I can’t think of anything! It’s really distracting!” she quickly typed back. “Geez ok just, ask to go to the bathroom and you can- fuck. You can take care of it in there,” Grant messaged back. Jenna could feel heat rising to her cheeks. “A...are you sure?” she texted back. “Yes! This is me officially giving you permission just try not to embarrass me ok?” Jenna sent back an ok and tried to resume paying attention to the lesson.

She only lasted a little longer before her painful arousal and bladder began to get to her. She let one hand drift down to press on the hard member and nearly gasped out loud at the sensation. She knew she shouldn’t but the feeling had been so good. She couldn’t help but run along the member the smallest bit over the black jeans she’d chosen. Her bladder was dying by this point, but her near painful erection demanded more attention. She knew she shouldn’t and she had promised Grant she wouldn’t embarrass him but no one else was sat close enough to her to notice what she was doing and soon she was stroking herself through the jeans pretty earnestly. At some point, Ms. Washington dropped her chalk on the ground and had to bend down to pick it up. Her skirt rode up, accenting the woman’s shapely bottom and that was it. Jenna bit down on her lip hard to prevent a moan from escaping as she suddenly found herself cumming hard into the black jeans. Grant was going to kill her.

As she came down from the orgasm induced high she suddenly became aware of another sensation. Her crotch was very warm. More warm than it should be. To her horror she realized as soon as her first release had finished, a second had started. She was releasing Grant’s bladder into his pants and had no way of stopping it. Grant was really going to kill her now. The jeans were shiny with wetness and she could feel the urine traveling down her leg. “At least the jeans are black,” she thought helplessly. Luckily the flow finished before a large puddle could form, leaving just a small one in the seat. She could do nothing but sit in her wet and sticky underwear and jeans until the bell rang. Then she was very cautious to make sure no one noticed the mess she made as she dug through Grant’s bag until she found something to clean the seat with.

Somehow, some way, Jenna managed to clean everything up without anyone catching on. Grant never needs to know, she told herself as she left the classroom and made her way to the bathroom. She’d clean up, change into his gym shorts until the jeans dried, and no one would ever have to know the naughty things she’d just done in class.

______

I originally was going to put what both of them experienced but Jenna’s portion was getting so long I decided to break it up. So if you enjoyed this story, leave a comment and I’ll probably make a sequel in this thread detailing want Grant was doing in Jenna’s body back at her house while she was being naughty in class in his body.

*004*2019-04-04 13:06

Hello everyone, after a short hiatus, here is Grant’s side.

###

When Grant woke up, every part of him ached as if he had been hit by a train. He had very little energy and his throat was incredibly sore. “Did Jenna get me sick?” he wondered as he blearily dragged himself out of bed. Something else felt off but he ignored it as he made his way over to the bathroom. He flicked the light on but when his eyes focused on the mirror he was stunned to find Jenna’s green eyes and ginger hair staring back at him. He moved around in the mirror in hopes of revealing some prank but no matter how he turned it was always Jenna’s freckled face he saw, not his own.

He heard Jenna’s phone go off so he made his way back over to the bed and saw his own caller ID staring back at him. “Erm, Jenna? Are you-?”

“Y...yea” the confirmation was all Grant needed as his mind began spinning. He distantly remembers the rest of the conversation but between the shocking realization that he had swapped bodies with his best friend and the fact he was now ill, he barely registered any of it. Suddenly he could hear footsteps coming up the stairs so he quickly pocketed the phone and climbed back into the bed and buried himself deeper into the covers.

“Hi sweetie, I brought you some tea. How are you feeling?” Jenna’s mother cooed as she opened the door. “Still bad,” Grant groaned, quickly thinking of Jenna and how she would act in this situation. Jenna’s mother approached, gently placing a hand to Grant’s forehead and pausing a moment. “You still have a bit of a fever. Let me grab you some Tylenol and orange juice to take it with. After that I need to go to work but you call me if you need anything all right darling?”

“Yes- Mom” Grant replied, feeling somewhat odd at referring to Jenna’s mom as if she were his own.

Grant sipped on the tea while he waited for Jenna’s mom to return. It soothes his aching throat and made it more bearable. Now that he had adjusted to suddenly feeling ill it no longer was quite as bad, though still rather unpleasant. He gratefully accepted the tray Jenna’s mom returned with, loaded down with toast, orange juice, and the promised tylenol. She kissed him goodbye and left for work, leaving Grant alone in the home. Once he had finished eating and had drank both the mug of tea and the glass of orange juice, grant cautiously stood up out of the bed. He looked around quickly, as if worried he was about to be caught doing something he shouldn’t and then returned to the mirror.

You see, although Grant and Jenna’s friendship was just that, a friendship, he had to admit that she was an attractive girl. Her freckles, hair, and eyes were enough to make people glance her way but her body was enough to make them stare. Although she was thin, she had large D cup tits and a shapely ass. Grant knew all of this but had never gotten the opportunity to really stop and appreciate these things. He and Jenna’s friendship had started long before the latter two things had developed yet so he never got the chance to stare. He did now. Jenna had gone to bed in tight gray drawstring shorts and a white tank top.

It was a foreign feeling to feel himself growing aroused but no longer have a dick to harden, instead he felt Jenna’s, his?, pussy grow wet and saw his nipples harden. The sight only increased his arousal and with a gulp he couldn’t help but bring one hand up underneath them of the tank to squeeze one of the hardened nubs. He gasped out loud, not anticipating how sensitive he would be. He was starting to rub and circle the nipple when the text tone on Jenna’s phone went off, startling him. He cursed under his breath and pulled out Jenna’s phone and opened the message. He groaned when he read its contents.

Of course, it would be just his luck that Jenna would manage to get hard in class. It was almost surreal trying to talk Jenna through her first public erection and then giving her permission to go to the bathroom to masturbate in his body. The more he pictured the surreal image, the hotter it got. He distantly noticed a stirring in his bladder but ignored in, too distracted by the sudden thoughts in his head.

He returned to laying down on top of the bed. Jenna has tied the drawstring on the shorts very tightly the previous night but with some effort, Grant was able to slide his hand past the waistband anyway. He was delighted to find that Jenna had apparently gone to sleep with panties on. He closed his eyes and began to picture what must be happening with her at that moment. Jenna rushing out of the classroom in his body, heading to the men’s room and dashing into a stall. It would be his body but her mannerisms, stroking and stroking. She’s never been with a man before, his body would be her first.

The thought had him quaking and soon he was fingering himself at a steady pace. He had always thought girls were more complicated to get off but he soon was so immersed in his fantasy that instinct took over his hands. With no one else in the house, he was free to be as loud as he wanted and hearing Jenna’s voice moaning and crying out in pleasure tripled his arousal. Soon it was all too much and he saw stars as his orgasm ripped through him.

He panted heavily as he came down. He extracted his hand from the shorts and took a minute to catch his breath, feeling giddy. He wondered if Jenna had the same experience touching herself in his body and found himself getting aroused again when another sensation reared its head once more.

Grant had completely forgotten about having to pee and now it felt pretty urgent. He rolled his eyes and leisurely made his way to the bathroom. He stood in front of the toilet and forced his hand past the waistband of the shorts once more, wincing as doing so put additional pressure on his bladder. It was only then he realized something he had always taken for granted. He couldn’t just ‘whip it out’ to pee. There was nothing to whip out. He groaned as he once more put pressure on his bladder by removing his hand from the tight shorts. He tried to just tug the shorts down but they were tied too tight and all it did was press on his strained bladder.

A small gush spurted out, wetting the shorts and making a small dark patch on the gray material. Grant cursed and pressed a hand to his crotch to try and hold back the flood. While Jenna not wearing underwear had been a blessing before, it felt like a curse now since there was no barrier between her quickly exhausting sphincter and her poor shorts. “Oh god, Jenna will kill me if I piss myself” he thought as he danced in place. While one hand gripped his crotch he tried to undo the knot in the drawstring with the other hand but it was no use. He knew it would be a two hand job.

He took a steady breath and then let go of his crotch to try and work on the knot with both hands. He started leaking almost immediately after he let go. It started as a small trickle as he fought against the knot but it wasn’t long before he was cursing, still trying futilely to undo the tie as he began pissing himself in earnest. The wet patch grew rapidly across the shorts and a puddle formed below him. Eventually he gave up and just let his poor exhausted bladder empty itself. When the flow had petered out, he re tackled the knot. It took quite some time to finally undo the thing. He then mopped up the puddle with a towel, then kicked off the shorts and took of his shirt. Finally he turned on the shower and hopped in to wash away the evidence of what he’d done.

