Camping Catastrophe

Author: Alex62

*000*2019-10-03 22:08

Zach woke up bright and early and basically jumped out of bed. He thought he hurt something in his right leg but he didn’t care and it seemed okay. He was excited because he was spending the weekend camping with his two best friends; Mike and Josh and not only that but with the guy he had a secret crush on, Teagan.

As Zach packed he couldn’t help but to think about his trip and of course Teagan. Smiling to himself he finished packing and went to take a hot shower.

Turning on the water to H, for hot, Zach noticed he need to pee. So as the water heated he used the toilet. After he finished peeing the water was okay so he got in the shower.

Once in the shower Zach tried his best to enjoy it since he wasn't sure if this camp had good showers. While he was in the shower he got a text from Mike saying Josh and Teagan as well as himself were ready to go and just waiting on him.

Zach didn’t see the text from Mike till he got out of the shower. Not wanting to make his friends wait he hurried up and got ready. He throw on some boxers with a clean pair of jeans with a belt and went to find a shirt. As he put on a shirt he texted Mike that he was ready.

Not even 10 minutes have passed since he texted Mike that he was ready he heard Mikes car pull in his drive way. Hurrying up he grabbed his bag and ran outside to met Mike. Luckily for him once he got outside he saw Mike and Josh in the front so that meant he got to sit in the back with Teagan.

As he got in the car he felt his leg hurt but ignored saying hello to Teagan with a smile. As he got in he also said hi to Mike and Josh while he got his seat belt on. As Zach got settled they backed out and were off.

Mike was driving so he got to pick where they stopped so it surprised them all when Mike pulled into Starbucks. They all got Fraps as none of them liked coffee. They all got Vetnis(The largest size) Double Chocolate Chip.

Right as they finished their drinks Mike pulled into there campsite. They all got out and helped unload the car. Once everything was out they decided to set up the tents but first they had to decided who was sleeping with who since they only had two tents. They decided they would sleep with who was besides them in the car. That was awesome for Zach as he was by Teagan so that meant Teagan and himself was sharing a tent.

Zach grabbed the rent with Teagan and found a nice area under a tree to set it up. Teagan and Zach began setting up the tent when Zach felt his leg hurt again. He ignored it again and focused on the tent but when he knelt down he felt something snap in his leg and he cried out in pain. Teagan, Mike, and Josh hurried over to see what was wrong.

They found Zechariah on the ground clutching his right leg. All of the asked him what was wrong at the same time but Zach was in to much pain to answer.

After a while Zach tried to get up with the help of his friend thinking he would just walk it off. Nope, he just fell back to the ground. Not sure what to do they all carried Zach to a nearby table laying him down on it.

After they done so they all talked about what they should do and decided they would stay the night since it was getting late and see how Zach felt in the morning. After they decided they went to finish the tents.

While they did that Zach fell asleep on the table. After a while Zach woke up at first everything seemed fine but he soon realized he had to pee and bad. He tried to get up but his leg was still no good so he called his friends. No response. Zach thought to himself where were they? And why did they leave him? Right then he heard a tent open and saw Teagan get out of their tent.

He came over asking how was his leg. Zach replied not great. He then asked Teagan to help him to the bathroom since he really had to pee. Teagan wasn't sure if he could carry Zach on his own so he want to wait for Mike and Josh but Zach said he really had to go.

So Teagan started to carry Zach on his own. It was easier then he thought but he had to go slow. Zach told Teagan to hurry or he would wet himself he had to go so bad. Teagan went as fast as he could as Zach looked as desperate as he said holding himself though his light jeans.

Finally they got to the bathroom to see Mike waiting outside. When he saw Teagan and Zach he ran over to them. Seeing Zach he realized he must have to pee and bad.

Unfortunately, there was only one toilet and Josh was using it. Zach had to wait. He could barley hold it but he couldn’t wet himself in front of Mike and epically in front of Teagan. Zach felt a leake and hold himself even tighter.

Finally Josh came out and Zach was free to go in. Teagan helped him in but as he went to leave Zach asked him to help undo his jeans and belt. Heisting Teagan agreed knowing he might see Zech exposed but he want to help a friend. Teagan walk over to Zach and undo his belt for him. But when he went for the jeans he couldn’t get the zipper down.

Zach told him to hurry as in a second he would wet himself. Unfortunately, Teagan had no luck and Zach was right. What started as a leak turned into a steady flow which turned into a dam breaking. Zach stuttered T...T...Teagan it’s happing. Shocked at this Teagan remove his hands as he watched his friend wet himself in front of him. The pee ran down Zach’s legs making a huge pee puddle on the ground.

Teagan unfortunately, had to stand in the puddle hold Zach up. All Zach could do was stand there Wetting himself. It felt so good since Zach had to go so bad. After what felt like a hour Zach’s bladder was empty. Zach apologized to Teagan but Teagan said it was okay. Beside Teagan thought to himself Zach looked cute peeing himself.

Tegan helped Zach out and Mike and Josh were waiting outside. They were shocked to see Zach didn’t make it. Josh apologized for taking so long in the bathroom. Zach just nodded and said nothing. Back at camp Mike and Josh went in there tent after saying good night to Teagan and Zach. Teagan helped Zach to the tent and once there helped him inside. Once inside Teagan felt his heartbeat go faster and faster. He closed the door and kissed Zach on the cheek.

*001*2019-10-11 05:26

I decided to make a part 2

Zack and Teagan fell asleep together. Teagan woke up at 3:00am with a full bladder. He was in only his boxers to sleep and it was freezing out so he didn’t want to go out and freeze but he had to pee.

Teagan start to think maybe he should just pee right there, it was already wet from Zach earlier so if he did it what’s the harm? But since Zach fell asleep with Teagan he would get wet again.

Teagan considered this and thought about what he should do and if I would really be that bad. He decided I wouldn’t be and he could say it was an accident if needed.

So he closed his eyes and relaxed. He felt his bladder release along as the warm, wetness against his skin and boxers. It felt amazing and Teagan didn’t know why but he was loving it.

He was shocked when he heard Zach whisper in his ear “so what you like this now?” Embarrassed Teagan didn’t know what to say. Zach smiled and said “don’t worry I enjoyed it to and you look cute wet” and kissed him on the cheek.

Shocked by this Teagan sat up and said “well you looked cute earlier as well”. Smiling Zach laughed but right then he felt a joint of pain as long as something he felt the day before and quickly stopped. He has to pee.

Teagan put a hand on Zach’s shoulder and asked “what’s wrong Zach?” Zach replied “my foot still hurts and I have to pee.” This time Teagan was the one to laugh. When he was able to speak again he asked Zach “why don’t you pee right here?”

Zach responded “I don’t want to pee in here besides you already have I don’t know if I can stand my pee as well.” Teagan nodded and started to help Zach out the tent.

As soon as he stood up Teagan felt his own pee start to drip down his legs. I should do this more often Teagan thought to himself.

Zach snapped Teagan out of deep thoughtful when he said “I’m going to pee here”. Shocked Teagan looked at Zach’s boxers and saw a dark, wet spot appearing in his crouch area.

Teagan watched as it dropped down Zach’s bare legs making a noise when it hits the floor. When he finished he heard a voice and him and Teagan froze. It was Josh.

Josh had on gym shorts and a shirt obviously going somewhere. As he got closer he said it again “Again, Zach?” After saying that he spotted Teagan and his wet boxers. He stopped in his tracks and said “You too, Teagan?”

Teagan try’s to find something to say but notice Josh crosses his legs and was squirming around. Teagan smiled and said “Josh do you have to pee?” Josh responded “I do and badly, seeing and hearing Zach let go made me go a little.”

As he said that Teagan noticed his shorts where darker in one area. Josh tried to push be Zach and Tegan but Teagan pulled him back and said “Why didn’t you pee your pants instead?”

Josh gave Teagan a confused look so Teagan said “you already peed your pants some you said and besides Zach and I did it so why don’t you do it.”

Josh though Teagan must have been crazy but he also realized he had a point. His shorts where already wet with pee so why not just go. Josh thought about this but his body made the choice as he couldn’t hold it any longer.

Pee flooded in Josh’s shorts and ran down his legs pooling at his feet. He finally finished and thought “I kinda liked that” as he looked at Teagan and Zach. Josh said “This stays between us.” Teagan and Zach nodded.

*004*2020-05-31 20:26

{{On 5/11/2020 at 8:10 PM, Shadowdevil said:

Amazing, Loved this!! It's awesom Zach, Teagan, and Josh peed! What was the inspiration for this story idea?

}}

Actually it was an experience that happened to me. Ofc I add to it but it still was a true event for me.

