Bursting News

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2018-06-05 11:47

“I’m coming to you live from Sand and Surf Outfitters, where police are investigating in the aftermath of an armed robbery,” Jane spoke confidently into the camera. She loved her job as a reporter, even if it was just for a local cable news station in her small town. Nothing exciting ever happened, but on the rare occasions they did, you could count on her to be the first one on the scene. After all, she was well aware that in a small town with multiple news sources, showing up late meant you might as well not show up at all. Competition was fierce and if you weren’t the first to cover it, everyone would already be watching the other channel by the time you got the chance to.

Jane loved her job, but mornings like this made her hate it just a little. When her cameraman, Ethan, gave her the signal that they were no longer rolling, she sighed out in relief and quickly climbed into the passenger side of their news van where she could hold herself in peace. She had been bursting since their drive over from the studio. In fact, her whole morning had been a train wreck. She had woken up late, swearing to herself as she hurriedly hopped out of bed.

She hurriedly put on a white bra and thong set, her white button down, a tight pair of gray slacks, and a black blazer before tossing on a pair of black heels and racing out the door, keys and purse in hand. By the time she got to the studio she was running late, so they had to rush her into hair and makeup. As soon as that was finished, she was being debriefed on the situation at the popular Summer clothing store and hurried into her van as Ethan finished putting the last of the equipment in and then climbed into the driver’s seat. They were almost halfway to the store when Jane realized she’d forgotten to have her morning pee.

That decision continued to haunt her as she sat in the passenger side gripping her crotch and praying her producer, Darren, would give her the all clear to head back to the studio, although she doubted that would happen any time soon. A knock at the window made her jump, causing her to squirt a little into her little white thong. She cursed to herself, knowing the thong would be near useless at absorbing any leaks she may have, but pushed the thought of leaking out of her head. It simply wasn’t an option. When she turned around, she found Ethan waving her out of the vehicle. She took a deep breath to collect herself before removing her hands from her crotch and hopping out of the van.

“What is it Ethan?” She sighed, taking the earpiece he offered her and putting it in, knowing it was a sign she’d likely be back on air soon. “Darren wants you to go back and forth with the anchors in studio for a bit and then do some interviews,” Ethan explained. Jane had to resist the temptation to groan. That would take forever, plus she hated one of the anchors working today. The anchorwoman, Kathy, was a bit of a gossip but seemed nice enough. The anchorman, John, on the other hand, annoyed Jane to immensely. He was arrogant and condescending to no end, and Jane had yet to have a civil conversation with him the entire time they’d worked together unless it was on air for the audiences at home. “Do I have to?” she whined petulantly, knowing Ethan would take the question as the joke it was, as he laughed and told her that yes, yes she did have to.

Soon Jane was back in front of the camera, earpiece firmly in place, and John and Kathy chatting away in her ear. When she heard her cue, she gave her big, cable news smile and determinedly ignored her aching bladder. After what felt like hours of fielding questions from the two in studio anchors, Jane felt a big leak force its way out of her, instantly soaking her thong, forming the tiniest of wet patches on her light gray slacks, and causing her to stutter for a moment.

“You okay there Jane?” John laughed. “Oh, I’m just fine,” she laughed with faux enthusiasm, even though she wanted nothing more than to run and find some place to relieve herself and then go punch John in the face. It only got worse once she started having to interview people as well. Another big leak sprung out as she was interviewing one of the store’s employees, causing the wet patch to grow to a more noticeable size. Ethan was too focused on Jane’s words and getting the perfect shot to realize what was happening, so the camera frame didn’t shift to only show Jane’s upper body. Anyone watching the show who was attentive enough could probably notice it.

Realizing she had to do something to help her hold it, she crossed her legs in what she hoped was a nonchalant manner. It wasn’t long though before she started bouncing just the slightest bit as well. Even as everyone on the news team, except for Jane herself, remained oblivious, viewers back home were starting to notice that something was up with the pretty news reporter who always had the best cleavage and the tightest pants. Jane had never been so desperate before in her life, and not being able to hold herself to try and relieve pressure made it so much worse.

She was aware now that she was squirming and dancing a bit on camera but her need was so bad that she couldn’t care less if she tried. Ethan was starting to notice and get concerned. He began to zoom in the camera to hide her lower body but suddenly Darren’s voice was coming through Ethan’s headset. “Woah, woah why are you changing the shot? We can’t see the store well anymore! Zoom out!” the producer remanded. “Right, sorry sir,” Ethan agreed. He felt bad for Jane but he wasn’t going to risk getting fired for her, so he adjusted the zoom again until Jane’s full body was once more visible.

Jane’s last interview ended up being the one that broke her. She had found a witness to the crime and asked them to detail what they saw, but instead of the direct and concise answer she expected, the interviewee decided to launch into a dramatic retelling of what exactly he had seen. Jane felt her poor, tired urethra throbbing as she started having repeated small leaks, slowly growing the wet patch little by little. Then the little leaks turned into a small stream, marking its path down her legs on her slacks.

When the stream became a little wider, and thus the trail a bit bigger, John noticed on the in studio screen, even though Jane had managed to cut it off shortly afterward. He smirked to himself before asking Jane, “Would you mind asking the interviewee how he felt in what must have been a truly desperate situation? I mean there must have been a feeling of a total loss of control watching an armed robbery unfold, right?” he asked while feigning innocence. Jane wanted to cry as she repeated John’s question. “Oh yeah totally,” the young witness replied, before launching into another exaggerated story of what had happened and how exactly he felt about it.

It was too much for poor Jane, who squirmed slightly where she stood, legs crossed and pressed tightly together. Her grip on the microphone she was having the interviewee speak into was white knuckled and she had to resist a whimper when the dam finally burst. Piss flooded out of her at an alarming rate. The wet patch around her crotch grew large and obvious, reaching up half her ass in back and equally high in front. The stain then spread down her legs and piss began to flood her heels as she continued to wet herself on live television. Her face was flaming red and she could only stare st the camera and try to stutter out excuses but none came.

“I...I...I erm so erm” she tried but her mind had gone blank from the embarrassment of it all. The interviewee was staring at her stunned before leaping away in disgust when he noticed the growing puddle beneath Jane. “I’m just gonna go,” he said awkwardly, before racing to the background. He whispered to a few of the other bystanders before pointing back towards Jane, causing them to turn around and see what he was talking about.

Back in the studio, John was trying very hard not to laugh. He couldn’t stop the grin that stretched over his face as he watched the colleague he hated the most humiliate herself on air. Kathy could be heard saying a quiet “oh my god, just wait until Sharon hears about this,” from her position next to him and John’s smile grew impossibly wider knowing this would be all over the studio before Jane had even returned to the studio.

Eventually, Jane’s flow petered out. She was almost in shock and could only manage a meek, “now back to you all in the studio,” before Ethan cut off the camera with a grimace. “I’m really sorry Jane, you should have told me you had to go!” he apologized. Jane could only sniffle as a sympathetic Ethan escorted her to the van, trying to shield her soaked pants from view of spectators. As they made the drive back, an awkward silence prevailed in the car as Jane sat in her soaked pants and Ethan tried to focus on the road and not the stain on Jane’s pants or the hardening of his member. He opened his mouth to try and reassure her but she cut him off with a glare. She then clambered into the back of the truck to stew in her embarrassment in peace.

Ethan checked the rear view mirror twice to ensure that Jane was paying him no attention. He gulped. Of course he felt bad for the poor thing but watching her soak herself so thoroughly, with a captive audience both there and at home no less, had sent all the blood rushing from his head, which told him this was a horrible idea, to his dick, which was now throbbing painfully in the dark jeans he wore. With one last check that Jane wasn’t paying attention, he took one hand off the wheel and eased it down toward his crotch, squeezing his member. At the contact he immediately had to bite back a moan. When he checked on her again, Jane had moved to the back of the van, headphones in and staring out the back windows. Ethan knew it was the most privacy he was going to get until he left work and going home felt too far away, so he slowly began rubbing himself over his jeans, making a small moan as he did so.

Soon that wasn’t enough, so he deftly used his one hand to unbutton and unzip his jeans before sticking his hand into his white boxer briefs and grabbing a hold of his throbbing member. He jacked himself off slowly, not wanting to get into a car crash just because his coworker had made him incredibly horny, but when traffic kicked in, and the van could only inch forward every so often, he was able to pleasure himself more fully. He hissed out a quiet “fuck” as he began stroking his dick faster, slowing down occasionally just so he could make the sensation last as he pictured Jane’s wetting over and over.

As they reached a stoplight, he heard a hissing noise and the sound of liquid hitting the metal of the van. His eyes shot to the rear mirror to find Jane red faced again, staring out the window even harder if that were possible, as she pissed herself for the second time, creating a new puddle beneath her in the van. The sight tipped Ethan over the edge and with one final stroke and a strangled “Oh god, oh fuck!” he came hard into his underwear and jeans.

Ethan panted hard in the aftermath of his orgasm, Jane oblivious to his actions or even the fact she was the cause of them. Only once the car behind them honked, indicating that the light had gone green without Ethan noticing, did he snap out of his trance, adjust himself in his now somewhat sticky underwear, and drive forward. He wiped the cum he’d gotten on his hand off on the bottom of his seat before zipping his jeans back up and re buttoning them. He then put both hands back on the wheel and pretended nothing out of the ordinary had happened, even though he was now sporting his own, small wet spot for a very different reason than Jane had hers.

When they finally arrived back at the studio, Ethan double checked that the spot on his jeans wasn’t too egregious. Lucky for him, the dark shade of his jeans well hid the evidence of his salacious activities in the van. Jane was not so fortunate and as she got out of the van, slacks still dripping from her second accident, she climbed out expecting ridicule and to promptly be fired. She was right about the ridicule as she noticed the other crew members whispering and giggling amongst themselves, but when she and Ethan approached Darren, who was waiting for them, he was grinning from ear to ear.

“There she is!” He called out merrily, earning Jane more stares and snickering. “Listen I’m really sorry about all this I....” Jane stopped her apology, confused, when Darren raised a hand for her to. “Aren’t you going to fire me?” she asked confused, voice shaky from nerves. “Fire you? I should give you a raise! Your little accident practically doubled our viewership! Great job, Jane,” he laughs. He begins to walk away before he turns back around and while walking backwards calls out “You should do this more often Jane. Great for ratings!” He laughs before turning back around and walking off. “I really do agree Jane, it’s the most interesting thing you’ve contributed to this show,” John laughs snarkily. Ethan says nothing, but in his head he prays to whoever is listening that he’ll get to see Jane give such a spectacular show again.

*004*2018-10-10 17:33

Jane hated her job. She loved being a reporter but she truly hated her job. When her producer had said she should get desperate more often he had meant it. It was good for ratings, which meant the studio loved it and wanted to ride the gimmick for as long as it would interest the audience. Which is how Jane finds herself in tight, very light gray slacks, a low cut white blouse, and black flats chugging down three bottles of water in her dressing room. The studio had given her a very generous raise after that fateful show but with it came the stipulation that she had to be desperate whenever she was on air. Not only that, but whatever she wore had to make it obvious if she were to leak or have a full blown accident.

Ethan, on the other hand, loved his job. He would never admit it but getting to routinely see Jane bursting with desperation was the best thing that had happened to him in his entire professional career. Jane didn’t wet herself every time, in fact it was a poorly kept secret that many of the residents kept betting pools on whether Jane would wet herself or not on a given day. In fact, Jane hadn’t had a full accident since that first time. Despite this, Ethan always ended his work day painfully hard. He had avoided having to relieve that ache while still on the job so far but he still always made sure to wear dark pants just in case.

The story of the day was at a water park of all places. Of course it was. The park was being investigated due to a possible health code violation and so Jane was tasked to talk to both explain the details of the accusations and talk to the owner to get his side of the story. Much to the owner’s dismay, interviewees weren’t permitted to place bets, since they had direct influence on the outcome, but he took solace in the fact that he was likely to witness an accident first hand with all of the rushing water sounds that would be happening in the background.

As they arrived at the park, Jane could already feel that her bladder was filling. “Today’s going to be a long day,” she sighed. She was frankly surprised her bladder was already feeling the pressure until she thought back over her morning. Oh god, she’d been such an idiot. She had been out late the night before grabbing drinks with an old friend of hers who was in town for only a couple days. They’d drank too much for a weeknight and Jane had woken up with a horrible hangover that only copious amounts of coffee could remedy. Jane came to the horrifying realization that the liquid currently entering her bladder probably wasn’t the water at all. It quite probably was all the coffee she’d needed to recover from her night out, the water likely wasn’t to come for awhile.

She cursed her irresponsibility as she already felt the need to fidget slightly while Ethan attempted to get set up so once they went on air sound wouldn’t be drowned out by the water rushing outside the van. Jane wanted to die. She was already feeling it in the quiet safety of the van. Standing in front of the water park with the sounds of water rushing in the background was going to be agony. She delayed getting out of the car for as long as possible until she noticed Ethan waving her outside quickly. She realized she was moments away from going live so she hurried out of the van and into position in front of the park. She had just enough time to straighten out any wrinkles in her blouse before the little red light indicating that they were rolling clicked on.

“We’re live here from the water park in question where concerns about the safety of the park have recently sparked controversy in our small town. Joining me now is the owner of the park, Harold Grayson,”. Jane spoke, gesturing to the man in question. “Tell me about what’s going on Harold,” Jane said turning to the man in question. “I’m glad you asked Jane. The allegations are truly ridiculous. I’ve been running this park for years, no issues. Now suddenly everyone is up in arms. Here, let me show you the areas that are supposedly hazardous,” the owner declared before quickly marching off deeper into the park. Jane cursed under her breath then quickly went to follow. They soon reached a small whirlpool area. The rushing water caused a surge in Jane’s bladder and her minor discomfort escalated to a concerning level. At this rate she’d Barkley manage to even get halfway through the interview, let alone last the whole thing with her dignity in tact.

Ethan noted the brief look of concern that flashed across Jane’s face. “Interesting,” he thought, “she’s more uncomfortable than she usually is this early on,”. His dick twitched in anticipation. The owner continued to rant about how slanderous the accusations were as Jane attempted to subtly cross her legs. Of course everyone watching knew what that meant and many at home were eager to see if they would finally see something of the same scale as that first accident.

Soon poor Jane had to scamper off again as the owner moved to another part of the park to try and further prove his point. This particular section was in front of one of those giant buckets of water that would slowly fill only to suddenly dump its contents out all in a rush. Jane’s bladder could relate. As the bucket slowly filled, desperation increased. The sound of the water gushing out of the faucet above the bucket was absolute torture and it wasn’t long before, much to the amusement of everyone watching, Jane was noticeably squirming in place. Jane bit her lip as the owner continued to talk.

When the owner finally stopped speaking, the bucket tipped over and water came crashing down over the other structures of the waterfall. Jane was trembling, hopping from foot to foot the slightest bit, thighs pressed firmly together, and squirming as if her life depended on it. Her segment here was nowhere near done and she already was fit to burst. As the sound died down Jane knew this was supposed to be the moment where she asked questions but when she opened her mouth to do just that all that came out was a moan as she suddenly doubled over, firmly shoving her hands into her crotch to try and stop what was already inevitable at this point.

The owner watched in amused fascination as a hissing sound echoed and Jane’s slacks turned dark. Her stream seemed to last forever and left a puddle beneath her. When her flow finally ended and Jane was panting just slightly from the effort of the hold and subsequent release, the owner finally looked at her with a slight smirk on his face and said “Shall we continue with the interview now?”

Jane’s head snapped up to meet his gaze, her face redder than a tomato, and gave a stiff nod. She straightened up and continued the interview, stuttering slightly as she tried to stave off the utter humiliation and the panic caused by the realization that her relief was short lived as the water she’d been forced to drink at the studio started to fill her only recently emptied bladder.

She managed to finish the interview in only mild discomfort but, unfortunately, the segment wasn’t over. She was now supposed to talk to the parents visiting the park with their kids to see why they’d chosen to continue coming despite the health and safety concerns. Every interview she initiated she saw the parents’ eyes dart down to her soaked crotch and then back up to her eyes. One mom had even recommended diapers, much to Jane’s chagrin.

Her bladder had once again reached a point of desperation as she began to interview a single father who was there with his young children. She couldn’t help but fidget where she stood as her need increased, despite her desire to try and keep things underwraps, los the to wet herself twice on camera in one day. The father paused midsentence to ask “Again?” and Jane’s cheeks flared impossibly red. “Why don’t you tell us why you’re unbothered by the safety concerns,” Jane responded, choosing to ignore the question entirely. As the father began to explain, Jane began to contemplate her options. Since her pants were already soaked, perhaps she could get away with releasing a little bit out into her pants without anyone noticing. To test out her theory she released the tiniest squirt, only to realize that the interviewee was indeed none the wiser. Confident in this new approach she let out another small spurt as she asked a follow up question.

As Jane moved on to her final interviewer and began asking the questions she had before she felt the pressure mounting again, seemingly 10 fold of what it was before. Fearful of this sudden pressure she immediately attempted to release a small amount into her already wet pants. The pressure eased as her small leak soaked into the already damp fabric but Jane was horrified to realize that she couldn’t clamp off the flow. She kept trying futilely, trying to take solace that hopefully no one could tell but as her bladder concluded that it no longer was satisfied with smaller respites, it unleashed its full fury. Another hissing sound could be heard and soon the already large wet spot was growing once again and a new puddle was forming at her feet. The interviewee tried to hold it back but a snicker still slipped past as Jane soaked herself for the second time in as many hours. “And back to you all in the studio,” Jane concluded morosely, in complete disbelief of her luck.

Ethan was simultaneously in heaven and hell. His hard on was downright painful in his pants and as soon as he could he slyly moved the camera to cover the crotch in his pants where an obviously bulge must surely be visible. “Your change of clothes is in the back,” he told Jane somewhat breathlessly. He scrambled into the car and closed firmly the privacy wall that the station had installed in he and Jane’s van so she could change after segments. As Jane tried to save her wounded pride in the back of the van, Ethan hurriedly unzipped his pants. He was incredibly thankful that he had chosen a deserted part of the parking lot in the very back to park in, under the guise of ensuring maximum privacy for Jane.

He quickly yanked down his jeans, uncaring of the possibility of a mess, and shoved his hands into his boxer briefs. He felt no need to make things last, he desperately craved release, knowing he could take his time later tonight. He quickly moved his hand up and down his hard length until he was biting back a cry of pleasure and spilling into his underwear. Luckily it was contained into his briefs so he quickly pulled his jeans back on and then buckled his seat belt, no one the wiser to his lewd actions as he pulled out of the parking lot.

Ethan really loved his job.

*006*2019-04-17 02:20

Jane stepped out of her car, thermos in one hand, and locked it behind her. She quickly knocked back the rest of the coffee, her third of the morning, and quickly made her way into the building. A very harried Darren raced up to her but before he could say anything Jane just sighed and held up a hand to stop him. “I know I’m late Darren. Save the lecture. I drank three coffees this morning so you’ll still get your little show.” she said as she rolled her eyes. “You already drank? Oh lord” Darren sighed. Jane frowned in confusion. “Is that not what you wanted?” Jane said. “It is usually but not today! Kathy is out sick. I need you to act as anchorwoman today! Those seats are too nice for you to be pissing all over!” Darren groaned frustrated.

Ethan couldn’t help but overhear the conversation. He had heard the plan to have Jane step in as anchorwoman and resolved to having a boring workday but in this moment he saw an opportunity. He joined Jane and Darren and cleared his throat. “Well I think Sharon’s daughter is at potty training age. She may have diapers in her car.” Jane scowled while Darren’s face lit up. “You are a genius Ethan!” Darren crowed before racing off to find Sharon.

”Why would you tell him that? He’s going to make me wear a diaper now!” Jane scolded. “It is better that than you having an accident at his precious anchor desk. He’d make you pay for the clean up.” Ethan pointed out. Jane sighed and conceded that he had a point. “Does not mean I have to like it” she pouted.

Soon she found herself sitting in a dressing room. She wore only her black blouse. Her panties lay on the counter nearby and in her hands she held a juvenile pull up, covered in butterflies. Darren’s word’s echo in her head. “The butterflies disappear when you use the diaper. Since John is your co anchor he will check during breaks. If he notices anything he’ll signal to Ethan, who will grab you a new diaper.”

Jane was about to try and squeeze a quick to bathroom trip in when an intern began pounding at the door to announce that they were going on air soon. She groaned one last time before pulling on the offending garment and then putting her skirt back on. As she walked over to the anchor’s desk, John smirked at her. “I really don’t see the point of wearing that skirt when I’m going to be checking the little baby hasn’t had an accident every commercial break” he teased her. “You’re such a prick” Jane huffed. “I actually think he has a point. Lose the skirt!” Darren declares. Jane blushes but does as told. As she sits down in her seat next to a smirking John, her bladder already feels uncomfortably full.

Things get a little easier when Darren leaves for a meeting and they start airing. Being anchor gives Jane plenty of distraction for awhile but soon her bladder is no longer content to be silent and starts making it very known to Jane that it would like to be released. Jane sneaks one hand below the desk to hold herself but the thick padding of the diaper makes the action almost entirely ineffective. John smirks to himself. When the first break comes Jane immediately starts to rise but John quickly pulls her back down. “No time for bathroom breaks between takes,” he tells her smugly. Jane moans and squirms in her seat in earnest. “If you don’t mind I need to do some vocal exercises now” John told her. The glare Jane gave him as she brought her other hand to her crotch and began rocking told John that she did mind, but he didn’t care. He began to make hissing noises at various pitches, causing Jane to groan and squeeze herself even tighter to hold back the flood.

Suddenly she hears the countdown to live. She quickly looks up and brings both hands above the table but her face goes pale as a hissing noise rings out. The sound has grown familiar to Jane at this point, but what is new is the thudding, pattering sound of her stream violently the material of the diaper. She stutters her way through it but the combination of relief and humiliation washing over her face is one that viewers have grown quite familiar with. If the look on her face wasn’t evidence enough, the notable lack of fidgeting from her confirmed that Jane had once again wet herself.

As the segment continued Jane took solace in one thing, that the diaper at least meant that none of the viewers would get visible confirmation, unlike her previous incidents, or so she thought. “We now will take questions from you, our viewers, on any aspect of our broadcast so far” John said. Immediately the phone began to ring, John hit the button to answer and the voice of two snickering teenage boys plays over the in house speakers. One of the boys manages to control his giggling long enough to ask “Did Jane just wet herself?” Jane flushes scarlet red as John’s grin broadens. “Yes, yes she did!” he merrily replies. Jane quickly reaches over and presses the button to end the call. “Ok next question!” she hurriedly says.

Unfortunately for her, the next question was no better. A grumpy old man came on the line next. “My tax money pays for this show and it should not be going into new upholstery for your chairs and carpet because one of your anchors can’t control herself!” he complained. “Don’t worry sir. Jane is just filling in for a sick colleague, and we’ve put her in protection to make sure her lack of control doesn’t cause any damage.” John merrily responded. Jane was mortified and hissed for him to shut up but he ignored her. When the old man asked what kind of protections john was referring to, John was all too happy to announce that Jane was in diapers.

When the segment finally ended and the commercial break finally started, Jane dramatically dropped her head onto the table. “Why?” she groaned. “Because it’s fun. Now, Ethan! I think our girl here needs a change” John laughs. Ethan blushes but hurriedly comes over with a fresh pull up. Jane goes to leave but John stops her again. “No time for that. You’ll just have to change here. Don’t worry Ethan will take your dirty diaper,” he jeered. Jane wanted to protest but Ethan quickly intervened. “I’m sorry Jane but he has a point” he told her gently.

John openly leered as Jane sighed and began to remove the pull up beneath the desk. Ethan pretended not to be interested but inside his filled with all sorts of perverse thoughts. He watched covertly as Jane’s sex was revealed to him. He handed her the new pull up, taking the old one, and pretended not to be absolutely fixated with the whole process. He could feel himself growing painfully hard in his jeans. Although Jane was too focused on putting on the pull up with minimal embarrassment, Ethan knew John was aware of his arousal when John smirked at him. Ethan cleared his throat and quickly left.

He could hear the crew counting back down to the end of the break but only faintly. He had caught a glimpse of Jane’s most private area and even had proof of her lack of bladder control in his very hands. He rushed into a dressing room as fast as he could without drawing attention to himself and then closed and locked the door. He quickly shucked off his jeans and boxers then began to stroke himself earnestly. He leaned on the wall for support as he desperately pulled on his aching member in search of his climax. It only took picturing the look on Jane’s face that had become so familiar to him when she loses control for him to splatter his release on the wall in front of him.

He took a moment to catch his breath and clean the wall off before he put his clothes back on. He stepped back out to the main area only to be immediately greeted by an intern. “There you are! We’ve been looking for you! Jane needs another diaper again,”.

This job would be the death of Ethan but he wasn’t complaining.

*008*2019-04-22 19:42

Jane stood trembling, legs crossed, voice stuttering to get through an interview. One would think Jane would have gotten used to this kind of humiliating treatment by now but the embarrassment would always be there. “Oh god,” she groans as suddenly the dam bursts and piss goes flooding down her legs, turning her gray slacks dark and forming a puddle around her. Ethan winces behind the camera in sympathy but his dick twitches in his pants in anticipation. It had been a couple months since Jane’s first accident and after each one Ethan would find the time to sneak away and jerk himself off to the sight of her.

Today would be no different as he watched the piss cascading down her legs. When her flow stopped and when she finally finished the interview, Ethan shut down the camera. They were outside a small boutique store doing a piece on small business owners. There was one more store they needed to hit before they got home but owner of the store, a kind older woman, had offered to let Jane inside to pick a new outfit to change into.

“Do you mind Ethan? I may be awhile,” Jane asked. “Not at all! I’m sure that’ll be better than staying in what you’re wearing. I’ll wait in the van.” he responded. Jane gave him a grateful smile and then followed to woman inside. Ethan meanwhile all but raced to their news van. He quickly climbed into the back and put the gear away. Moments to get off immediately after Jane’s accidents were rare so Ethan wanted to take full advantage. He hurried removed his black shirt, yanked his blue jeans down to his thighs, and then pulled his gray boxers down just enough to free his rock hard erection.

He already felt so sensitive as he wrapped his hand around his stiff member and began stroking up and down. He let himself moan without abandon, for the first time not having to worry about staying quiet so Jane wouldn’t find out. He suddenly got an idea. He quickly fumbled for the remote to one of the small monitors inside the van meant for reviewing film. He quickly selected one of the clips of Jane stored in the hardrive and let it play. His eyes stayed fixated to the screen as he pumped himself harder and harder until finally he came on himself with a shout, his cum landing all over his chest.

It is at that exact moment that Jane opens the back of the van. She pauses, looking stunned and Ethan is frozen in shock. Jane stares at Ethan, chest covered in his own climax, pants around his thighs, boxers down, and dick still in hand. Her eyes then slide over to the monitor where the clip of her wetting is still playing. Her eyes meet Ethan’s once more. He looks terrified. She slowly steps into the van and then closes the doors behind her. “So you think all this is hot, do you?” she says, a quiet anger underlying her tone. Ethan tried to stutter out an answer but Jane cuts him off. “If you think it’s so hot then maybe you should be the one to get desperate,” she says. She then proceeds to throw him a towel and three water bottles. “Clean up and drink these three down before I file a sexual harassment suit,” she says before climbing into the front passenger seat of the van.

Ethan scrambles to obey, quickly wiping off his chest with the towel provided. He then put his shirt back on, pulled back up his jeans and boxers, and turned off the monitor. “I’m sorry I....” he starts but Jane cuts him off again. “Drink.” she commands and Ethan immediately obeys. Jane couldn’t lie, it was really exciting flipping the tables and ordering someone else around. As soon as Ethan was done drinking she made him climb back into the front seat so they could drive to the last store they were meant to.

Jane had to admit she was a little disappointed when Ethan appeared to be doing just fine even once they got to the new location and resumed filming. It wasn’t until interviewing the third customer that had walked out of the store that Jane realized not all was right. Ethan looked more tense than usual and when she let her eyes wander lower she could tell that his legs were trembling a little. She realized then that the whole point of Ethan’s job was to keep the camera steady. All the time she had been desperate she could dance around and squirm as she pleased. It was embarrassing but possible. Poor Ethan did not have that same luxury. He couldn’t dance around or really move anything much at risk of messing up the shot. By the time Jane had gotten around to her last interview with the owner she could see sweat beading up on Ethan’s brow.

She felt her panties getting damp for a very different reason than usual. Ethan was a strong, tall man and yet there he was with his legs trembling trying to remain stoic, all because that’s what Jane wanted of him. She intentionally dragged the interview out a little longer and was almost disappointed when she realized she had run out of relevant questions and needs to end the interview. Ethan cut off the camera and Jane thanked the owner for their time. When she turned to look back at him she was shocked to see he had a death grip on the camera and soon a dark spot started to form. Jane watched in awe until Ethan managed to regain control and the spot stopped around the size of a softball. He quickly made his way around to the van and Jane followed almost mistificad. “H...help me open the door,” he panted. Jane quickly obliged.

The minute he had put the heavy camera down both of Ethan’s hands flew down to squeeze his dick. He quickly crossed his legs and began bouncing in place. “Do you need me to drive?” Jane asked. He quickly nodded and so Jane hopped into the driver seat and waited for him to make his way to the passenger side.

As Jane drives her gaze constantly flicks back and forth between the road and her desperate companion. He’s now breathing somewhat heavily, an iron grip on his throbbing cock through his jeans. “Hurry Jane please,” he begs as he crosses one leg over the other. He’s once again holding himself tightly with both hand while he squirms in the seat. When they pull on to the highway Jane quickly navigates into the fast lane and steps on it, trying to get Ethan back to the studio faster.

Soon, though, they run into traffic and they come to a standstill. Ethan groans. “I’m sorry Ethan I shouldn’t have made you drink all that water,” Jane apologizes. “I guess it’s what I deserve,” he chuckles wryly. “I mean still. I guess I get it now,” Jane admits blushing. Ethan looks at her stunned before wincing as he feels himself spurt into his boxers again.

For awhile they sit in silence. The only sound is the engine idling and Ethan’s heavy breathing. His legs are uncrossed now but he still has a death grip on his member. Suddenly Jane hears a whimper and a hissing noise. Her gaze immediately snaps to Ethan’s crotch where are wet spot is rapidly forming. Ethan’s face flushed red, a mixture of relief and embarrassment washing over him as he empties his poor exhausted bladder into his pants. By the time he’s finished there’s a huge wet spot and he’s sitting in a puddle.

Without even thinking or removing her eyes from Ethan’s crotch Jane reaches one hand to grab the one Ethan still had on his member over his jeans. With her other hand she deftly unbuttons And then unzips her own slacks then brings Ethan’s hand towards her. She locks eyes with him, silently asking for permission and when he breathlessly nods she puts his hand down her pants. Ethan gladly takes it from there as Jane puts both her own hands back on the wheel. Ethan slowly rubs her clit causing her to bite her lip. He then brings his hand lower and she gasps as two of his fingers make their way inside her.

He makes sure to be slow since they’re still on the highway but the minute they move back on to smaller roads with lower speed limits, Ethan picks up the pace. Suddenly, to his surprise, Jane swerves into a parking lot. She then begins to eagerly rock her hips to the rhythm Ethan’s created with his fingers. He takes that as an invitation to speed up and begins to eagerly finger fuck her until she’s eagerly moaning his name and begging him to go harder and faster. Eventually with one final cry she cums around his fingers. When she catches her breath she turns to look at him.

“Do you want to come to my place after work?”

