The Most Desperate Day Ever

Author: Accidentz

*000*2017-08-28 06:14

This story is original, entirely ficticious and dramatized. I dont intend to do anything like this in real life for the safety of a human's urinary system, made for enjoyment purposes only. Im not that great at writing, i try my best so here it is...

Me and my girlfriend love pee. We are the biggest pee freaks ever. We love drinking each others pee. Sex is soaking wet wild fun every single time. We wear diapers to sleep and long car rides cause its adorable to be able to change each other. But the most fun we have with pee is of course holding it and being desperate together. We constantly clean messes allover the house all the time and just don't care, since it's just me and her in the house. We held pee so much we became pros at it, and with enough practice we were able to get as equally desperate and last a long time.

So one day we decided to hold our steel bladders as long as humanly possible to see how much we can pee at once. We drank the same amount of water and went to sleep later that night. Waking up in the middle of the night needing to pee we kept disregarding our need and went back to sleep.

When we woke up we were feeling that throbbing morning fullness. But we definately werent gonna pee any time soon, and our bladders were getting ready for a long, long day ahead. We made breakfast and drank 3 cups of coffee and 2 cups of orange juice each. After breakfast our desperation was growing pretty bad. We decided to have a bit of 'fun' and I must say it kind of made it a bit worse. My girlfriend squirted a few times and i had let out a few squirts to remain equally desperate. My bladder started throbbing again and so did hers so we decided to sit and cuddle up together and watch Netflix to get our minds off this full throbbing pain.

About an hour later our needs to pee dropped for some reason. I guess our bladders stretched out that much and we got used to the pressure. Still needing to go just as bad, we decided to keep drinking more water to keep filling, continuing to binge watch episodes on Netflix for the rest of the afternoon.

Pretty soon, the desperation made an alarming comeback on both of us. My bladder was aching horribly and my girlfriend started squirming hard, crossing, squeezing her legs and moaning and it made me start doing the same. She said "its getting sooo bad omg" and i replied "i know babe but we can do this" both shaking and moaning together. Then, I felt myself spurt a leak. "Oh no" i said "i'm starting to leak!" i was on the verge of crying. Then it made my girlfriend leak too. Now we both had big wet spots on our skinny jeans.

Then, I had an idea. We smoked some weed to dull the pain and it worked. We pretty much forgot about our desperation and stopped bouncing around like mad. We were very calm and hardly felt any pressure at all. So we continued to watch Netflix and shortly after, started to get hungry. I didn't feel like making food so we ordered delivery. While eating we ended up drinking 2 liters of soda each and a bunch of more water afterwards, totally forgetting about our need to pee.

The desperation came back worse than ever before. We broke a new record today of the longest hold we have ever done. We started moaning squirming and shaking again so we smoked some more weed. But this time, it didn't help much. We were so full and desperate at this point nothing could ease the pain. We started sweating and crying from being in so much pain. My girlfriend panting and moaning said "I.. I.. I dont know... How much longer... I can... Ugghh.. Hold this..." And i said "me too... Babe... Ugghhh... It hurts ughhh... So... So much".

Facing each other still shaking and bouncing around to control the leaks, big spurts began to come out of both of us. And this time our bladders were giving us that 'final stand' feeling like they were ready to fully give out. We stripped naked for the extra fun. Taking off our clothes was not easy. We literally had to undress each other so neither of us lost control. Now standing in our room both totally naked, we were bouncing and dancing around, moaning and holding our crotches for a good 10 minutes. Then both hands rammed into our crotches for another 10 minutes, still moaning and doing violent pee dances. Then, we both spurted, and stopped pee dancing, realizing that no more movements or holding will help resist the insane pressure behind our peeholes.

Still facing each other naked, our legs were quivering, almost buckling, both crying and panting in pain. Pee now dripping out my hands while holding myself i said "i.. I.. I think this is it... Im.. Imma.. Im about to lose it... any second...". My girlfriend, also holding herself with pee dripping out her hands said "me too... Its.. Its coming... Its coming out..." About less than a minute later, it finally happened. Simultaneously, we both felt our bladders give one BIG push beyond our physical control and the pipes bursted!!! Our streams were shooting at us like a powerwash hose!!! We were both SCREAMING in pleasure, peeing this insane power stream at each other for at least 5 minutes, maybe 7!!! It literally felt like a 5 minute long orgasm!!! We didn't know when it would end! Finally, our streams died down and we were done.

Now empty and VERY sore, the damage was incredible. All the walls were soaking wet, the ceiling dripping from every square inch, and the floor... Forget it. It was so deeply flooded I had to get a pool hose and siphon the water up and out of the house. But we didnt care. The cleanup was worth it. That was a feeling we never felt before. We went to bed absolutely exhausted. Our lower bellies hurt so bad from the pain of holding and we were rubbing our bellies while drifting off to sleep. The next morning we woke up with a soaking wet bed, and we wore diapers for the next 2 days. Our bladders were so worn out from the other night, we both kept having accidents like nothing. Thankfully, it went back to normal after a couple days. That was fun, but we would never reach that point of desperation again!

Hope you enjoyed my story, thanks for reading!

*002*2017-09-04 22:46

{{On 8/29/2017 at 0:36 PM, wedgeantilles said:

Thank you for the story, I enjoyed it!

}}

Thanks. It sucks how no one else paid attention to this...

