My headcanons for the Akatsuki Males

Author: ArgonCaptor

*000*2016-08-11 13:57

1. Pain

Pain would never use the bathroom if the others are up, thus meaning he have had some close calls, he has capacity to hold himself for 1 day from morning to bedtime, he thinks to use the bathroom is a sign of weakness, though konan has tried convince him about it. He still is stubborn like all hell. If pain gets desperate infront of the other he will say he is just cold or something. He does not grab himself unless he is covered by something.

2. Deidara

Deidara is the more feminine guy in Akatsuki, he would try discretely to hide his need, in fear of losing respect. Deidaras bladder capacity would be to hold himself 5 hours. However he gets a bit whiny when he needs to go badly, he will discretely tell someone that he needs to go, but he gets easily embarassed. Normally he will make sure he goes before a mission but sometimes he can't leading him to get alot of close calls during a mission because he wants to get done .

3. Tobi

Tobi when he is in his childish mode he would openly yell he needs to go to the bathroom, as his childish self he can't hold it more than 2-3 hours, he childishly jumps around and dances like a small child, however as obito he is more discreet and will hardly show any signs of desperation, he will only show it if its an emergency however he still has a weak bladder 3-4 hours is the maximum

4. Hidan

$$

Hidan might be the one in akatsuki with best control on his bladder, he has a capacity to hold himself for 1 and a half day, when he gets desperate he will laugh it off then say he has some prayers to Jashin and walk away calmly,but when he is out of sight he would run to the closest bathroom.

5. Itachi Uchiha

$$

Itachi is that type of person who just disappear when he needs bathroom, due to his illness he has a weak bladder and can only hold on for 2 hours, this have caused alot of close calls and a few accidents. During mission he will have trouble, since he is paired up with someone, so he usually tells kisame when he needs to go.

6. Kisame

$$

Kisame does not mind wetting himself due to the fact he uses alot of water jutsus he can blame that, however he prefers not to, so of he gets desperate he might as well jump out in water, he has a strong bladder and is able to hold himself for 15 hours, When paired up with Itachi he prefers waiting until itachi has to go.

7. Sasori

$$

Sasori prefers to not tell anyone that he needs to go, He usually just leaves without telling someone, he has a bladder capacity of holding himself 4 hours, however when he is working on his puppets he forgets to use the bathroom this has caused him alot of accidents and close calls.

8. Kakuzu

$$

Kakuzu has a weakned bladder due to his age so he tries to use the bathroom when he feels like he have too, but sometimes he cant and he starts moving his left leg whenever he feels the twinge. He has a bladder capacity of holding for 2 hours but he had some accidents and close calls many times

///I wont add zetsu

