Shauna from Pokémon omorashi

Author: animepee1234

*000*2017-08-14 17:59

Shauna got up one morning put on her clothes and went out. When she arrived in Lumiose city she saw a poster that read "pokemon beauty contest" she emedietly sighened up right away but then to her surprise she saw Serrina,Ash,Bonne walking down then Serrina ran over and sighted up as well. Serrina then said "good luck tomorrow". Shauna nodded and went home to get ready.

(4 hours later)

Shauna finally got ready and thought "I should probably drink some water before I go" She grabbed some water chugged it and ran to the competition. When she arrived at the competition they said she would go 18th she went to the waiting area and waited. After thirty minutes she her bladder started to become full she thought she could just wait because she only has one chance if she's late no redoes, so she held it in another thirty minutes passed by and they were on number seventeen but she really needed to pee but she was next.

Then they called number eighteen she got up then then she yelled "EEP!" People looked at her and she looked down and noticed a wet spot. She ran to the stage. She called out Flabébé and began. Then she remembered she had to jump and spin along with Flabébé so she did so the screamed "AHHHHH" she fell on the ground holding her crotch and then started to tear up and a hot puddle of pee appeared around her and she couldn't believe she peed herself. Everyone strayed to laugh she ran off the stage and went into the bathroom to change.

Bonus Story: Shauna woke up one night needing to use the bathroom badly. The thing was she was scared to go out in the dark. She grabbed a light and went out into the hallway to find the bathroom. Then the flashlight shut off and, she she froze the light turned back on and saw a ghost and she screamed fell to the ground and started to wet herself and she started to cry. Then she woke up noticing it was morning she sighed in relief she turned over and noticed a wetness coming from the bed. The Ash came in with the gang and said "Shauna get up!" He pulled the covers off and Shauna blushed. A huge wet spot of pee was on the bed. Shauna wet the bed.

