Hetlian: a world of fantasy and omorashi

Author: Aquamin

*000*2020-01-26 00:47

It is a common rumour among those seeking to become guardians of the queen that the trials you must face will test everything about you. Physical strength, mental fortitude and stamina are things to be expected when you are training to guard the most important woman in the realm. What Sierra, cadet 1st class of the Royal College of warfare, did not expect was a test of bladder strength. When she had summoned by Lillith, Captain-General of the royal guard and a baroness, for a one on one lesson she assumed it would be the usual tests. Some intense sparring practice followed by an exam on what she learned during her time at the college. but what she found in the barren, stone-floored training hall surprised her. Lillith stood naked in the middle of the room, pale sunlight pouring down on her from the stained glass window high above them.

Sierra's face turned blood red, and she averted her eyes to the window high above. "My lady, please accept my apologies" Sierra stammered embarrassed for seeing her leader in such a state of undress. "I had no idea that you were not ready for my arrival and will quickly leave if you wish." Sierra prepared herself to be harshly disciplined for her apparent mistake, but, strangely, it never came. "Cadet Sierra, you have done no wrong, lower your head." Sierra swore she must have heard that order wrong "But my lady, you are in no clothes." She heard Lillith come closer, but she would not dare look to see how close. "Cadet, I am supposed to be naked, so look at me. Besides, if you can't bring yourself to look at another woman's naked body, could you bring yourself to cut down a criminal?"

Sierra swallowed and lowered her head. "My lady I am prepared to do anything in my service to the crown, I did not know that any test would involve you being naked." Sierra's cheeks were on fire as she laid eyes on Lillith's body for the first time proper, last time was only a short glance at Lillith before her gaze went skyward. The 28-year-old captain trained more than she slept, and the results could easily be noticed. Her 5,7 figure was lean and muscular, with a 6 pack many bodybuilders would kill for.

Her dark blonde hair reached down to the small of her back, although Lillith often wore it in a ponytail when on duty. Her pearl green eyes were both beautiful and welcoming to her friends and piercing and menacing to her enemies. Her voluptuous C cup breasts had drawn the eyes of many nobles over the years, but, they were wise to keep such thoughts to themselves after what happened during the new season's dance. Finally, her attention was brought to Lillith's crotch. Her most secret area was hidden from Sierra's view by a large tuft of messily kept hair of the same colour as that on Lillith's head.

"Ahem." Lillith's cough snapped Sierra out of her daze, and she quickly came to attention. "Apologies my Lady," she said, quickly spreading her legs and clasping her hands behind her back "Cadet Sierra Leronious reporting as summoned." Lillith nodded in response "Very good cadet, at ease" she ordered. Sierra relaxed her stance but still stayed on her toes, you never knew what these tests would involve.

"You have been summoned here for a very special test today cadet, one that will test two attributes you never would have guessed would be something tested. Please take a guess as to what they are." Sierra glanced around, looking for anything in the room that might help her infer the nature of the tests. In the centre of the circular room, marked by an ornate pattern of great complexity, sat two covered jars. There was nothing special about them, no design or engraving on them, they could be empty for all she knew. Her eyes darted around, no sword racks, target dummies, bows and arrows or muskets. The room was as bare as Lillith's body.

"My lady, I see no combat training gear nor any material for study. Are we learning hand-to-hand combat?. Captain Annya gave us our advanced lessons two weeks ago" Lillith shook her head "A good guess cadet, but we shall not be doing unarmed training today. What we shall be doing is something you might think unorthodox, even bizarre." Sierra took in a deep breath "My lady, I am willing to do anything in my training, no matter how odd it may be" she declared loud and proud. Lillith smiled "A good attitude to have cadet; especially for one seeking to become a royal guard." Sierra was glowing at the praise she received "Thank you, my lady, I will do whatever you order." Lillith turned on her heels and strode over to the mysterious jars, beckoning Sierra to follow her. She motioned for Sierra to look into the jars, which she promptly did. Inside, reflecting the sunlight seeping in from above, was 800ml of water.

"2 jars, 1600 millilitres of the finest water in the land, purified to perfection by the royal mages and exactly 3 degrees Celsius" stated Lillith. Sierra was puzzled, why did she need this? "My lady, forgive me, but I do not understand. Is this water to pour over me as a test of my resistance to the cold or to bath in?" Lillith waved her hand "Neither cadet; they are to drink." Sierra was left with no answer and even more questions. "My lady I don't get it, I make it a priority to be properly hydrated, and this looks a little bit excessive. I would not drink such a large amount before going on duty because it would cause a mighty need to relieve myself." Lillith clapped slowly "And its precisely that urge we are going to fight today; for 2 and a half hours you must hold your urine."

TOO BE CONTINUED

After finishing Love can bloom from wet shorts (More Madison and Annie will be coming later), I was a bit lost on what to write next. I looked at my ALOA work and decided that the Tennessee story was shit so I had it deleted (The full story will be coming soon, sorry for making you guys wait so long for more shipgirl omo) and am going to rework it. While browsing omo art on Gelbooru, thinking about how I was gonna write the continuation to the ALOA, I came across some art by Dodomesu (https://gelbooru.com/index.php?page=post&s=view&id=4662823&tags=dodomesu

%https://gelbooru.com/index.php?page=post&s=view&id=4664017&tags=dodomesu

%https://gelbooru.com/index.php?page=post&s=view&id=4667945&tags=dodomesu

) which inspired me to create some fantasy omorashi. This series of stories I plan to stretch across various fantasy races and jobs (eg Elves and Humans Barmaids and Royal guards). I have made up some of the names and created a little world in my head (hence why Lillith is spelt with two l's) where this is set which I hope to flush out throughout the story. I hope you guys enjoy this first part. CIAO.

*003*2020-01-27 01:32

Sierra had heard many things throughout her training to become a Royal Guardian, but what Lillith just said had taken the metaphorical cake. While the nature of these trials could be unpredictable, a holding challenge was something the cadet had never even dreamt of happening. Having a strong bladder was a useful thing to have for any guard, they would be required to go many hours without relieving themselves, but Sierra did expect such a thing to be brought up in an official capacity. A remark about the importance of holding one's waters in lectures or even some advice on how to better cope with a swollen bladder, sure that would be normal. But to have an actual holding challenge as part of her official training was something she would dismiss as a bad joke had it come from one of her fellow cadets. But alas this was no joke; it came directly from the lips of the captain-general.

Regardless of whom it came from, Sierra was still dumbfounded. "My lady, surely I must have heard you wrong; you want me to hold my urine?" she questioned. Lillith shook her head " No cadet, despite how absurd it may sound you are going to hold your waters" she replied, her voice calm and collected. Sierra still looked a bit confused "Do you want the official or unofficial explanation, cadet?" she asked. "Both please, my lady."

"Well, the official explanation is that all of the royal guards must undergo a mandatory 2-hour holding session, or longer if they wish. This is to improve discipline while in a state of desperation, to see if the guard in question needs to work on their holding ability, and finally to see how individuals react to a mighty need to use the bathroom."

Sierra pondered for a moment on what Lillith had told her. "It makes sense to me now, my lady; but what is the unofficial explanation?"

Lillith looked the cadet straight in the eyes her piercing stare was unnerving at the best of times and downright frightening at worse. "Cadet Sierra, what I am going to tell you must not go beyond this room; any discussion of it is strictly forbidden to any other cadets. You may discuss this event with instructors, but you must not even mention what this test entails to any of your fellow cadets. Do I make myself clear?"

With such a stern voice and razor-sharp glare, how could she not be clear thought Sierra "Perfectly clear my lady." Lillith nodded in acknowledgement and cleared her throat.

"The Queen has, shall we say, an interest in women having a full bladder. She enjoys it when a girl either makes it to the chamber pot just in time or wees herself where she stands, on purpose or accidental. As royal guardians, we are oath sworn to fulfil every need of the Queen, just like her handmaidens and other close servants. Five weeks ago, she approached me with a request: all of the female guardians must attend a banquet in honour of their service. At the banquet, she explained her "kink" as she called it to us all and asked that we indulge her fantasies. She didn't order us to do it; she asked us as equals. It gave me a hint of pride to see not one of us refuse. Her Majesty wept tears of joy as we down glass after glass in unison."

Sierra listened in awe at the tale Lillith told her. Not one woman made it out of the private dining chamber dry. The Queen herself had joined in the wet shenanigans and peed in her flowing green dress 3 times before the night was done. Lillith, in particular, was a star of the very wet show; her contest vs knight-sergeant Lyandra was quite a spectacle. The two women held their waters while staying perfectly still while remarking about how desperate the other must be. It ended with Lyandra in a large puddle of her making, her clothes utterly ruined by the sheer volume of urine.

"And where did you let your water's flow, my lady," Sierra asked, a hint of excitement in her voice. Lillith had a lewd smile on her face as she answered. " Lyandra was left quite aroused by the relieving experience and begged me to do it on her."

"SHE WHAT!!?"

"Lower your voice cadet" snapped Lillith."I am sorry my lady; please continue." apologised Sierra, hanging her head in shame. "As I was saying" continued Lillith "I did my business upon her; then, like many others that night, we had sex in our puddles." Sierra bristled with embarrassment but held her tongue. "For 8 hours it was nought but piss, sex, and making merry; oh what a wonderful evening. Anyway, the next morning we were all summoned again to see her Majesty. At the request of the Queen, all female royal guardians who are willing to do so of their own will provide sexual favours to the queen. The primary focus of these favours will, of course, be urine related; but sexual encounters will also occur."

Sierra's face was on fire as she processed what Lillith had told her. Her private regions grew slightly wet as she imagined what the Queen must look like exposed. She was already a paragon of beauty when draped in her regal attire, the thought of what lay underneath made Sierra's head spin. The months of learning staunch discipline paid off as she forced herself out of a hormone-filled stupor. "I assume that the unnamed second aspect of this trial is to test something of a sexual nature, my lady." Lillith crossed her arms under her breasts "You are correct cadet Sierra. However, this test will only proceed if you consent to commit acts like the ones I have described."

Sierra could not agree fast enough "I agree to everything my lady, of my own free will" she declared. "What would you have me do first?" Lillith glided closer to Sierra, the sway of her hips having an almost hypnotic effect. "First things first, you may call me Lillith throughout the entire test. It would not be appropriate for you to call me "my lady" during some of the things we are going to do. Is that understood?" Lillith was no so close Sierra could hear each calm breath she took; a stark contrast to her heavy breathing.

"Yes, my la-I mean Lillith." Lillith giggled at Sierra's slip up "Very good Sierra." Lillith's hands grabbed onto Sierra's armoured shoulder pieces and pulled herself close. Sierra's heart was racing, her face on fire, her eyes wide. She was freaking out internally; the most beautiful woman she had ever seen was about to do....... nothing. Lillith had pulled away and now stood beside the 2 jars. "That was just to rile you up, the real fun comes later." Sierra was beckoned over by Lillith who extended her arm to sweep over the jars. "Drink them both, Sierra" she ordered with a smile. Sierra brushed strands of deep blue hair out of her face and picked up the first jar. For the queen, she thought as she began to chug the first jar.

TOO BE CONTINUED

The dining scene may be another to tell on this thread in the future. Let me know if there is any fantasy base scenarios you would like to see in this story (No kidnapping or extreme non consensual stuff please).

*005*2020-03-02 22:34

I promise I'll continue this story sometime; it is not forgotten. I tried twice over the last few days to write another chapter, but I realised that I was trying to force it instead of taking time and love with it. When my heart and passion is back with this story, I promise there will be more.

*007*2020-04-23 19:42

The chamber was silent as Sierra downed the first of the great jars, save for the birdsong fluttering in from the open entranceway to the training grounds. Lillith's gaze stayed fixed upon Sierra's face as she drank, searching for any lost droplets of clear liquid. Sierra moved wordlessly to the second jar, a nod from Lillith signalling her approval. Again she drank away, taking a break to breathe every few seconds, making sure to get every last drop. She placed the empty jar down gently on the patterned floor and turned to Lillith.

"How are you feeling Sierra?" her mentor asked. "Like I never want to drink another drop of water, gods I feel a bit full." Lillith plucked up both jars at once and carried them to the edges of the chamber. "You will be fine, Sierra. The bloated feeling will soon pass by and move down to your bladder. What is it like knowing your bladder is soon going to be bloated like a new season's day balloon?" Sierra juggled words around in her head. "A bit peculiar because I have never done it before, at least not on purpose." Lillith cut her off. "So you have been full to the brim before? Do tell me about it, Sierra." Sierra cleared her throat before starting her story.

Just the chance to join the Royal Guard was an honour granted sparingly. Several years could go past before even a single posting became open. A whole class worth of places was a once in a generation occurrence. It was no overstatement to say that every student at the Royal College of Warfare showed up to submit their application. Sierra was one of them. A bright and determined girl from the warm farmlands of the north, with the distinctive light tan skin of the area.

Her light green eyes, a trait from her Elven mother, were wide as she took in the sight of thousands of her fellow students. The lines to see the active Royal Guards were long, the odds of actually getting in longer, and the time since she lasted peed longer still. Still, she resolved to push on; maybe her determination would look good even if her uniform pants were soaking wet. By the time she was at the front, her bladder was in complete agony. Her swollen stomach was hidden from the view of her interviewer, a certain Knight-Captain Lillith, by the high table.

The current Lillith stopped her right there "You mean to tell me you were past the point of exploding right in front of me?!!!" she blurted out. Lillith bounded up to Sierra and seized the slightly smaller Cadet into a passionate kiss. Sierra was so shocked she went limp, held up only by the strong arms of Lillith, and melted into the embrace. Never expected my first to be with my CO she thought to herself. Her nether regions became soaked with love juices as the kiss deepened, the heat in the room probably rising by a few degrees. Lillith pulled away "You pass the first bit of the test From what you just told me I know you pass with flying colours, that queue was at least 6 hours." Sierra shook herself out of love daze "Does that mean I go relieve myself Lillith?" Lillith shook her head "No, we are going to spar for the next two hours. Then we are going to my room, where I can see if you pass the second part of the test; and get rid of all the pent up urine you will have by then."

Hey. Guess what? I think its Tonga time. This probably sucks in quality compared to the other two chapters.

