The Pact of the Eternal Queen

Author: Alexis917

*000*2025-02-12 08:36

This is an alternative version of the Evil Queen and Snow White story, with a wetting and messing theme.

It is based on ideas provided by Downjacket.

The story is too long to fit here, so a pdf copy is attached.

The Pact of the Eternal Queen.pdf


"The Pact of the Eternal Queen"

In a kingdom where beauty was power, none were more feared or revered than the Queen. She was a vision of perfection—her raven-black hair cascaded in silken waves, her emerald eyes gleamed like the richest of jewels, and her porcelain skin seemed untouched by time itself. Yet beneath this mesmerizing facade lurked a terror deeper than the darkest night.

She feared age.

The mere thought of her beauty withering, of her flawless visage surrendering to the merciless grasp of time, was an agony she could not bear. She had spent years searching for forbidden knowledge, scouring ancient texts, bribing sorcerers, and silencing those who whispered of mortal decay. But nothing, not potions nor enchantments, could halt the inevitable.

And so, the Queen made her decision.

Deep beneath her castle, where no prying eyes could witness her desperation, she descended into her secret dungeon. The air was thick with the scent of burning incense, mingled with something more sinister— the acrid stench of blood. In the center of the chamber, a vast sigil had been carved into the cold stone floor, pulsating with an eerie glow. Candles flickered wildly as she whispered the incantation, her voice a perfect blend of allure and command.

The room trembled. A violent gust of wind howled through the chamber, extinguishing the flames, plunging everything into suffocating darkness. Then—an explosion of light. A searing flash of electric blue tore through the void, and the scent of sulfur filled the air.

The smoke churned violently, twisting and writhing like a living thing, its tendrils coiling toward her. And from its depths, a shadow took form.

Eyes like molten gold burned through the haze. A monstrous silhouette loomed before her, its presence overwhelming, oppressive—a being not of this world. Clawed fingers emerged, curling into the air, their mere presence warping the space around them. The Queen's breath hitched, but she did not falter.

A deep, guttural voice rumbled through the chamber, shaking the very foundations of the castle.


"You dare summon me, mortal?"

The Queen tilted her chin upward, her emerald gaze unwavering. "I do not 'dare.' I command. And you will listen."

A cruel, guttural chuckle reverberated through the room, shaking the very air around her. The Demon leaned closer, its shadow swallowing the flickering light of the sigil.

"Very well, little Queen. What is it that your feeble heart desires?"

Her lips curled into a slow, wicked smile. "Eternal beauty. Eternal power. Make me untouchable by time itself."

The Demon regarded her for a moment, a strange amusement glinting in its inhuman eyes. Then, it grinned, revealing jagged rows of gleaming teeth.

"A simple request... but a price must be paid."

The Queen did not hesitate. "Name it."

The Demon's grin widened, stretching beyond the limits of human expression, its jagged teeth gleaming like shards of a broken nightmare. The Queen, despite her best efforts, felt her breath catch in her throat. The air around her had grown thick, suffocating, as if the darkness itself had weight. But she refused to falter. She was a Queen—the Queen—and she would not cower before anything, not even a creature of the abyss.

Gathering her composure, she raised her chin high and spoke with a voice as smooth as silk yet laced with steel. "I desire eternal beauty. Not just youth, not just grace—I must be the greatest beauty in all the lands, unmatched and unsurpassed for all eternity."

The Demon watched her with something akin to amusement, its golden eyes flickering like firelight.

"A bold demand."

"I do not demand," the Queen countered, her emerald gaze flashing. "I command."

A deep, guttural chuckle echoed through the chamber, rattling the very stone walls. The Demon's massive form shifted, its shadow warping and curling like a living entity, devouring the flickering light of the candles.

"And what price will you pay for such... ambition?"

Without hesitation, the Queen extended her arms, a slow, sultry smile spreading across her perfect lips. "Whatever you wish. No price is too great."

At this, the Demon let out a slow hiss of satisfaction. It loomed closer, the searing heat of its presence making the very air tremble.

"Then the pact is sealed." 

The sigil beneath them blazed to life, an infernal glow pulsing with raw, ancient magic. The Queen felt it—the power rushing through her veins, a fire igniting beneath her skin, transforming her. She let out a gasp as the sensation consumed her, as if every fiber of her being was being rewritten, perfected beyond mortal comprehension.

And then... silence.

The Queen opened her eyes. She took a slow step forward, her heels clicking against the stone floor. As she lifted a hand to her face, she felt it —smooth, flawless, divine. Her beauty had been beyond compare before, but now... now, she was something greater. She was a goddess made flesh.

A delighted laugh spilled from her lips, rich and intoxicating. She spun in place, reveling in the sensation of her newfound power. Her body, her face, her very existence—everything had been sculpted into perfection beyond the limits of reality.

She let out a slow, satisfied sigh, then turned to face the Demon, her expression gleaming with triumph.

"With this beauty, I will command the hearts of all men. They will fall before me like trembling fools, helpless to resist my spell. With a single glance, I will bend them to my will. No war will be fought without my blessing. No king will rule without kneeling at my feet."

She strode forward, every movement dripping with unshakable confidence. "I will woo them all, and they will follow me without question. No hesitation. No resistance."

Her voice dropped to a sultry whisper, dripping with arrogance. "How could they resist such a vision? Nobody could. Nobody."

Her eyes burned with the fire of her own grandeur as she threw out her arms, laughing in pure, ecstatic delight. "I will be worshipped! Feared! Adored! My word shall be the last word, and all shall bow before me!"

The chamber trembled at her proclamation, as if the very castle itself recognized the enormity of what had just been set into motion.

The Demon, watching her revel in her newfound glory, merely chuckled.

A low, knowing sound.

As if it knew something she did not.

The Queen's laughter rang through the chamber, rich and intoxicating, her mind lost in a rapture of power. She could see it—her empire stretching endlessly, men kneeling at her feet, her beauty untouchable, eternal.

Then— 

HSSSSSSS!

A violent, guttural hiss slashed through the air like a blade. The Queen gasped, her body jolting as if a phantom hand had clutched her throat. The room, which had moments ago felt like a throne of triumph, now pressed in around her, suffocating and oppressive.

Her emerald eyes snapped toward the Demon. It hovered above the churning smoke, its twisted grin stretching impossibly wide. The flickering candlelight cast monstrous shadows across its grotesque form, but its gaze—molten gold, filled with something dark, something knowing —pierced straight into her soul.

The Queen swallowed hard. "What... what is it?"

The Demon did not blink. It did not move. It simply watched her for an agonizing moment before finally speaking, its voice rolling through the chamber like distant thunder.

"You will have what you asked for. Eternal beauty. Eternal power. None shall rival you."

The Queen's heart pounded with exhilaration. It was happening—it was hers!

Butthen—

"However..."

That single word, drawn out like the whisper of a blade unsheathing, sent an icy dread slithering down her spine.

The Demon tilted its head, amusement flickering in its molten eyes. "You will have all you desire, but under one... specific condition."

The Queen's breath hitched. She straightened her posture, clenching her hands into fists to keep them from trembling. "What condition?"

The Demon's smirk deepened, its clawed fingers curling in satisfaction.

"Every now and then, without warning... you will lose control of your bladder and bowels."

The words slithered into the air, vile and unholy.

For the first time, the Queen felt a crack in her composure. Her lips parted, but no sound escaped. She simply stared, wide-eyed, frozen in place. The candles flickered violently as if the very walls recoiled at the revelation. 

"No," she finally breathed. "No. That is unthinkable."

The Demon's grin remained. It did not waver, did not flinch. "That is the price."

The Queen's stomach twisted in revulsion. "There must be another way."

"There is not."

"Name something else!" she snapped, her voice laced with desperation. "Anything else! Blood? Souls? My riches? My people? I will give you whatever you desire—but not this!"

The Demon remained unmoved. "You claimed no price was too great."

The Queen's breathing quickened. "I—" she hesitated, her mind racing. No. No, this could not be. Her beauty—her perfect, untouchable, godlike beauty—defiled by something so... base. So shameful. So human.

She clenched her jaw. "I am a Queen. My image is sacrosanct. I cannot—I will not—be seen in such a state."

The Demon merely tilted its head, as if savoring her torment. "And yet... you asked for eternal beauty. Unrivaled. Unmatched. You will have it. But no privilege comes without consequence."

The Queen's hands trembled at her sides. She felt caged, trapped within her own ambition.

"Please." The word left her lips before she could stop it. "There must be something else."

But the Demon did not yield. It did not falter.

"Accept the terms, or forfeit your desire."

The Queen's breath was ragged now. Her mind warred with itself, clawing for a way out. To give up this power, this eternity of beauty, was unthinkable. But the price... the humiliation... the loss of control...

Yet—

To let herself age. To let herself fade. To one day look into the mirror and see a face that no longer commanded worship.

The thought sent a cold, sickening wave of horror through her.

Her fingers twitched.

Her throat tightened. 

Then, with a slow, shuddering breath—

"I accept."

The words tasted like poison on her tongue.

The Demon grinned. "Then it is done."

The sigil beneath her feet erupted in flames.

The chamber burned with unholy fire as the sigil beneath the Queen's feet pulsed with raw, infernal energy. The pact was sealed. Her beauty¬eternal. Her power—unchallenged.

Or so she thought.

The Demon, still hovering above the swirling smoke, let out a deep, guttural chuckle. The Queen's racing heart stilled. Something was wrong. The grin curling across the Demon's grotesque face was not one of mere amusement—it was something deeper. Something darker.

Then, in a slow, deliberate voice, the Demon spoke again.

"Ah... but there is one more thing."

The Queen stiffened. Her emerald eyes, filled with triumph only moments ago, narrowed in suspicion. "You already named your price."

"Indeed," the Demon said, eyes gleaming. "But there is more to consider. Your... condition is a secret, yes? A flaw no one must ever know."**

The Queen swallowed hard, saying nothing.

The Demon's voice grew softer, more insidious, slithering through the air like a venomous whisper. "But what if they d/dknow?"

A chill curled around the Queen's spine.

The Demon's grin widened. "Your army, your mighty, loyal warriors... the ones who see you as a goddess of beauty and might. The ones who fear you, worship you, kill for you. What do you think would happen if they discovered their untouchable Queen was not so untouchable after all?"

The Queen's breath hitched.

"No."

The Demon chuckled, low and cruel. "Imagine their faces. The disbelief. The confusion. Their all-powerful Queen—reduced to this."

The Queen's stomach churned. "They will not know," she hissed, her voice sharper than steel.

The Demon leaned closer, its massive form looming over her, its molten eyes flickering like torches. "But what if they do? What if, one day, your secret is revealed? Do you think they will still kneel? Still fear you? Still AoZZowyou?"

The words crashed over her like a tidal wave.

Her men. Her warriors. Her army.

They had always seen her as untouchable, an ethereal force beyond mortal weakness. They did not question her authority because they believed in her absolute perfection. But if they knew—if they even suspected— that beneath her flowing robes and regal facade lurked something so human, so humiliating...

They would no longer fear her.

No longer respect her.

No longer follow her.

And without her army, what stood between her and the people she had oppressed for years?

Her starving, furious subjects.

The people she had taxed into poverty. The farmers who had lost their land, the mothers who had lost their children, the men who had been forced into service or left to rot in the streets.

Without her army, they would rise.

Without her army, they would rebel.

Without her army, she would fall.

The realization struck her like a dagger to the chest.

Her beauty was eternal.

Her power was not.

Her breath came in short, sharp gasps as she turned to the Demon, desperation flashing across her perfect face. "You did not say this before!"

The Demon merely tilted its head. "Did you ask?"

The Queen clenched her fists, her nails digging into her palms. "There must be a way around it. A safeguard. Something." 

"There is only your own cunning, Queen," the Demon said, voice like a slow, satisfied purr. "Hide it well, and you will rule forever. Let it slip, and you will lose everything. It is that simple."

The Queen's mind spun. "And if they find out?"

The Demon bared its teeth in a wicked grin. "Then your reign ends in blood."

A cold wave of terror washed over her.

She could see it—the moment her secret was exposed, the way her soldiers' eyes would widen, the whispers, the slow creeping realization that their Queen was not divine, not unbreakable, but human.

The shift would be instant. Irreversible.

And then the rebellion would come.

The torches.

The swords.

The wrath.

The Queen clenched her jaw, forcing the thoughts from her mind. "No one will ever know."

The Demon chuckled, tilting its head in mock amusement. "I do hope so, for your sake."

Then, with a final smirk, it stretched out its clawed hands — and in an instant, it was gone.

The smoke curled and twisted, then dissipated into nothingness. The flickering candles steadied. The heat of the magic faded from the air. The chamber fell into silence.

And the Queen was alone.

She stood there, unmoving, her heart hammering against her ribs, her mind still reeling.

She had won. She had everything she had ever desired.

And yet—

The weight of the Demon's words sat heavy upon her. 

This was no longer just about beauty. No longer just about power.

This was survival.

Taking a slow, shuddering breath, the Queen straightened her back, smoothed the folds of her robe, and turned toward the stone staircase.

She ascended from the dungeon, her heels clicking against the cold steps, her flawless face a perfect mask of regal calm.

She had been given everything she ever wanted.

And now, she would spend eternity making sure no one ever saw the price she had paid.

The Queen stood before her gilded mirror, drinking in her own perfection. Every day since the pact, she had done this—admiring, worshipping, reassuring herself that the Demon's price had been nothing more than a cruel jest. Months had passed, and she had remained untouched by the humiliation it had promised. No accidents. No weakness.

Nothing had changed.

She smirked, tilting her head to the side, tracing her delicate fingers down the flawless curve of her cheek. Immortal. Unrivaled. Divine.

A sudden knock shattered the moment.

"Your Majesty-"

The door creaked open, and a young handmaiden stepped inside.

The Queen's expression twisted into rage. "You dare enter unbidden?!" she shrieked, spinning toward the girl.

The handmaiden flinched, eyes widening. "I—I only meant to—"

SLAP!

The force of the Queen's palm sent the girl crashing to the floor, a sharp yelp escaping her lips.

"Stupid girl!" the Queen spat. "You interrupt me?Do you know who I am?!"

Tears welled in the maiden's eyes. She had seen the Queen's cruelty before, but never like this.

The Queen raised her hand again.

Then— 

HSSSSSSSSSSSS!

A sinister, all-too-familiar hiss cut through the air.

The Queen's breath hitched. Her entire body seized in horror.

A sudden, searing warmth spread between her legs.

A heartbeat later, she felt it—hot liquid cascading down her thighs, soaking through her silken undergarments, slipping past her smooth, porcelain skin.

For the first time in her life, the Queen knew terror.

Her hand, once poised for another vicious slap, lurched downward instead. Desperation took hold, and she clutched at the thick fabric of her majestic robes, pressing them between her legs in a futile attempt to stop the flow.

The maiden, still cowering on the floor, stared up in shock. She had braced for pain—but instead, she saw something impossible.

Her Queen, the most powerful woman in the land, the untouchable, the divine—was trembling.

Her Queen, her goddess, her idol—

Was she... wetting herself?

No. That couldn't be. It couldn't be.

Queens didn't do that. She didn't do that.

And yet—

The growing dark stain creeping down the Queen's robes said otherwise.

The Queen's face contorted in sheer horror. Her chest rose and fell in ragged gasps, her legs locked in place, her hands uselessly gripping the sodden fabric. Her mind raced, screaming at her to stop it, to undo this, to make it not real.

But it was real.

And the handmaiden was watching.

The girl blinked, confusion and disbelief flickering across her face. The Queen saw it—saw the seed of doubt taking root.

Her stomach turned violently. No. No. No. No. 

With a sudden, vicious snarl, she lunged forward, grabbing the maiden by the wrist.

"Say nothing!" she hissed, her voice shaking with fury and humiliation.

The maiden's breath hitched.

The Queen's grip tightened. "You saw nothing."

The maiden, eyes darting between the Queen's panicked expression and the unmistakable wet stain darkening the floor beneath her, swallowed hard.

"Y-Yes, Your Majesty."

The Queen's chest heaved. Her pulse roared in her ears. No one could know.

The Demon's words echoed in her skull, mocking, taunting—

"Hide it well, and you will rule forever."

The Queen's fingers trembled.

"Let it slip, and you will lose everything."

She would not lose.

She would not lose.

Shoving the maiden back, the Queen straightened, her breath unsteady, her body rigid with mortified rage.

The Queen remained motionless, her mind reeling, her soaked robes clinging to her in wretched betrayal.

This was not happening.

This was not happening.

But as the warmth cooled against her skin, as the acrid scent of shame filled the air, she knew—

The Demon had not lied.

The Queen stood frozen in the aftermath of her disgrace, her heart pounding like war drums in her chest. The truth had struck her like a blade —this could happen again. At any time. In front of anyone. No warning. No control.

A suffocating wave of dread crashed over her. She had thought herself invincible. Eternal. A goddess made flesh. But now—she was vulnerable. More vulnerable than she had et/erbeen.

Her hands trembled as she pressed them against her stained robes, as if she could will the evidence of her shame away.

But it was notthe damp fabric that threatened to destroy her.

It was the handmaiden.

The girl had seen.

The Queen's breath hitched. A single whisper, a single word escaping the maiden's lips could unravel everything. The illusion of her power, the fear that kept her kingdom in check— all of it would collapse in an instant.

The thought was unbearable.

And then, an even more chilling realization.

The maiden hated her.

She had slapped her. Humiliated her. Made her weep. Would she not rejoice\n bringing about the Queen's downfall? Would she not run to the others, gleeful, eager to spread the tale of the mighty, untouchable Queen who pissed herself like a frightened child?

A cold fury settled in the Queen's chest.

No.

The girl could not be allowed to speak.

Her breath steadied. Her expression softened.

"My dear girl," she cooed, stepping forward, voice dripping with honeyed sympathy. "I... I fear I have been unkind to you."

The maiden flinched, confused by the sudden shift in tone.

The Queen reached out, gently brushing a strand of hair from the girl's tear-streaked face. "I let my temper get the best of me," she sighed, shaking her head as if ashamed. "You did nothing wrong. Please, forgive me."

The girl blinked, her wariness flickering with hesitant hope.

The Queen gestured to a nearby chair. "Sit, child. Rest a moment. Let me make it up to you."

The maiden hesitated. 

"Come now," the Queen urged, smiling softly. "I insist."

Slowly, the girl obeyed, lowering herself onto the plush seat.

The Queen turned, gliding gracefully to a small table where a golden pitcher of wine awaited. Her delicate fingers reached for the goblet—but not before retrieving a tiny vial hidden among her jeweled trinkets.

A single drop of the thick, syrupy liquid swirled into the deep red wine.

A sleeping tonic.

The Queen turned, offering the goblet with a warm smile. "Drink, child.

Let us put this unpleasantness behind us."

The maiden hesitated again—but the Queen's gaze was so soft, so full of unexpected kindness, that at last, she accepted.

She drank.

Minutes passed.

The Queen watched, silent, as the girl's body grew sluggish, her blinks slow and heavy.

Then—her head lolled to the side, and she slumped into the chair, utterly still.

A slow, satisfied smile spread across the Queen's lips.

Turning, she strode to the door and flung it open.

"Huntsman."

The hulking man who served as her most ruthless enforcer stepped forward, his expression blank, obedient.

His gaze flicked to the unconscious maiden.

The Queen did not hesitate. "She tried to poison me," she lied smoothly. "She must be executed immediately."

The huntsman nodded without question. "As you command, Your Majesty."

Without a moment's pause, he hoisted the limp girl into his arms and carried her into the night.

The Queen stood at the doorway, watching as the darkness swallowed them whole. 

She did not blink.

She did not flinch.

She did not feel.

Her secret was safe.

And by morning, the maiden would be nothing but a whisper lost to the wind.

Deep in the bowels of the castle, the huntsman reached the secluded grove behind the Queen's fortress, where the gnarled branches of an ancient tree clawed at the sky.

The girl stirred weakly as the rope tightened around her neck.

But she never had the chance to scream.

With one sharp yank—

SNAP.

The huntsman watched as the body dangled lifelessly, then with practiced efficiency, he severed the rope and tossed the corpse into the moat below.

The water churned.

The crocodiles fed.

And the girl was never seen again.

Back in her chamber, the Queen stood before her mirror once more.

She smoothed her hands over her immaculate, dry robes, and smiled.

The maiden was gone.

Her secret was buried.

And she...

She was still perfect.

The pattern unfolded with chilling precision, night after night, as the Queen's secret grew deeper and darker. One handmaiden after another came to serve her, their wide-eyed innocence unaware of the horrific price they would pay for their knowledge. Each one, too young, too trusting, found themselves drawn into the same trap, lured into the glittering palace of beauty and power, only to witness the Queen's unthinkable weakness.

And each one, like the last, was silenced forever.

It was always the same. A sharp hiss. A sudden, overwhelming warmth. And then panic. The Queen's frantic attempts to hide her disgrace, her failure to conceal the truth. The handmaiden's innocent confusion, followed by fear, followed by whispers in the shadows, too dangerous to ignore.

And then—death.

The henchman, loyal and unfeeling, would carry out his grim task with no more emotion than a butcher cutting meat. The maiden's body was tossed into the moat, its bones sinking beneath the murky waters, devoured by the monstrous crocodiles lurking in the dark depths. Her absence would never be questioned.

But whispers began to stir among the castle staff.

"Where do they go? The handmaidens. Why do they disappear?"

Maidens would come, eagerly at first, but the vacancy in their eyes would soon grow. They would look over their shoulders, feel the dark weight of fear creeping through the corridors. Some would begin to ask questions, too bold, too curious for their own good. And those who did? They were never heard from again.

Rumors spread like wildfire among the servants. "There's something about the Queen. Something we can't see, but feel."

The air grew thick with unease, but no one dared to speak out. No one dared to question the Queen who sat upon her throne of beauty and power, whose gaze could command armies and whose cruelty had no limits.

And when the disappearance of another handmaiden was noticed, the Queen remained ever the picture of grace and innocence.

"I don't know what happened," she would say, her voice laced with faux concern, eyes wide with feigned shock. "One moment she was here, and the next—gone, vanished like smoke."

No one dared press her further.

The Queen had spoken.

And in the eyes of her kingdom, she was still the fairest of them all. 

Still the most beautiful.

Still the most powerful.

The fear of her reign only grew stronger. The nobles and peasants alike bowed to her, their minds filled with awe and terror. No one would ever challenge her. No one would ever dare defy her. After all, no one could, not with the chilling rumors of the handmaidens' fates hanging in the air, suffocating any thoughts of rebellion before they could even take root.

In the grand halls of the castle, the Queen smiled.

"They'll never know. No one will ever know."

Her secret—her curse— remained locked away in the depths of her mind, a dark and filthy thing that she had buried in the deepest corner of her soul. She could still look into her mirror every day and see her flawless reflection, her flawless power. She could still bask in the glow of her eternal beauty, untouched by the ravages of time or weakness.

For the world would never see her as anything but what she wanted them to see: a goddess.

A perfect, unbeatable goddess.

The Queen was untouchable.

At least, for now.

The day Snow White arrived at the castle, she was unlike the others. She stepped through the grand iron gates with the innocence of youth, unaware of the dark history that awaited her within the palace walls. Her name, so pure and simple, echoed through the halls, promising nothing more than hope and devotion to serve her Queen.

Snow White was fair, with skin like snow, lips as red as blood, and hair as dark as the midnight sky. She was a striking beauty, but there was something different about her—a quiet confidence that set her apart from the other handmaidens who had come and gone before her. Perhaps it was this quiet strength that would prove to be her greatest asset. Or perhaps it would be her downfall.

At first, the Queen took little notice of the new arrival. Snow White, as all the others, was eager to serve. She worked tirelessly, her every move a graceful dance, her presence calming the very air around her. She quickly earned the trust of the Queen's court, her gentle demeanor and natural poise an unexpected balm for the tension that always lingered in the castle.

But as time passed, something began to change. 

Snow White's beauty was undeniable, but it was her sharp mind, her perceptive eyes, that truly began to unsettle the Queen. The girl seemed to have an innate understanding of the atmosphere of the palace, the subtle whispers that echoed behind closed doors. There were moments when Snow White's gaze lingered a little too long on the Queen, moments when her eyes narrowed just slightly, as though she could see past the painted facade the Queen had worked so hard to maintain.

The Queen grew uneasy, the same unease that had haunted her every time a new face appeared, only to disappear forever. She tried to ignore it. But as the days passed, Snow White's presence seemed to grow more impossible to ignore.

And then, one fateful evening, it happened.

The Queen, standing before her mirror as she always did, basking in her flawless beauty, felt a familiar warmth spreading down her legs. A sharp hiss filled the room, and her heart clenched in terror.

But this time, there was something different.

Snow White had entered the room. She had seen.

The Queen's eyes locked onto Snow White's, but it was not fear or confusion that filled the girl's expression. It was something else. Something... more knowing.

Snow White said nothing, but the Queen could see it in her eyes. The girl had seen the truth. She had witnessed the Queen's weakness, the terrible secret that had kept her bound in fear for so long. And worse—Snow White understood. She had been watching.

The Queen's stomach twisted. This was it. Snow White knew.

And the very air in the room grew heavy, as though something momentous was about to unfold. The Queen's mind raced. She could feel the fear rising in her chest, that same desperate panic that had gripped her before. Would Snow White speak? Would she betray her?

But to the Queen's shock, Snow White did not say a word. She did not run screaming through the halls, nor did she bow and swear an oath of silence.

Instead, she simply smiled—a calm, understanding smile that sent a chill through the Queen's spine.

The Queen's breath caught in her throat. What was this? Why was Snow White not afraid?

"Your Majesty," Snow White said, her voice as smooth as silk, yet carrying an unmistakable strength beneath it, "I've seen you. I’ve seen what you are."

The Queen's heart pounded in her chest, but she could not move. She could not speak. The silence between them seemed to stretch for eternity.

Then, Snow White stepped forward, her eyes never leaving the Queen's. She did not look at her with fear, nor with disgust. Instead, there was a certain quiet power in her gaze—something the Queen had not expected.

"But I will not expose you," Snow White said simply. "I will not betray you."

The Queen's mind raced. What did this mean? Was Snow White playing a game, one that would end in her destruction? Was this some sort of test?

Snow White reached out, gently placing her hand on the Queen's arm. "I see the fear in your eyes. The terror that controls you," she whispered.

"But you don't have to live in it. I can help you."

The Queen recoiled at the touch. Help /?er?Snow White—this girl who had barely been in the palace a few weeks— wanted to help her?

"Help me?" the Queen scoffed, her voice laced with bitterness. "You don't understand. There is no help for someone like me. I’ve made my pact, and I must live with it. There is no escaping it."

Snow White's eyes softened. "There is always a way out, Your Majesty. But only if you are ready to face the truth of who you are."

The Queen stared at Snow White, her heart hammering in her chest. For the first time in years, she felt something she had long buried deep inside her—Лоре. But it was a fragile thing, too delicate to trust.

Would Snow White be the end of her, or would she be the one to save her from the curse that had bound her for so long? The Queen did not know. But one thing was certain—Snow White's fate would be far different from the others.

And whether that fate was her salvation or her doom, the Queen could not yet say.

At first, the Queen had felt something unusual when Snow White arrived— a strange, flickering hope.

Perhaps, in the presence of this young girl, she could prove to herself that she was still superior. Perhaps, Snow White's beauty was over¬exaggerated, a trick of the light, a fleeting youth that could never hold a candle to the Queen's eternal, demonic allure.

But then, the moment came.

The moment she truly san/Snow White. 

And the world cracked open beneath her.

It was undeniable.

Snow White wasn't just beautiful—she was radiant, effortlessly enchanting, without the weight of dark magic, without the desperate clutches at power. She was adored, not feared. Admired, not worshipped through terror.

For the first time in decades, the Queen felt small.

And then—just as swiftly—that feeling was obliterated.

A raging inferno of vanity exploded within her, burning away all logic, all reason.

This girl was an insult. A threat.

The Queen's reflection was sacred, the pinnacle of perfection. She had killed for it, sacrificed for it, bledfor it. And now, she was supposed to accept that someone—some child— could exist who was more than her?

No. She would not accept it.

If Snow White's beauty had won the hearts of the people, then those hearts would burn.

The Queen unleashed her fury upon the kingdom.

Anyone who spoke of Snow White's beauty was punished. Merchants who praised her charm saw their shops burned. Artists who painted her likeness had their hands crushed. Nobles who admired her grace were thrown into dungeons.

She thoughtthis would break Snow White.

But it didn't.

Every attempt to destroy the girl only made her stronger.

The more the Queen lashed out, the more the people whispered about Snow White in secret, turning her into a legend, a symbol of hope against the Queen's tyranny.

And worst of all—Snow White outsmarted her at every turn.

The girl was cunning, slipping through the Queen's grasp again and again. She evaded capture, outwitted spies, turned the Queen's own court against her in ways she could never predict. 

And with every failure, the Queen's body betrayed her more.

The stress, the rage, the unbearable tension—it made the humiliating condition the Demon had cursed her with grow worse.

At first, it was just an occasional slip. A moment of distraction when her bladder would weaken, a stain on her gown quickly hidden beneath thick layers of fabric.

But soon, it was happening more often.

Then, the worst began.

Her bowels, too, started to fail her.

A crucial moment in the throne room, her advisors whispering about another of Snow White's victories—then, suddenly, an unstoppable pressure, a horrifying warmth.

She barely kept her face composed, dismissing the court with a cold glare before fleeing to her chambers.

The smell, the shame.

Her maids were executed before they could speak a word.

But she knew. She knew.

If this continued... if she was ever caught...

It would all be over.

And so, as Snow White's influence grew and the Queen's desperation deepened, her obsession turned into madness.

She would destroy Snow White.

No matter what it took. No matter how much she suffered.

Even if it meant losing everything.

The Queen's descent was no longer a whisper behind closed doors. It was a howling storm, an unrestrained force of fury and madness that rippled through the castle, turning it into a den of terror.

She no longer ruled with cold calculation—no, that had long since abandoned her. Now, she ruled with rage.

She could not bear\t.

Snow White, ever elusive, ever untouchable, was still winning. 

The Queen's punishments grew erratic. Servants would enter her chambers to bring news, only to be met with flying goblets, shattered mirrors, and hands that clawed at their skin like a wild animal.

"LIARS! DECEIVERS!" she shrieked, her voice raw, cracking.

She /слей/they whispered behind her back. That they smelled it on her.

The thick perfumes that no longer masked the shame. The gowns that clung strangely to her form, layered to hide the truth beneath. The sudden disappearances of maids who had simply come too close.

She had killed so manyto keep it hidden.

Yet, still, the problem worsened.

The accidents became relentless. No warning. No control. The warmth, the wetness, the unbearable messclinging to her, humiliating her beyond anything she had ever imagined.

A stench of failure.

Was this what the Demon had wanted?

Was this what it meantto be the fairest?

Alone in her chambers, she clutched the edges of her ruined throne, gasping, weeping in fury, in frustration. No one could see her like this. No one could ei/erknow.

And yet, deep down, a new fear gripped her:

What if they already did?

Her court had begun keeping their distance. Ministers hesitated before bowing. Even the most loyal of her advisors avoided close proximity. The fear in their eyes was no longer reverence—it was revulsion.

Snow White had to die.

Not tomorrow. Not in some drawn-out scheme.

Now.

The final confrontation loomed, inevitable.

The Queen would face Snow White in front of the kingdom, and when she did, she would crush her.

The Queen descended into the depths of her castle, her breath ragged, her pulse thrumming like war drums in her ears. The dungeon was damp, the air thick with ancient spells and whispers of forgotten horrors.

But none of them mattered.

She was here for one thing.

The spell.

The most dangerous, the most volatile magic ever sealed away. Even she— she, the all-powerful, all-beautiful Queen—had once feared it.

Butthat was before.

Before Snow White.

Before her world had collapsed under the weight of her own failing body.

Now, there was no fear. Only rage.

Her fingers trembled as she traced the forbidden runes carved into the stone chest that contained the spell. The air pulsed, resisting her touch, as if even the magic itself knew it did not belong in her hands.

She grinned, mad and wild.

Oh, but it did.

It belonged to her, just as Snow White's end belonged to her.

With a whispered incantation, the seal cracked, and the dark energy within roaredto life. A gust of power blasted through the dungeon, rattling chains and torches, making the very walls groan.

It was intoxicating.

The Queen clutched the spell to her chest, her laughter spilling out in manic waves, her body convulsing with sheer, wicked delight.

The shock on their faces when Snow White perished before them all!

Their tears!Their horror!

They would see.

They would know.

She was not weak. She was not losing.

She was still Queen. 

Still the fairest of them all.

And Snow White... Snow White would be nothing but ashes.

Tomorrow, in the grand square, before the adoring crowds—

Snow White would die.

And the Queen would stand above them all, victorious, glorious, eternal.

...If only she had known.

If only she had understood the true nature of the spell she now clutched.

That it did not serve the unworthy.

That it would not be wielded by hands stained with cowardice and filth.

That it had no master but its own.

The Queen believed she was going to destroy Snow White.

She did not yet realize—

She was about to destroy herself.

The kingdom buzzed with excitement. The Queen's grand event had drawn thousands to the castle square, all eager to witness the spectacle she had promised. From the tallest spires to the lowest streets, banners of white and gold fluttered in the breeze. Music played, laughter rang out, and a sense of unity filled the air.

They thought they were here to celebrate Snow White.

But the Queen knew better.

From the towering balcony of her castle, she looked down upon them, her lips curled into a hidden smirk. Fools. All of them. How easily they gathered, blind to the truth of what was to come.

She stood in her finest royal attire—robes layered thick with luxurious fabric, but beneath them, another layer entirely. Cotton padding, tightly wrapped, a desperate precaution against any unfortunate surprises.

The scent of perfume clung to her skin, drowning her in floral notes meant to mask any unwanted odors. She could not afford even the smallest humiliation today.

Not when she was about to reclaim her throne, her true power.

She rested one gloved hand upon the hidden vial tucked in the folds of her robe, her fingers tightening around its fragile glass. Inside, the spell pulsed with a faint, ominous glow, almost as if it breathed.

Soon.

The sun shone brightly over the castle courtyard, casting golden light over the thousands gathered to witness what they believed would be a grand celebration of Snow White. The air buzzed with joy, the scent of fresh flowers and roasted meats from the feasting tables mingling with the crisp morning breeze. Banners bearing the Queen's insignia fluttered in the wind, but it was notthe Queen whom the people adored today.

It was Snow White.

She stood on the royal balcony, radiant in a gown of soft ivory and gold, her dark hair glistening in the sunlight. As she waved to the people, their cheers grew deafening, their love for her undeniable. She smiled warmly, her every movement effortless, natural— beautiful.

The Queen, standing just a few feet away, felt her stomach churn.

She had intended for this gathering to be the moment of Snow White's doom, but now—watching the girl shine, watching her own subjects bask in Snow White's presence instead of hers—a blinding rage clawed at her insides.

The moment had come.

With trembling fingers, the Queen reached into her robe, gripping the small, deadly vial of cursed magic. Her heart pounded, her breath came fast. This was it. One swift throw, and Snow White's beauty, her power, her very life—gone.

Her fingers found the lid, and she prepared to open it.

And then—

Snow White turned and met her eyes.

A moment passed between them, heavy as stone.

The Queen's breath hitched. Her vision blurred. Her grip tightened around the vial, but she could not move.

Snow White's gaze was calm, unshaken.

The Queen suddenly felt trapped in her own body. A strange heat crept up her spine, and then—deep within her gut—an awful, twisting sensation.

The crowd's cheers faded into a murmur of confusion as they watched their Queen suddenly freeze, her face going pale. 

Then—

A sharp gasp tore from her lips.

The Queen doubled over, her left hand shooting to her stomach, her right hand still gripping the vial with white-knuckled desperation. Her legs trembled. Her body convulsed.

No—NO! Not now! NOT HERE!

But the Demon's curse had no mercy.

A sharp hiss sliced through the silence.

Then, a bubbling, a crackling—growing louder with each second.

The Queen's eyes widened in terror.

A wet warmth spread through her undergarments, soaking into the layers of regal silk she had wrapped around herself as protection. The extra padding she had worn was instantly overwhelmed. And then—far worse— the deep, sickening churn within her belly gave way, her bowels collapsing.

Her breath came in panicked gasps as she felt the unstoppable, humiliating release overtake her completely. The thick, suffocating stench curled into the air, invading the nostrils of those nearest to her.

People began to recoil. Noblemen grimaced. Noblewomen covered their noses, whispering behind delicate gloved hands.

The Queen's shame— her ultimate, final disgrace—was no longer a secret.

Snow White stepped back, her expression unreadable.

The Queen let out a strangled cry of rage.

She still had one chance left.

If she could not keep her dignity, she would at least take Snow Whitew'rth her.

With a wild, unhinged shriek, she wrenched open the vial. The cursed liquid inside swirled ominously, dark as ink.

With every ounce of fury left in her, she swung her arm back, preparing to hurl the deadly spell at Snow White-

But her foot slipped. 

The wetness beneath her—the foul remnants of her disgrace—betrayed her.

She wobbled. Arms flailing.

And the vial—

The vial flew from her grasp.

The crowd gasped as the Queen's greatest weapon spun through the air, tumbling end over end, glinting in the sunlight—

And then—

The cursed liquid rained down.

Right onto her.

The Queen's own spell drenched her head, her robes, her hands. The moment it touched her skin, a guttural, piercing scream ripped from her throat.

She staggered backward, clawing at her face as the deadly magic consumed her.

Her beauty—her treasured, eternal beauty—was the first to go.

Her skin cracked like dried earth, dark veins spreading like poison. Her golden hair shriveled, her once-lustrous lips turned gray and shriveled. Her hands, once elegant, twisted into gnarled, skeletal claws.

She let out one final, bloodcurdling shriek—a sound of rage, horror, and unbearable agony.

Then, she stumbled again—her broken body giving way.

She fell.

Her ruined, humiliated form crumpled onto the balcony floor.

Lifeless.

For a long moment, there was only silence.

Then—

A single voice cried out:

"The Evil Queen is DEAD!"

The words sparked a wildfire. The silence shattered into an eruption of cheers, laughter, and jubilant cries. People threw their arms around each other, weeping with relief. Musicians struck up their instruments. The entire kingdom rejoiced.

The reign of terror was over.

And before them all, standing untouched, untouched by magic, untouched by vanity, untouched by evil, was Snow White.

She turned to face her people, her people who had suffered for so long, and lifted her chin with quiet grace.

And they knelt.

Every last one of them.

For they had a new Queen now.

One of true beauty.

One of true power.

One of true goodness.

The Age of Queen Snow White had begun.
