The Wetting Bar

Author: abdlboy21

*000*2018-07-10 20:40

You perform a double take as you read the flashing neon sign. "Welcome to The Wetting Bar". Your curiosity gets the best of you and you wander inside. It appears just like a normal bar at first glace, glistening booze catches your eyes as you examine your surroundings. Then, you finally notice what's different. Everyone is wearing diapers! You check the front desk, everyone's pants are in a container and there is a seemingly limitless supply of diapers. The sign says "please help yourself and don't be shy, change right here!" Not so chalantly, you slip off your pants and underwear and replace it with glorious padded comfort. You walk up to the bar, sitting next to a fellow diapered patron whom you find very attractive. They playfully poke you. "Saw you changing into your diaper, nice bod." They wink, and you do as well.

"Thanks, looking good yourself. Buy you a drink?" They shake their head no, and playfully reply, "No no I insist, first round on me. That diaper is far too dry for my taste." You smile as you both enjoy your drinks, chatting the night away. Shortly after imbibing one too many, you feel a very nice urge on your bladder. You smirk in anticipation. Your companion notices and smiles, delighted. "About time! You were drinking me under the table." You adjust the front of your diaper to face them, and sigh as you pee a strong steady stream. The rushing sounds of your release can be heard across the bar, and your diaper grows as it turns a delightful yellow color. You feel the wonderful warmth spreading as you pee and pee, seemingly forever, in a joyous explosion of happiness. As your stream finally slows down, you feel yourself becoming unbearably horny. You join your companion in the bathroom for a delightful romp

