Found this on Reddit`s r/nosleep

Author: •ᐰʙʀᴧcᴧᴅᴧvᴇЯ•

*000*2018-03-17 07:41

I'm a regular on Reddit, particularly r/nosleep

, a subreddit for horror stories. This particular story

(linked to the original for reference, author credit, and because upvotes matter if you're inclined to give them) was one of the ones on the front page today, and I figured it probably belonged here even though it wasn't actually written to be omorashi, as such. It was written by the Reddit user "lunakinesis", but I don't really think they're usually an omorashi fan, or if they are they don't tend to advertise it, sooooo yeah I wouldn't necessarily go running over there in a hurry to talk omo at them, lol.

I'm also transcribing it here in case the original post gets lost, or anyone can't get onto Reddit for some reason.

And yeah, I left the typos intact even though it made my brain kinda twitch to do so, haha...

{{:

Quote

Bed Wetting Problems

@u/lunakinesis

My name is Samantha Donovan and I’m an adult and I’m a bed wetter. There we go, I admitted it. I’m ashamed about it, of course I am. But it’s a fact of my life I can’t pretend doesn’t exist, there isn’t really much I can do about it. I’ve tried.

Most of the time I don’t even wake up before it happens so I don’t even notice I have to pee. I don’t know it’s happened until I wake up and the strong sent of ammonia infests my nostrils and a cold, unpleasant wetness covers my lower half.

I should point out that I haven’t always been this way. It’s not something I suffered from as kid beyond my potting training days but I think that goes for a lot of kids until they properly learn to use a toilet. No, I never dealt with it after that nor as a teenager. Just as an adult. I have no bladder problems to speak of either. No UTIs or other disorders, and having any of my children hasn’t made my muscles well… weaker.

The problem only began a month ago. After a particularly gruelling day at work. I suppose it could be put down to stress, but I love my job and one bad day definitely isn’t the cause of months of bed wetting, I’m sure of that.

I just got a new bed too. It’s smaller than the one I used to have but the mattress is a lot firmer. You would think that would be good for my back and for restful sleeping, help me be less ‘stressed’ or whatever, but no. For all this bed should be cosier, I find myself lying awake at night until my body and brain shut down from exhaustion.

This is why I often don’t wake up until I’ve already wet the bed, I’m just too damn tired to be woken up by my need for the bathroom, my body in too much of a catatonic state to realise it needs to go.

What about when I am awake when the urge hits?

I don’t ignore it. I promise you I don’t. I want to go. I don’t want to just lie there and wait or my bladder to give out. It’s humiliating, degrading. I feel disgusting.

Why don’t I just get up and go?

I can’t.

I told you this began about a month ago after work. That was true. I told you I got a new bed. That was also true. But I didn’t want to, I didn’t want any of this. This is what I get for being nice to the weird customers. Now I’m trapped in some freak’s basement. He ties me down at night so I don’t try to escape again. He left me untied the first night, I tried to get out but he was waiting in the kitchen, smacked me over the head with a damn frying pan. Now I get tied to the bed every night, all night long until morning comes. I hear him walking around above me during the night to go to the bathroom himself. But he never comes down to let me go, not even in a fucking bucket.

So I have to lie here, feeling that uncomfortable pressure building up, weeping like a child as I soil myself when I just can’t hold it in any longer. He laughs every morning when he comes to untie me, scolding me like a child as he watches me lean myself off.

I could overpower him when he unties me, I know I could. But I don’t. It’s not that he getting to me, believe me I want to smash the guy’s head against a wall until its pulp. But if I don’t manage to get away it’s not me he’ll hurt. It’s my kids. He promised me that. I can’t let him hurt my babies.

So I wait. Wait for him to lower his guard. For him to think I’ve come around to his twisted delusion that we’re 'meant’ to be. Then I’m going to bash his brains in when he least expects it. If I had less class I’d piss on his dead body after all the degradation he’s put me through.

But right now, I’m trapped. My bladder is filling again and morning is a long way off. My name is Samantha Donovan, and I’m an adult bed wetter.

}}

*007*2018-04-03 17:49

{{On Monday, 19 March 2018 at 11:22 AM, Bulge_Lover said:

This is like a 2/10 for a /r/NoSleep story. It's super similar to like six thousand others aside from the pee bit. An actual good, unique story on there is like seeing a unicorn.

I...I should write one...

}}

This. I just figured I'd share this one here since it had a bit of a relevant theme, despite not being the best. Although I guess I am also kinda biased toward the darker fantasies myself, as well, so I don't mind too much. Poor as it is as a horror story, it gets a little more lenience from me if I consider it a different category, lol.

And yes, you should.

{{On Monday, 19 March 2018 at 12:27 PM, Keita123 said:

This is really weak for a horror story.

}}

Yeah, there's unfortunately very little horror in "horror", especially these days. A shame. It's my favourite genre along with sci-fi and both are so hard to find real quality in among all the trash.

{{On Monday, 19 March 2018 at 6:54 PM, HPattern said:

Well, until they started removing iia's work, those unicorns were a lot more common...

You can still find some of his handiwork on /r/nosleep if you search, but he mainly just posts on his own site/sub/social media now...

His site: https://unsettlingstories.com/

And his sub: https://www.reddit.com/r/IIA/

Be forewarned, shit's graphic, yo...

}}

Ah, iia. <3

