OMOVEMBER Day 3 (Can I Go First)- Kenzies party dilemma

Author: Animepee1234

*000*2024-11-04 03:46

Note: This is the longest single fic I have written on this website, I have written a few things but have left the website a few times, The longest fic next to this was my "OMO-Note ep 2" story, this twice as long, I hope you all enjoy

OMOVEMBER DAY 3: "Can I go First"

Kenzie was a sophomore In college, she was a short girl 5 foot 4, brunette, c-cup, it was the end of August, and the opening week of college, and she was invited out to a party, she decided to wear a red shirt with her college's logo, and Jean shorts with cute pink panties with a heart in the center, and later today they would become soaked

She finished getting ready, and grabbed a beer from the fridge, cracked it open and began to down it. She stopped as she heard the door open, and her roommate Kate walked in.

“Heyyy, you ready to head out” Katie said

“hell yea!!” Kenzie enthusiastically replied

“Hey grab me one too” Katie said pointing at the can in Kenzies hand, Kenzie reached in the fridge and grabbed another white claw, and tossed it over

“Thank you” Katie said

“No problem” Kenzie said, finishing her can. She reached in to grab another can and closed it

“Let’s go” Kenzie said as they both walked out

While they were walking to the party Kenize started to feel a bit of pressure in her bladder but ignored it…for now.

When they arrived they heard commotion coming from the back of the house, they made their way to a wooden gate that led to a backyard filled with people. One of the guys that were there turned their head, it was their friend Braden, the one who invited them to the party.

“Heyyy Kenzie! Katie!” he screamed

“How’s it going” Katie screamed, Kenzie waved her hand. The thing was Kenzie had a crush on Braden and planned to use the party as a chance to get closer.

Braden walked over to the girls “So you guys need anything to drink” he asked

“We got a can of white claw, so yeah we’re definitely gonna need more” Katie said, then she had an epiphany.

“Kenny let’s shotgun” Katie exclaimed

“Omg that’d be so cool” Braden said

Kenzie immediately said “Hell yea!” After Braden’s statement.

Katie pulled the two cans out of her bag and tossed one to Kenzie, they grabbed a pocket knife and cut a whole in each.

“Ready” Katie said with a smirk

“Mmmhmm” Mekenzie said

“3…2…1…GO” Katie explained as she turned over the can and opened the top.

Kenzie followed along, as she downed the white claw her bladder began to fill more and more

“Go Kenzie” Braden yelled

Kenzie finished the last few gulps and thee the can on the ground, and a few seconds after Katie followed

“Saw damnit, you beat me?! Really?” Katie groaned

“FUCK YEA KENIZE,” Branden said wrapping his arm around Kenzie and shaking her a bit

“Thanks, Braden” she said shyly, it was while Braden was shaking her that she began to realize she needed to pee.

She rubbed her legs a bit, and her eyes locked onto the door leading into the house

“Hey Braden-“ Kenzie was cut off by Braden exclaiming “Kenzie, beer pong, me vs you”

Kenzie hesitated, she needed to pee but she wanted to impress Braden, she made up her mind

“Alright you're on” Kenzie said with a hint of confidence, they ran over to a folding table that had solo cups sprung across it, they grabbed them, and set them up to play.

“You first” Braden said tossing a ping pong ball to Kenzie, she fumbled it around for a second before catching it. She threw it…and overshot it but on her second through…she also missed

“Damnit” she said, Braden laughed

“my turn” he said as he threw the ball sunk into one of Kenzies cups

“Shit are you kidding” she picked the ping pong ball and downed the cup of beer. Braden readied his second shot and sunk that one in too.

“Fuck” Kenzie said picking up the other cup and downing it, she felt pressure build up in her bladder, and she began rubbing her legs together as Braden threw his 3rd shot and sunk that too (editors note: for those of you sink 2 in you get both balls back). Kenzie downed another cup as Braden tossed 4th shot but it missed.

“Thank god!” Kenzie said finishing the cup of beer, she readied her shot and tossed it… and missed again!

“What the fuck” she said still rubbing her legs together, she threw her second shot and sunk it

“YES” she exclaimed

“Not bad Kenzie” Braden said downing his cup, “ahhh” he said as he finished the cup “but don’t get high and mighty yet” he said readying his next shot and sinking it into one of Kenzies cups with ease.

“Haha” Braden laughed as Kenzie downed another beer

“How are you so good at this” Kenzie questioned

“Practice,” Braden said cockily as he sank another ball.

Kenzie downed the next cup “Your an ass” Kenzie said, Braden got ready to sink another… and he did

“GIVE ME A BREAK MAN” she said downing another cup

Braden readied another shot, but overthrew it

“HAHA MY TURN FOR A COMEBACK” Kenzie said matching a cocky tone

Kenzie grabbed the ball and readied her shot but as she readied the previous 5 cups hit her bladder, and she instantly felt it, crossing her legs and hopping from foot to foot

“Shit I gotta go” Kenzie thought to herself

“You okay Kenzie” Braden asked

Kenzie shot up and said “Yea…lost my footing” she said her cheeks slightly red

She readied her shot still trying to secretly hold her pee, she tossed it and missed she grabbed the next ball and readied it as she began to throw it a spurt of pee came out she threw it but instantly held her crotch, she of course missed

“Ahhh~~” she quietly moaned

"Looks like it's my turn again” Braden said cockily, Kenzie quickly composed herself, she took her hand off her crotch and began rubbing her legs together, “Please let me be able to go to the bathroom soon” she prayed to herself

Braden readied his shot but as he did two of the guys at the party ran over to the table and knocked it over while they tried to catch a ball, the table fell over and the cups flew everywhere

“AH SHIT MY BAD BRADEN” one of the guys said

“All good bro” Braden said helping him up

While Braden was distracted Kenzie felt the pressure grow more and more in her bladder, she began hopping foot to foot again and tried to discreetly hold her crotch just then she felt someone grab her shoulder she jumped up as a few drops leaked into her pink panties

“Girl he was kicking your ass” her friend Katie said “Welp brb gotta piss” Katies said walking into the house “YO BRADEN WHERE YOUR BATHROOM” She yelled

“I’ll show ya” Braden said

Kenzie quickly ran after the two as they entered the house

She ran up behind them as Braden and Katie walked up to the bathroom door, Katie walked in and Braden stood at the door.

“Fuck fuck I got to pee” Kenzie said to herself squeezing her crotch and hopping up and down, she then quickly realized she was doing this pee pee dance near Braden she quickly stopped just as he turned his head.

“You gotta go to” he said

“Yea kinda” Kenzie said trying her best not to show how desperate to pee she really was

“Yea Katies in there, you can go after her and I” Braden said

Kenzie began to panic “Shit I gotta go now can I wait that long? OF COURSE I CAN I'M IN COLLEGE I'M NOT A BABY” Just as she thought that a big spurt of pee excited, and she quickly held her crotch and crossed her legs

“You okay Kenzie” Braden asked in a worried tone

Kenzie blushed looked down to the floor and said “I really need to pee” She said desperately

“Can you hold it” Braden said

“I think so” Kenzie said, just then she heard the toilet flush, she bent over as the sound made another wave of desperation hit, and another spurt of pee escaped making a hssss sound and making a small wet patch appear on her shorts

“Ahhh~~mmmm~~” she moaned

“Are you sure you can-” Braden said

“Please let me go first I can’t hold it” she desperately pleaded

Braden's eyes went wide as he said “Yea go ahead”

Kenzie hobbled over to the door and knocked, as she rubbed her legs and held her crotch

“Just a minute” Katie’s voice echoed from the other side

“Please hurry” Kenzie pleaded, closing her eyes and bringing both hands to her crotch holding as tight as she could, jumping from foot to foot in a desperate attempt to hold back the flood gates, but a shot of piss escaped, making the dark spot on her shorts to grow and become noticeable, especially to Braden who was standing behind her as she desperately held on. Kenzie banged on the door again.

“ONE MINUTE” Katie yelled as Kenzie bent her knees to the ground holding her crotch as another shot of pee escaped, leaking through the dark spot on her jeans and through her fingers, dripping onto the floor

Katie opened the door and said “Jesus there it's open-” Katie was cut off by Kenzie shooting up and pushing her aside, she hobbled into the bathroom holding her crotch, her hands becoming wet from the pee leaking through her ever-dampening jeans.

She made it in front of the toilet, she tried to quickly bring her hands away from her crotch so she could unbutton her jeans. But just as she was trying a stream of pee escaped dripping onto the floor she quickly held her crotch again

“Ahhmm~” she moaned desperately

She began to try and pull the jeans off without unbuttoning them, she held her crotch with one hand while using the free one to pull it off, she jiggled from side to side, crossing her legs and desperately moaning “ah~ahh” The jeans got further and further down, as she began to get it over her bladder her hand slipped causing the jeans to quickly wrap around and squeeze her bladder

“Ahhhh fuck” she said as pee spurted out dripping through her fingers onto the floor, making a small puddle, she held it back as best she could and tried to continue she got her jeans over her bladder and began to pull them down to her thighs so she quickly let go of where she was holding her crotch through her jeans and quickly tired to swap it to hold her through her panties till she could get those off, as she did pee gushed into her panties.

“Fuck nonononono not yet” she moaned grabbing her crotch with both hands and crossing her legs but it was no use

“No ahh shit” she moaned as pee began gushing into her panites making the already wet panites soaked with piss, as the pee dribbled down into her jeans that were around her thighs she jumped up and down but it was hopeless, pee flooded out and made her jeans soak up the pee flowing down from her panites.

Hssssssss “Nooo~~ ahhhh ~~shiiit~~~” she moaned as her panties and shorts became soaked with pee, a puddle grew on the floor and the sound of pee hit the ground Kenzie's face went red and her eyes became glassy as tears rolled down her cheeks, she fell to the ground as pee continued to flow.

She looked over her shoulder as the last of it emptied, and Katie and her love interest Braden along with onlookers were peering in at her in aww

Kenzie began to cry as the last stream of pee escaped her crotch

Epilogue

Katie helped Kenzie clean up the puddle. When Katie walked out Kenzie tried to dry herself off the best she could, cheeks still red, eyes still watery, she took off her shorts and panties and squeezed them over the bathroom tub, droplets of pee hit the tub, and she grabbed a roll of toilet paper and friend her legs and went around her crotch, she then dried off her panties and jeans the best she could but it was no use they were soaked.

She put the panties on a slight squish sound echoed as the cold and damp panties were pulled up and connected with her crotch. She then pulled up her shorts. She looked in the mirror and saw how big the spot really was, it was 100% noticeable that she peed herself, and the dark spot went around the entire area of her crotch and ass, she pulled the shorts down a bit and saw her bright pink panties now darker, cold and wet, she walked and went home ashamed, as she passed the gazing eyes of onlookers

