The Breakable Secretary

Author: Adamn

*000*2025-02-03 03:49

Prologue:

In the heart of the bustling city, where skyscrapers touched the clouds, stood the imposing edifice of Kensington Enterprises, a beacon of power and innovation. Here, in an office that could be described as both luxurious and intimidating, sat Amanda. At 5 feet 7 inches tall, with her long, cascading black hair that seemed to absorb all light, she was a figure of elegance and mystery. Her body was slim, almost ethereally so, with curves that spoke of both strength and grace.

Amanda was not your average secretary. She was the right hand to one of the most formidable women in business, CEO Victoria Kensington, whose presence alone could command rooms. Victoria was known for her unyielding ambition and her ability to spot talent, and in Amanda, she had found someone uniquely suited to her needs.

What set Amanda apart wasn't just her intelligence or her poise; it was her peculiar ability. She could hold her bladder for days—four to five, to be exact—without showing the slightest sign of discomfort. This wasn't a superpower known to many, but it was one that had proven invaluable in the high-stress environment of Kensington Enterprises.

The office was a study in contrasts, with modern art juxtaposed against the warm, dark wood of the walls. Amanda sat at her desk, which was always impeccably organized, her hands moving with efficiency over paperwork that would daunt most. Her black hair was tied back today, highlighting her sharp features and the focus in her eyes. She wore a tailored suit that clung to her form, a symbol of her readiness for any challenge the day might throw at her.

Victoria's voice, sharp and clear, cut through the quiet hum of the office, "Amanda, I need the quarterly reports on my desk in ten minutes."

"Certainly, Ms. Kensington," Amanda replied, her voice as calm as still water. She knew this would be the start of a long day, perhaps one where bathroom breaks would be a luxury she couldn't afford. But Amanda was prepared; her ability to hold was not just a quirk but a testament to her control over her body and her environment.

As she gathered the documents, there was a sense of impending challenge. The office was gearing up for a major merger, and every moment counted. Amanda knew that today might push her unique ability to its limits, but she was ready. She thrived under pressure, turning what could be a personal trial into a demonstration of her unparalleled professionalism.

In this world of high stakes and higher expectations, Amanda was more than just a secretary; she was Victoria Kensington's secret weapon, the calm in the storm, the one who could keep everything together when the world seemed about to unravel.

*002*2025-02-03 05:33

Part 1: The Test of Endurance

Before Amanda ever stepped foot into Kensington Enterprises as an employee, she had already caught Victoria Kensington's eye in an entirely different setting. It was during a high-stakes negotiation with another company where Amanda worked. For two days straight, amidst the flurry of discussions, presentations, and the constant tension of deal-making, Amanda had not once asked for a bathroom break. This was no small feat, considering the intensity of the meetings and the fact that they were often in rooms without easy access to restrooms.

Victoria watched Amanda with a mix of professional respect and personal fascination. Here was someone who not only matched her in endurance but seemed to do so effortlessly. Victoria, with her own secret ability to control her bladder for long periods, saw in Amanda not just a potential employee but a challenge, an enigma she was eager to unravel.

The negotiations were grueling, with Victoria pushing for every advantage, watching as Amanda managed her tasks with an efficiency that was almost superhuman. She made sure coffee and water were always available, a subtle test to see if Amanda would break her pattern.

Finally, as the second day was drawing to a close and they were on the brink of sealing the deal, Victoria leaned back, her gaze on Amanda. "You've been remarkable throughout these negotiations, Amanda. I've never seen someone so... disciplined."

Amanda gave a small, polite smile, "Thank you, Ms. Kensington. It's all part of the job."

Victoria's interest was piqued beyond the professional. She wanted to see just how far Amanda could go, to test her limits in a way that resonated with her own personal desires. With the deal signed, Victoria made her move, "I think you'd be an incredible asset at Kensington Enterprises. How would you feel about joining my team?"

The offer was unexpected, and Amanda, taken aback but intrigued, nodded, "I would be honored, Ms. Kensington."

From that moment, Victoria's plan began to take shape. She was not just hiring for skill but for the challenge Amanda represented. As Amanda transitioned into her role as Victoria's secretary, Victoria made sure to keep the schedule as tight as during those negotiations, curious to see if Amanda's control would waver under the constant pressure of her new position.

Days turned into weeks, and Amanda's reputation for never needing a break became the talk of the office, though no one knew the full extent of her capabilities. Victoria, however, watched closely, ensuring that meetings were long, that hydration was always encouraged, and that Amanda was always on the edge of her limits without ever showing it.

One particularly intense day, as they were about to head into yet another extended session, Victoria commented, "You know, Amanda, your ability to maintain focus under such... strain is truly something. It's almost like you're playing a game with yourself."

Amanda, not fully aware of the deeper game at play, responded with her usual professionalism, "Thank you, Ms. Kensington. I aim to be the best at what I do."

Victoria smiled, her eyes glinting with the thrill of the challenge she had set for herself and Amanda. She had hired Amanda not just for her excellent work but for the silent battle of endurance they would now share, each day a test, each hour a new layer to their complex relationship.

Victoria was eager to see how far she could push Amanda, how close she could come to breaking that iron control, all while maintaining the facade of a typical employer-employee dynamic. Her fascination was not just with the outcome but with every moment of this ongoing, unspoken game.

To be continued

*005*2025-02-03 09:21

{{2 hours ago, Lameone24 said:

Did I cause this ?

}}

Hahaha I was taking a break at my office and was reviewing my draft and saw your comment so i posted anyway

{{11 minutes ago, Cantholdback said:

I like this a lot, very curious!

}}

Thanks man, means a lot:)

*006*2025-02-03 09:33

Part 2: The Endurance Trials

The challenge had begun in earnest, with Victoria orchestrating scenarios designed to test Amanda's limits to the brink.

First came the three-day meeting in another city, where every moment was accounted for, from sunrise briefings to late-night strategy sessions. Victoria ensured that water was always at hand, encouraging hydration under the guise of maintaining alertness. The hotel, by some coincidence, had its bathrooms under maintenance, making relief an ordeal. Yet, Amanda moved through the days with grace, her focus never wavering, her composure intact. She was the epitome of professionalism, her endurance a silent marvel.

Next, Victoria organized an employee gathering in a remote forest for team-building. This was no ordinary retreat; it was a test of survival, of going back to basics, with limited facilities, including access to bathrooms. Here, nature itself was an adversary, but Amanda adapted, leading activities, ensuring everyone's comfort while never showing any sign of needing a break herself. She was like a force of nature, unyielding, her control over her body as steadfast as the ancient trees around them.

But Victoria wasn't done. She arranged for Amanda to attend a high-profile conference where the schedule was deliberately packed, with back-to-back panels and workshops, knowing the venue had notoriously few restroom facilities. She watched, hoping for a sign of strain, but Amanda only seemed to thrive under pressure, her intelligence and organizational skills shining through, leaving no room for her personal needs.

In a last-ditch effort, Victoria invited Amanda to join her on a yacht for a business retreat, a floating office where the sea dictated the schedule. Here, the isolation and the motion of the water should have been a breaking point, but Amanda navigated the days with the same poise, her ability to hold seeming almost superhuman.

Frustration built within Victoria. Each test was met with unwavering resolve from Amanda, who didn't even break a sweat, her control absolute. The game had become personal, not just about professional admiration but about Victoria's own desires and curiosities.

One evening, as they sat in the opulent cabin of the yacht, the ocean quietly lapping against the hull, Victoria could no longer contain her intrigue and frustration. She leaned forward, her eyes intense, "Amanda, your endurance is beyond anything I've seen. But I must confess, it's not just about work."

Amanda looked puzzled, her usual professional mask slipping slightly, "Ms. Kensington?"

"I have a... fascination with control, with pushing limits. I too can hold for days, but you... you've surpassed my expectations. You've made me question my own limits, my own desires." Victoria's voice was low, almost confessional. "I find it... incredibly arousing, to see someone else in such control, to test where that control breaks."

Amanda's eyes widened, the revelation catching her off guard. She had never considered her ability in such a light, never thought it could be part of someone's... fetish.

Victoria continued, her gaze locked on Amanda, "But you, you haven't even shown a hint of breaking. It's both infuriating and... exhilarating." She paused, the weight of her words hanging in the air. "I want to see how far you can go, Amanda. I want to be part of that journey."

The cabin was silent except for the gentle sway of the yacht. Amanda was at a loss, her mind racing with the implications of Victoria's confession, the professional lines blurring into something more personal, more intimate.

Victoria stood, her frustration and excitement palpable, "But we'll continue this another time. There's much more to explore, Amanda"

To be continued

*008*2025-02-04 06:13

Part 3: The Submission

The revelation of Victoria's desires had left Amanda in a state of shock, but as the days passed, she found herself contemplating the unique power dynamic that had formed between them. The yacht retreat had ended, but the journey into this new territory was just beginning. Amanda, with her iron control, saw an opportunity not just to meet Victoria's challenge but to redefine it.

One morning, in the quiet of Victoria's office, where the city's sounds were a distant hum, Amanda approached. "Ms. Kensington, I've been thinking about what you said."

Victoria looked up, her interest piqued, "Oh?"

"I understand your... fascination," Amanda continued, her voice steady, "and I'm willing to submit to it. I'm handing over... my control in this regard to you. You will decide when, or if, I get to use the restroom."

Victoria's eyes widened in disbelief, then excitement flickered across her features. "You mean...?"

"Yes. I submit my right to decide when I relieve myself to you. You will decide when, or if, I get to use the restroom."

The air was thick with tension. Victoria was both exhilarated and taken aback by Amanda's willingness to engage in this game at such a level. "This is... unexpected. And thrilling," she admitted, her mind racing with possibilities.

Amanda, her voice barely above a whisper, said, "I trust you completely, Ms. Kensington. I... I want it too. I want to know my limit."

Victoria leaned back in her chair, her gaze intense and probing. "This is a significant submission, Amanda. It's not just about control; it's about trust, isn't it?"

"Yes, Ms. Kensington," Amanda responded, her voice soft and yielding. "I trust you to know my limits, and I want you to decide when I get relief. I want to discover just how far I can go."

Victoria stood, circling around her desk to stand closer to Amanda, her presence overwhelming. "And what if I decide not to let you go, even when you begging on me? What if I push you to your absolute limit?"

Amanda's breath caught, her eyes downcast, showing her submission. "Then... I want that too, Ms. Kensington. I want to know how far I can go for you, how much I can endure."

Victoria's smile was both predatory and approving. "What if I don't let you, even when you're at your limit? What if I make you wait beyond what you think you can handle?"

Amanda's voice was soft, submissive, yet filled with acceptance. "It's okay if that's what you want, Ms. Kensington."

Victoria's eyes gleamed with dark satisfaction. "So it is then, Amanda. You know my true desire is that I loved to make one of you reach your limit and push it until it breaks. In the end, I'll make you piss yourself, eventually, Amanda."

Amanda's response was soft, her voice trembling with submission. "Then do it if you want to break me, I'll do it. I'll let you take me there. To finally, see me piss myself"

Victoria nodded, the thrill of this new power dynamic evident in her sharp intake of breath. "Agreed. Let's see how far this goes."

She decided to proceed cautiously, knowing full well that pushing too hard too soon could end this before it truly began. Her plan was not to break Amanda immediately but to test her limits gradually, to savor the control.

To be continued

*009*2025-02-04 15:21

Part 4: The First Test

A week later in the sleek, modern offices of Kensington Enterprises, an epic, three-day test of endurance was about to commence, a silent war between Amanda, the unyielding secretary, and Victoria Kensington, the CEO whose control was as absolute as her ambition. Amanda had willingly surrendered her right to use the restroom during office hours, a pact that ignited a fiery contest of wills.

The board meeting began with Amanda at her desk, her notepad and pen poised for the challenge ahead. Victoria, with a predatory gleam in her eye, watched every move.

"Drink up, Amanda. Let's see how much you can handle," Victoria said, her voice a velvet threat.

"I'm ready, Ms. Kensington," Amanda replied, her voice steady, taking a sip of water.

"We'll see how long that lasts," Victoria circled like a shark, setting the stage for the days to come.

As the second day dawned, Amanda's composure remained unwavering, a fortress against the siege of time. The room was thick with tension as Victoria observed Amanda, expecting her to show signs of faltering.

Throughout the day, Amanda maintained her focus, her pen moving smoothly across her notes, her demeanor composed. Victoria ensured water was always within reach, the air conditioning colder, the meeting more drawn out, but Amanda's control seemed unshakable.

The day wore on with Victoria occasionally topping off Amanda's glass, each time with a look that challenged Amanda's endurance. Amanda, knowing the stakes, sipped with measured caution, her eyes never leaving her notes but always aware of Victoria's probing gaze.

As the sun began to set, the tension in the room was at its peak. Victoria, with a final, almost curious glance at Amanda, said, "Well, well, Amanda. I've never seen you hold your pee for more than two days. This is going to be intrigued." Her tone was a mix of curiosity and provocation.

"I'm managing, Ms. Kensington," Amanda responded with a confident smile, her pen gliding across the paper with precision.

"How deep does your endurance go? I'm curious to see if you'll make it to tomorrow," Victoria leaned in, her voice a whisper of challenge mixed with a tease.

"Deeper than you might think," Amanda replied, her eyes burning with determination.

"Rest well, if you can. Tomorrow will be your ultimate test," Victoria concluded, her voice dripping with anticipation.

The third day arrived with an intensity that seemed to bend time itself. Amanda's resolve was still strong, her endurance a testament to her will. Despite feeling a little urge, her control was intact, much to Victoria's growing intrigue.

"Look at you, Amanda. Still holding your ground. I've never seen you last this long. How's that urge feeling now?" Victoria's voice was sharp, her eyes searching for any sign of weakness, her curiosity about Amanda's physical state now overt.

"I'm still standing, Ms. Kensington," Amanda's voice was steady, her movements controlled, showing only the slightest hint of the pressure she felt.

"Is that urge becoming a problem yet?" Victoria pressed, her smirk betraying her enjoyment of the challenge.

"It's just a little urge," Amanda answered, her composure only slightly marred by a small shift in her posture.

The day continued with Victoria ramping up the psychological warfare, her voice a constant reminder of the test, "Is that urge growing, Amanda?"

"I'll keep going," Amanda retorted, her voice showing no signs of wavering, her focus still on her work despite the mounting pressure.

As the meeting finally drew to a close, the room cleared, leaving behind the remnants of a grueling battle. Victoria approached, her presence overwhelming the space, the air thick with the drama of their contest.

"Three days, Amanda. You've outdone yourself, but remember, this was just the opening gambit," Victoria's voice was a blend of respect and a promise of more to come.

"I've met your challenge head-on," Amanda stood, her body showing the slightest tension but no desperation.

"Yes, but this was merely the first battle. Go, relieve yourself. You've earned it, but don't forget—this war is far from over. Later on, I'll push you further than you've ever gone," Victoria's words were a vow, her eyes already planning the next, even more intense test.

"I'm ready for whatever comes next," Amanda whispered, her voice filled with a calm defiance.

"Good. Because next time, I won't hold back. I'll see if you can surpass this new threshold with your urge in check," Victoria's smile was that of a seasoned predator, intrigued by Amanda's strength and control, the ending of this day marking not an end, but a prelude to something even more dramatic.

To be continued

*010*2025-02-04 16:55

Part 5: The Second Test

For this scenario, it was an employee gathering held for four days at a nature camp, an event that provided the perfect setting to test Amanda's endurance, the steadfast secretary, under the watchful and controlling eye of Victoria Kensington, the CEO known for her unyielding will. Amanda had sailed through the first two days with ease.

By the third day, Amanda had already demonstrated her capacity to endure, her control over her body impressive. Though she felt some urge, it was but a whisper compared to the storm she knew was coming. Her movements were still composed, her focus unwavering. "It's just an urge," she thought to herself, dismissing the sensation as if it were nothing more than a slight inconvenience. Her work continued without falter, her body language betraying no sign of distress, her mind set on the task at hand rather than her physical needs.

As the sun rose on the fourth day, the first signs of desperation began to show. Amanda's posture was slightly more rigid, her movements less fluid. Victoria, ever the observer, noticed immediately, her eyes widening in surprise.

"Well, well, Amanda, for the first time. Not, for the first eighty hours with no relief you finally look desperate," Victoria noted, her voice tinged with genuine astonishment.

"I'm not desperate, Ms. Kensington," Amanda replied, her voice steady but her hands betraying a slight tremble as she adjusted her notepad, her denial more for herself than for Victoria.

By midday, Amanda's desperation was grow. She shifted in her seat more often, her gaze occasionally drifting to the clock, calculating the hours left.

"Your control is impressive, Amanda, but how much longer can you hold out?" Victoria pressed, her tone teasing yet anticipatory.

"It's challenging, but I'm still here," Amanda said, her voice betraying a hint of strain, her legs now crossed more tightly.

"I wonder what it feels like, that urge to break free," Victoria mused, her words a direct jab at Amanda's growing discomfort.

By evening, Amanda was evidently desperate, her body language a clear indicator of her battle. Her posture was tense, her movements calculated. Victoria, sensing the peak of the challenge, was relentless in her teasing.

"Look at you, Amanda. You're at your limit, aren't you?" Victoria's voice was laced with a mix of admiration and provocation.

"I can still manage, Ms. Kensington," Amanda replied, her voice firm but with an undertone of desperation. Her eyes met Victoria's with a spark of defiance, though her body betrayed her true state.

"Still manage, huh? But a relief must be quiet temptation after, let's see? 88 hours," Victoria offered, her tone almost benevolent but with an edge of manipulation. "Do you want relief, Amanda? You've earned it.

Amanda, torn between her pride and her need, hesitated, hope flickering in her eyes but doubt in her words. "I..."

"Just say it, Amanda. Do you need to pee now?" Victoria asked again, her voice now a soft challenge.

"Of course I need to pee," Amanda admitted, her voice a whisper and mixed with relief at acknowledging her need.

"This must be the first time you admitted to someone, Amanda, it's that bad?" Victoria teased, her voice dripping with enjoyment.

"Please, Ms. Kensington, it's not that bad," Amanda lied, her voice a mixture of pride and discomfort.

But Victoria, with a smile that was all predator, decided, "It's that so? then, you'll hold until midnight. This isn't just about endurance; it's about breaking your limits."

As the night wore on, 94 hours in total with no relief, Amanda's struggle intensified. Every movement was a battle, her body edged to its limits. Finally, unable to bear it any longer, she turned to Victoria, her voice a mix of desperation and politeness, "Ms. Kensington, may I please use the restroom?"

Victoria's eyes gleamed with enjoyment at Amanda's request. "Oh, you're asking for permission now? How polite. Are you that desperate, Amanda?" she teased, drawing out the moment.

"Yes, I'm desperate, please," her dignity crumbling under the weight of her need.

"So, my little Amanda here is really desperate, huh? Want to pee pee?" Victoria teased, her voice dripping with mock sympathy and enjoyment.

Amanda took a deep breath, her cheeks flushed with embarrassment, and nodded her head submissively, acknowledging her need.

"Say it, Amanda." Victoria commanded, her tone playful yet insistent.

"I... I need to pee, Ms. Kensington. I need to go to the bathroom," Amanda admitted, her voice a quiet surrender to the situation.

Victoria, reveling in the moment of control, finally relented with a smirk. "Very well, you've earned it. Go ahead, relieve yourself."

Amanda, with a mixture of relief and gratitude, hurried to find respite, her steps quick and desperate. Victoria watched her go, her victory in the game of wills complete, her smirk a testament to the pleasure she took in pushing Amanda to that point of surrender.

To be continued

*011*2025-02-05 04:46

Part 6: The Final Test (Last Part)

A month after the gathering at the nature camp, Victoria Kensington called Amanda into her office. With a knowing smile, she announced, "Amanda, this will be your final test of endurance. Are you ready for the ultimate challenge?"

The test was set to last five full days, with no breaks for restroom visits. Amanda knew the drill by now; she had prepared herself mentally and physically for this challenge, her resolve as strong as ever.

The day began with ease. Amanda managed her hydration carefully, her control unwavering. By the end of the first 24 hours, she felt nothing, easily ignored amidst her work.

By the midpoint of the second day, the urge was more noticeable but still within Amanda's control. She maintained her composure, her body language showing no signs of distress. Victoria watched with an amused expression, "You're doing well, Amanda. But remember, this is just the warm-up."

Amanda, overhearing the comment, replied with a tight smile, "I'm ready for whatever comes next, Ms. Kensington."

As the 72-hour mark approached, Amanda's control was still impressive. She felt the pressure, but it was manageable, her focus on her work keeping her grounded. She found the first 72 hours relatively easy, her body and mind in sync to manage the challenge. "You're proving to be quite resilient, Amanda," Victoria remarked, her voice teasing, "But we're just getting started."

"Resilience is my middle name," Amanda shot back, her eyes meeting Victoria's with a spark of defiance.

The fourth day dawned, and Amanda's endurance was still remarkable. Her body was beginning to protest, but she held firm, her determination a shield against the rising tide of need. "Feeling that pressure yet, Amanda?" Victoria taunted, her eyes sharp.

"I can handle it, Ms. Kensington," Amanda said, her voice steady despite the growing discomfort.

By late afternoon, she was visibly more tense, her movements calculated to minimize discomfort, but her spirit was unbroken. "You're holding up well, but every dam has its limit," Victoria whispered, circling around Amanda like a predator.

Amanda, feeling the eyes of others on her, responded, "I'm not just any dam, Ms. Kensington."

As night fell on the fourth day, Amanda was struggling significantly. The need to pee was now pretty bad, her body language screaming for relief. Victoria, noting Amanda's struggle, asked with a smirk, "Do you need to use the restroom, Amanda?"

Amanda remained silent, her eyes fixed on Victoria, her expression a mix of desperation and defiance.

"Come on, Amanda, you can tell me. Just say the word, and maybe, just maybe, I'll let you go," Victoria cooed, her voice laced with a manipulative sweetness.

After a moment of silence, Amanda finally admitted, "Yes, I kind of need it now."

Victoria's smile was all teeth, "Come with me, Amanda." She led Amanda to the restroom, but instead of allowing her relief, Victoria lowered her own panties and began to urinate in front of her. "Ah, the relief, so heavenly. I fucking really needed that," Victoria moaned, her voice dripping with satisfaction.

Amanda stood there, her need amplified by the sight and sound, her body aching for the same relief. "Please, Ms. Kensington, when will you let me pee?" Amanda's voice was a whisper of desperation.

"Never, until you break. Or," Victoria paused, her eyes gleaming with malice, "If you want, you can offer me a holding contest. If you can outhold me, you can pee," she proposed, her tone challenging.

"But you just had relief!" Amanda protested, the unfairness of the situation clear in her voice.

"That's the point, Amanda. You need to hold until I need my second relief to get permission to relieve yourself," Victoria explained, her smirk widening as she watched Amanda's reaction.

Amanda could only stand there, stunned by Victoria's statement, the challenge feeling like an impossible mountain to climb with her current state of desperation.

The morning of day five with 96 hours worth of pee brought excruciating challenge. Amanda's composure had completely cracked; her posture was now openly desperate, her movements pained. "Look at you, Amanda. I can see the fight in your eyes, but your body tells a different story," Victoria teased, her voice filled with mock sympathy.

"Ms. Kensington, please," Amanda's voice quivered, but she stood her ground, "I can still manage."

By midday, her desperation had turned into moans of discomfort. She was visibly struggling, her body language one of agony, her legs trembling. "Oh, those little moans. Are you enjoying this, Amanda?" Victoria asked, her tone dripping with sarcasm.

Amanda, her voice shaky but filled with determination, responded, "I... I'm not enjoying this, Ms. Kensington. It's torture. I'm doing this to prove I can, but every second is a battle. I won't give you the satisfaction of seeing me crumble easily."

Victoria leaned in, her eyes glinting with a mixture of amusement and challenge, "Oh, Amanda, watching you struggle is the satisfaction. The fact that you're still fighting is what makes this so delightful. But remember, the harder you fight, the sweeter your surrender will be."

The afternoon saw Amanda not only faltering but also begging and crying for relief. "Please, Ms. Kensington, I'm begging you, I can't take it anymore," she pleaded, tears streaming down her face, her voice breaking with the strain.

Victoria, however, was unmoved by Amanda's pleas. "No matter how much you beg, Amanda, I will always deny you until you lost control," she said with cold indifference, her eyes fixed on Amanda, watching every sign of her struggle without an ounce of sympathy. "You thought you could outlast me? Look at yourself now."

Through her tears and desperation, Amanda managed a response, her voice a mix of defiance and despair, "I... I won't... break for you, Ms. Kensington. This... this isn't about outlasting you... it's about proving to myself... I can endure... more than you think."

As evening approached, Amanda's control was completely gone. Her moans had turned into whimpers, her body shaking with the effort to hold on. The minutes stretched into eternity, each second a battle against her own body. "This is where your endurance meets its end," Victoria gloated, relishing every moment of Amanda's ordeal.

"Please, please, I can't hold it any longer, Ms. Kensington! I'm really about to piss myself" Amanda cried out, her voice a mix of desperation and surrender.

"Then, piss yourself. You're mine, Amanda. You can't escape this," Victoria taunted, her voice dripping with dominance.

"Ah..." Amanda drawn-out moan that gradually intensified, rising to a breathless cry before fading into a low hum.

Finally, with her last scream but not so loud and after holding it for 120 hours the inevitable happens, she unable to hold back any longer, Amanda's body surrendered. A warm, wet patch began to form at the front of her pants, spreading outwards as the fabric darkened with the unmistakable sign of her defeat as Amanda lost control and pissed herself, the warm liquid soaking through her pants. "There it is, the moment I've been waiting for," Victoria said, her tone triumphant.

Victoria then leaned up close to Amanda, her words dripping with a cruel satisfaction, "Even a perfect lady like you can be this vulnerable if you get edged beyond your limit."

The room was silent except for Amanda's sobbing breaths after someone makes her pissed herself, the air thick with the aftermath of the grueling test. Victoria's heels clicked against the floor as she left Amanda alone with her humiliation, the silence that followed heavy with the weight of defeat and a newfound understanding of power.

Fin

*013*2025-02-06 12:43

{{14 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

Wow, just wow! What a fantastic story, I loved every chapter of it!

}}

Happy that u loved it! I was thinking of making sequel like Amanda gets revenge to Victoria. What do you think?

*015*2025-02-07 03:34

{{3 hours ago, Cantholdback said:

That would be amazing! I already thought it was kinda sad that Victoria did not have any desperation as Amanda pushed herself to make her desperate and wet herself so something with Victoria now being desperate would be lovely! Thanks for the story in either case 🙂

}}

That's what i thought too and thanks for ur support, Mate!

*018*2025-02-09 02:45

{{On 2/7/2025 at 7:33 PM, wedgeantilles said:

I'd definitly love to read that!

As secretary she may make some travel / meeting arrangements, where she manages to put Victoria in a situation where she has to desperatly pee, but just no chance to relieve herself.

}}

That will be a nice plot!

{{On 2/7/2025 at 9:39 PM, archiveIsCool said:

Is this the revival of OmoOrg? So many new exciting stories have come out recently. Yours included.

}}

Hahaha hope so! Thanks, Mate!

