Idea of story

Author: Adamn

*000*2025-03-19 01:54

Hello, Everyone! My name is Adam. I loved to writing a story and I have already written several stories.

Lately, I've been wanting to write but have been running out of ideas. Maybe you all have experiences or fantasies with the context that I have tagged above such as iron bladder, extreme desperation, holding contest, forced to hold, wetting & etc. I would really appreciate it if you would share it with me and if you are willing I will write a fiction based on it. If anyone is interested, please reply this topic or hit my DM!

Thank's in advance

*002*2025-03-23 08:25

{{On 3/20/2025 at 7:40 AM, orangelion said:

How about a woman wakes up late to work on a day of an important and long meeting. So she gets ready as quickly as possible and skips using the toilet. She arrives just as it is about to start and doesn't get a chance to pee. Then she has to endure a long meeting while getting increasingly desperate. Then towards the end she has to do a presentation herself while being on the verge of losing control.

}}

It's a pretty good plot, but I've seen plots like that a lot in fiction section. I need a unique idea to break through my passion for writing. But thank you for the idea, really appreciate it.

*005*2025-03-23 23:00

{{4 hours ago, orangelion said:

OK. How about a pee game show with different challenges and stuff?

Or how about a Mulan like scenario were a woman is posing as a man within a group of men. She she has to find way to pee without revealing she is a woman.

}}

That's quite interesting premise! When girl pose as boy, she find it difficult to find a chance to pee. The boys peed several times when the girl couldn't pee even once, forced to hold it, fear of her disguise being blown.

{{1 hour ago, Astraptera said:

When I'm low on ideas, I like to put characters in settings I find interesting with a full bladder and watch how they deal with it. Lately I've been playing with the idea of a background character solving a Holmsian mystery because they had to pee at an inconvenient time.

}}

It's pretty arousing to find someone with a full bladder being trapped in some situation when they can't find an opportunity or place to pee.


