An Embarrassing Situation

Author: Andy Waters

*000*2024-01-06 21:08

This story is based on fact. The names and some details have been changed to protect the guilty. In the story I am 'David'. Everything after arrival in 'Hatbridge' actually happened, but the first part of the story is fiction.

###

David and Paul had both been to a college reunion, though they were of different generations. Paul was in his mid-20s, and David about twice that age. They had spent the evening chatting to their respective contemporaries, and had much enjoyed the food and drink. They were amongst the last to leave, and spoke for the first time as they collected their coats from the cloakroom. By way of polite conversation, David asked Paul if he had far to go.

"Just outside Hatbridge," said Paul, "But I left my car at the station and came in by train."

"Well," said David, "I go near Hatbridge on my way home - can I offer you a lift to your car?"

Paul jumped at the chance of avoiding a wait on the platform on that cold

February night, and gladly accepted the lift. Soon they were leaving the city suburbs behind them, and were on the open road, chatting happily about their times at the College, and telling each other tales of some of the staff and students of their two generations. Half an hour later they found themselves on the outskirts of Hatbridge.

By this time David was feeling very uncomfortable from the effects of all the liquid he had consumed. He had another twenty minutes or so to drive after dropping off Paul, and he knew he would have to stop for a pee soon.

"I'm going to have to look for a toilet soon," he told Paul. "Is there one at the station?"

"It'll be locked by now," Paul replied, "But I need one pretty desperately, too. I was just plucking up the courage to tell you that I need to stop."

At this moment they saw a sign pointing to a shoppers' car-park.

"There's bound to be one in the town centre," said Paul, "Why don't we stop here?"

They parked the car and walked carefully to the shopping precinct. The place was deserted - it had a run-down look about it, and some of the shops were boarded up. It all looked very bare and desolate in the bright sodium lighting. But there was no sign of a toilet.

"I'm going to have to find somewhere soon," said David. "Me too," admitted

Paul, "In fact it's got so painful I must just sit down a moment."

They both sat on a low wall surrounding a patch of soil which had once contained shrubs and flowers, but served more as a litter bin than anything else now. They were shivering slightly in the cold night air.

"I wonder of there's a dark alley anywhere," asked Paul.

"Everywhere's so brightly lit, that's the trouble with these shopping precincts," David observed. I expect there are TV cameras around, too, so that would be risky."

As David turned to look at Paul, he saw that he had gone very pale in the face, and that he was shivering more than David would have expected.

"Are you OK, Paul?"

Paul didn't reply. He just quickly looked down at the ground in front of him. David followed his glance, and was amazed to see a little stream of water trickling away from the wall where Paul was sitting, which slowly meandered along the pavement, picking up dust and bits of dry leaves as it went. As soon as David, who was already putting huge amounts of will-power into containing himself, realised what Paul was doing, the effect was dramatic. He just had to let go, and soon there was a second parallel stream running away from the wall. David looked at the stream in amazement, and saw that Paul was looking at it too, with a rather strange expression on his face.

After about three minutes, Paul stood up and said, "Well, I think I'll walk to my car from here. It's not far."

David followed him, walking awkwardly as the coldness of his trousers suddenly hit him. He noticed that the seat of Paul's suit trousers was soaking wet, and the wetness extended down almost as far as the backs of his knees. On arrival at David's car, they said goodnight. Neither of them mentioned what had just happened - each was too embarrassed to make any comment to the other.

"It was a good evening," said David, "And I enjoyed our chat about our days at College. We must meet up for a drink some time and mull over old times again."

Paul said that he would enjoy that, and made a note of David's phone number in his diary.

A couple of days later David's phone rang. Paul was on the line.

"I'm sorry about that business in Hatbridge after you'd given me the lift the other evening. I hope it wasn't my fault that you found yourself in the same position."

"Well, I must admit that if I'd been driving alone, I'd have probably stopped by the roadside before we got to Hatbridge," David admitted, "But, you know, I had a strange feeling of mischievous pleasure while I was sitting on that wall, and I couldn't stop thinking about it when I got home."

"I'm glad you said that," Paul responded, "Because, believe it or not, I felt just the same. That's why I didn't say anything - my mind was working in so many directions at the same time. I can actually remember thinking that it was not really the weather for that sort of thing, as though it would be OK at any other time!"

"Well," said David, "Maybe we should get in touch when it gets a bit warmer."

And they did! But that's another story.

*002*2024-01-09 17:57

{{9 hours ago, Dthompson said:

Can’t wait to hear part 2

}}

There is a part 2, which I'll post soon.

*003*2024-01-10 21:43

{{On 1/9/2024 at 5:57 PM, Andy Waters said:

There is a part 2, which I'll post soon.

}}

Posted.

