OMOVEMBER DAY 2: Dani's classroom desk wetting

Author: Animepee1234

*000*2024-11-03 03:51

Day 2-

It was a Wednesday at Peakington High School, and Dani, a senior, was sitting at her desk with one huge issue she desperately needed to pee. Dani was a short girl, C-cup, black hair, and brown eyes, she was wearing gray sweatpants and a white crop top. She has been holding it since the start of 4th period, it was now 6th. She would have gone earlier if one issue hadn’t happened, at the start of the day the bathrooms were under maintenance, until the end of 5th period but of course, the lines were too long so she had to endure it through the hour-long sixth period… and she isn’t even 10 minutes through.

“Alright everyone, the unit 3 test is today,” the teacher said. “And you know the rules, no leaving the class till you finish”.

“Shit, I forgot there was a test today” Dani thought rubbing her legs together “I really need to pee” .

The teacher walked around and passed the tests out, as they fell on Dani’s desk a worried look went across her face, the test was 6 pages long. “I gotta finish this before I leave” Dani put her hand between her legs, she raised her hand

“Yes Dani” the teacher asked

“Can I use the bathroom before we start”:

The teacher gave Dani a look and said “You should have gone between periods, finish your test then you can go”

Dani became embarrassed as she heard giggles exchanged around the room. She picked up her pencil and began the test

After the first page she already had to go even more urgently than before, she started crossing her legs and had one hand constantly between her legs. “I really need to pee I can’t hold it for much longer,” Dani thought, just then a small spurt of pee escaped

“Ahh” Dani moaned quietly, her face went red, she looked around the room and saw two heads turn toward her, she quickly looked back down at her paper. “Shit, I can’t hold it”.

Dani shakily raised her hand, the teacher looked up and reluctantly said “yes Dani”

“Can I please go to the bathroom?” Dani said with a hint of embarrassment in her voice

“Dani, finish your test first, you know the rules” The teacher said sternly

Dani lowered her hand and continued the test. By page 3 Dani needed to go…BADLY, she was rubbing her legs together, she began to have periodically put down her pencil to use both hands to hold herself.

“I— Can't– Hold— it” Dani thought

“Ah shit” she thought as a spurt of pee came out “Hold it…hold it” she said to herself as she used both hands to grab her crotch

“Mmmm AHH” she softly moaned as she shot up and a bigger spurt of pee shot out dampening her panties and leaving a small dark spot on her sweatpants.

She bent down and held with all her might “I need to finish this test so I can go” Dani pulled one hand up and started answering the questions with Random answers, one hand on the pencil and the other holding her crotch. After about a page of this, she felt another spurt of pee escape, she quickly dropped the pencil and held her crotch.

“No no not yet” she said as another spurt escaped, leaving a noticeable dark patch on her sweatpants and nearly leaving her panties wet

“Mmmmm” she groaned “shit shit” she muttered under her breath as a burst of pee escaped a “hsssssss” sound was echoed

“Ahh no no no” Dani said in a sky voice, her pants now having a dark patch

“AHHH” She stood up and held her crotch but it was no use, pee gushed out between her fingers, and the wet patch grew around her crotch, down her leg. Pee dribbled between her fingers hitting the floor.

The entire class turned their heads and saw Dani peeing herself. The puddle below her grew larger and larger, tears rolling down her face “AHHHH STOP LOOKING” she cried, some of her classmates stood in awe, and some giggled

“AHH” she moaned, squeezing her crotch, she began to cry.

As the last few drops hit the floor, she was softly crying, her gray sweatpants were completely soaked. Dani was sent to the nurses office, as she walked her shoes squeaked from still being wet from the puddle she made.

She walked in, the nurse gave her a change of clothes and handed her a towel, and she went behind a curtain. She took off her sweat pants, she took a look at the dark patch that went from a large round patch around her crotch and ass, flowing into small lines down the legs she tossed it aside.

She then took off her pink cotton panties soaked with piss, as she slid them off, droplets were flung to the ground. She stood there naked for a minute, red in the face, crying softly tears rolling down her cheeks, she picked up her new set of clothes the nurse had given her, stuck the ones she wet herself in, into a plastic bag, put it in her backpack, and walked out to her next class hearing the giggles of her classmates as she walked.

