Ava's Track team accident

Author: animepee1234

*000*2022-11-23 04:24

One afternoon after school there was a track meet where Ava and her friends were competing in. After warm up Ava and her friends ran to grab drinks and Ava being extremely thirsty chugged the entire bottle.

Ava’s race not being for another 45 minutes or so decided to relax and hang with her friends on the bleachers until then and while she was waiting, she was slowly growing more and more desperate. With 30 minutes left she was now crossing her legs and every so often would hold her crotch. “I need to pee but I don’t want to go right now” Ava thought to herself. “Hey you, okay?” Her friend Rose said. Ava startled quickly replies “YEAH I’m fine”

With one event left before her race Ava now regretting that she didn’t go earlier because she was going to lose control of her bladder if she didn’t go soon.

Ava’s event was called as she got up a small spurt of pee came out; she quickly held her crotch to attempt to regain control.

Ava went over to the starting line and ran her race after finishing as the refs were writing down and telling the runners their times Ava was hoping up and down and her boobs bouncing with them. Of course, she was the last one to be told. Crossing her legs and bouncing trying not to piss herself, her time was finally given. As soon as she was told she ran into the locker rooms.

Quickly opening the door to the girl's locker room and running to the stalls two were out of order and only one was available but was locked she hoped up and down. Bending down holding her crotch as another few droplets of pee came out darkening her green track uniform more. She began slamming on the door yelling “open the door please I’m gonna pee” a big spurt of bee came out as a few drops fell on the floor and some trickling down her leg. “Mmmmm please open ahhh” she moaned and groaned. Another big spurt came out trickling. She tried the door for one more desperate attempt but of course no budge and just then…

*pssssssssssssss*

“Gaaaaaahhhhhhhhh ah haaaaaa” she moaned

She lost control, Ava’s green track uniform become completely soaked and darkened on her crotch. The pee falling from the crotch area of her uniform onto the floor making the sound of pouring rain. Some was going down her leg like a stream in the woods. As the last few drops came out more water came in the form of tears. Ava not having an accident since middle school, now had one. Her face turned red. Her track uniform was ruined and her bag still being outside with a change of clothes she decided to try and dry off her uniform since she still has races to do.

She took off her uniform exposing her boobs, ass and smooth pussy, she took a quick shower. Just then the stall that was locked unlocked someone ran out with a phone in hand. They took the track uniform Ava ran out of the shower exposing herself to the camera she tried to run them down. The kid ran out the door and Ava blindly ran after them then realizing she just ran outside… naked she ran back in the locked room and thought she’d text her friends to bring her bag to he- wait her phones in her bag

