Tinkaton's Tiny Bladder

Author: Aquraisus

*000*2023-05-31 16:35

A real short one while I wait for votes on the interactive story! Enjoy!

###

Tinkaton sat in her seat as the bus rolled down the street. Her big hands were jammed into her tiny crotch, her tiny legs wiggling and her thighs quivering as her bladder was ready to burst. Each bump the bus hit sent a jolt through her body, threatening to force her to release everything pent up. The poor girl had nearly been late for her bus home, and in her rush, had no time for a bathroom break beforehand. She did have time to down her giant cup of fruit punch she had bought before, along with other miscellaneous drinks she had consumed that day. For such a small Pokemon, it all went straight to her bladder and now begged for release.

"G-gotta.... hold it..." She whimpered to herself. Her whole body shook with agony as the giant ocean pushed against her aching spintchers. Every liquid in her kidneys had filtered out right into her tiny bladder, and now there was a giant watermelon weighing her down, trying so hard to force itself out and give her release.

The bus was close to her stop, but was it close enough? Each passing moment she could feel the tiniest drops escape, forcing herself to grip tighter to try and keep her liquids under control. It was such a struggle it was almost arousing, making her want to rub one out right there on the bus, but she couldn't do such a thing! How indecent that the thought even crossed her mind. Not only was it inappropriate, but if she came, she'd probably lose control of bladder as well. She'd have to hold back both of her intense desires until she got home, no matter how horny nor desperate she was getting.

A few minutes later, with her bladder on the verge of giving in, the bus finally hit her stop. She cautiously got up, arms still jammed into her tiny crotch as she stepped out the door. Slowly she walked up the street towards her apartment, very carefully and slowly, so scared of her bladder exploding right then and there. Every few seconds, the pressure and arousal made her pussy swell and throb with orgasmic need. Was she really about to cum just from holding it in? Was it really that hot to her? She had to pause walking to prevent herself from finishing right then and there. 'Just wait til you're inside' she said to herself 'You can masturbate all you want inside...'. The thoughts of rubbing herself out to orgasm was an even more arousing thought at the moment, and was actually helping distract her from her other more pressing need.

After what felt like ages, she made it to her apartment. She hopped and bounced in place as she looked for her key, finally finding it and unlocking her door. She made a mad dash for the bathroom, bladder teetering on the edge, turning the knob only to find it wouldn't over.

"Oh! Sorry Tinky, I'm a little busy!" That was the voice of Tinkaton's roommate, Cinderace, they were her best friend since high school.

"Ahh! Hurry hurry hurry!" Tinkaton pounded on the door, bladder ready to explode any second if Cinderace didn't hurry. "I am literally about to explode right now!"

Cinderace was rather into Tinkaton desperation, blushing when they heard how close she was to bursting. "Ah? How bad to you have to go, huh?" They teased from inside, smirking.

"I-if I don't get in there in the next 30 seconds it's all gonna come out! I'm literally teetering on the edge here!" Her bladder was screaming at her to let loose. Being so close to relief made it so much harder to contain. More tiny drips were leaking out of her. "I-I'm literally leaking-!"

Cinderace was getting more and more aroused. As much as they loved teasing her, they didn't want her to make a mess knowing they'd have to clean it. So they relented, opening the door for Tinkaton. "Alright, its all yours~"

Tinkaton rushed in, pulled down her shorts and panties, sitting on the toilet. Allowing her bladder to finally give in.

Pssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss....

"A-aahhh... Haaa... O-oh my god...." Tinkaton panted, almost moaning as her contents were released with such force. Cinderace was still in the bathroom, unable to stare at the arousing sight in front of them.

Tinkaton's moans continued to escape her mouth as her jet of piss only finally died down. As she finished peeing, she felt her pussy once again quivering with orgasmic need, she had nearly came just from relieving herself.

Tinkaton's hand almost went to her crotch to rub it out and finish, before she realized Cinderace was still in the room, staring directly at her. The two of their faces were reddened with embarrassment, but also arousal for the other. They stared at each other for awhile, before Cinderace finally broke the silence.

"...I-I could... help you out you know, if you wanna go to my room..."

Tinkaton's heart leapt with excitement. "T-that sounds great!"

Tinkaton cleaned up, and the two made their way to the bedroom. Tinkaton hopped onto the bed, spreading her legs out in front of Cinderace. Cinderace stared at her plump, quivering pussy, the sight of which made their dick stuck up in their shorts. The quickly tossed their shorts off and climbed onto the bed, hovering over Tinkaton with their decently larger member.

They slowly pressed their tip up against her wet pussy, making Tinkaton bite her lip to hold back a moan. She had been on the verge of climaxing all day, getting a chance to properly de-stress was just what she needed. Cinderace continued to grind their dick against her, both of them softly moaning before Tinkaton began to beg them to push it inside.

Unable to deny the request, Cinderace pushed their large dick into Tinkaton's pussy, making her moan out loudly in bliss. The very quickly started thrusting in and out, hitting every sweet spot imaginable inside of Tinkaton, making her entire body quiver with each movement. This thrusting was fast but steady, the both of them moaning and shaking with pleasuring, feeling closer and more connected than ever before. But soon, Cinderace needed more, starting to really speed up, which in turn made Tinkaton moan louder and louder as she started to get close to climaxing.

"Aahh... C-cinderace I'm gonna cum...!" Tinkaton moaned out louder, each thrust pushing them closer and closer to going over the edge. Cinderace redoubled their efforts, pounding her with as much speed and force as they could manage. It wasn't long before the two of them reached their limits. Tinkaton was first, crying out loudly as she came and her walls closed around Cinderace's dick. This quickly pushed Cinderace over the edge, they thrusted directly into her one last time, letting their pent up load of cum pump out directly into Tinkaton. Tinkaton quiver with overwhelming pleasure, climaxing a second time just from Cinderace filling her.

After a few moments, Cinderace collapsed on top of Tinkaton. The two embraced in a soft cuddle, their bond stronger than ever as they happily dozed off to sleep together.

