Shino's day

Author: Aquamin

*000*2020-03-25 22:12

"Okay, I did what you asked earlier" the voice of my girlfriend Shino pulls me away from my laptop. I hear her close the front door to the apartment and hang her coat up." I enter the hallway from where I was relaxing in the living room; I was pleased to see Shino had changed out of her store uniform before she got here. She was in her normal attire now. Plaited skirt, white button-up shirt and a thin silk scarf around her neck, her clothes nearly as beautiful as she is. "Hey Shino, how was your shift?" I play innocent, knowing it will get her riled up; I reach out to hug her like always. "Not very comfortable, Tanaka" she scoffs, "and you know perfectly well why."

"What do you mean darling? I don't know what you are talking about." I give her a playful grin as she accepts my hug. "Hhhhhmph, stop playing dumb you idiot" she pierces me with a glare. In response, I hug harder, making sure most of the force goes into her swollen bladder. It was like I could feel the shockwave go through her body, her cheeks went bright red and eyes wide. "Don't do that so hard or I'll...erm" she stumbled on her words, not wanting to say what I wanted her to say out loud. I knew it would be hard for her to blurt out, the embarrassment would be terrible, but I knew she could do it; all she needed was a bit more encouragement. "Come on, Shino, you know you can confide anything in me." My grip tightens in small increments as I spoke. Remember that night on the waterfront? The waves were splashing up on the beach, and the cool water was hitting our feet as we sat in the damp sand. We promised to each other that night to tell each other what our problems were."

Shino looked me in the eyes, her expression unimpressed "You brought that night up just to talk about water, didn't you?" This time I tripped on my words a bit "Welllllll I. yeah you don't buy my bullshit, huh?" Shino giggled softly "Not one bit." We broke our hug, and she moved past me; hobbling straight for the bathroom. "Hey, wait up Shino" I called after her before jogging to her side.

"What about the teasing, the holding and other stuff?" She had her head down, her long jet black hair obscuring her face. As much as I wanted to do all that stuff for you Tanka, I just can't hold it much longer. You fake wanted to know why my shift was uncomfortable? I'll tell you why." She then began a detailed list of the day. "9:45 am this morning I took my morning piss, a long hard stream after my bladder had kept urine locked in all night. 10 am: after drinking 500ml, at your instruction, I headed for my 6-hour shift. Every hour I drank 250ml as you asked me to. At hour number 4, I decided to do something to surprise you; I doubled my intake. That was a huge fuck up on my part Tanaka. I had to hide my desperation throughout the rest of the shift."

"My bladder was like a giant water balloon. Press too hard on it, and it would pop. I would have soaked my black work trousers in the middle of the store. A urine puddle the size of lake Niagra spread around my soaking wet sneakers. I felt the weight of all that pent up pee pushing on my pee hole, an ocean worth of pressure desperate to burst out of my pussy. It was like I was holding a glass vase on ice, one wrong move and my bladder control would shatter. My sphincter was on overdrive to keep me from spurtings.

I knew if I even so much as let a drop leave my bladder that would be the end of it. A leak would turn into a firehose stream in a matter of seconds as my poor bladder releases its firey hot contents. And during this torture, I could hardly do anything. I talked to customers over the counter with my legs crossed so tightly I lost feeling in them. My crotch felt like it was on fire. When I rubbed my thighs together, it felt so confusing. Partially it felt like my vagina was about to explode with a forceful piss, partially it felt like I was about to cum all over myself and then feel the relief of a monster-sized piss. Honestly, I'm not sure which would feel better."

If the bulge in my pants did not give away how excited Shino's description made me feel nothing would. "So-o-o how weren't you beside yourself with desperation at the door?" Shino reached into her skirt pockets and pulled out what I can only describe as my wildest fantasy. Her white panties, soaked through. They were so wet they were see-through, she squeezed them hard. A rainfall like stream of clear liquid fell to the laminated floor. She pointed at the front door "Might wanna clean the outside balcony a bit before someone sees the mess." I was cognizant as she said that, I think I just groaned in response. "I'm just gonna wash my hands quickly." She then ducked into the bathroom. "Oh by the way" I hear her call from inside "be a little bit more with it once you are done, Tanaka. I got quite excited from doing this, so I'm gonna need some help with that."

"I love you too" was my blurted response. I grabbed a bowl and some soapy water from the kitchen, slightly scared to see how big Shino's puddle was.

