Birthday Bash

Author: AlmightyIdiot

*000*2024-11-19 18:40

Upon the mountain side lies an isolated sprawl of homes. One individual runs up the road, whose stripes make a trailing afterimage. The tiger, barely breaking a sweat, even with two full bags, arrived at a house with no occupants inside. It was still early, the cloudy sky showing hints of blue and knew the homeowner wouldn’t be back any time soon. Martha began her work; placing her bags down, pulling out a long banner, “HAPPY BIRTHDAY” written in a bevy of colors and a background of confetti to make the design pop out. Walking towards the porch, something glistened in front of her. Inside of the door lock is a lonely key. Wow Sage wow! Luckily I showed up before anyone else did. As she shook her head in disbelief, that incident gave Martha inspiration. Turning the keys, she unlocks the door and proceeds to haul everything inside.

===

Evening approaches as the dark night creeps and devours what little of the blue sky remains. Ugh, hopefully it won’t pour until I make it back home. Leaning her head back as she waited for the red light to change, the gray deer tried to relax. Still wearing her Burg E-Z uniform, the sweat and scent earned from a long and hard day of work reeks in her car. Can’t wait to take a shower after getting home. The smells of greasy foods were in fact one of the worst aspects of working in the kitchen, but it fairs better than constantly talking to strangers all day like her other associates up front of the house.

The light changes color, Sage accelerates while grabbing a large cup of iced water. Another part of the job is the hot temperatures of being around frying foods and constantly moving her body to keep up with the high paced labor. It was about the fourth or fifth cup she went through, all to not overwork herself. Filling her cheeks with cool water, she gulps it all down. “Ahhhhh, refreshing,” delighted with a big grin on her face.

About thirty minutes later, Sage sees the familiar view of her lodge up the street. Parking in front of her house, a thunderous roar cracks the sky apart, sending a torrent of harsh rain. ”Eek!” Sage emerged from the compact car, and ran up to the security of the porch. It was only a few strides away, but her body’s soaked like she went under a waterfall. In front of her door, she huffed in annoyance, looking for her keys. Rooting through her work pants she found her pockets with only her phone, car key, and wallet. Double soon became triple checking, panic floors her face, Where did they go!

Sage’s apron pocket was bare and then she became more drenched and upset, going back to her car to see if they fell out. Contorting her body around the seats, she finds her car spotless, not a crumb nor a speck of hope inside. “Ngaaaahhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!” A cry of anguish rIngs from the car. Sitting back again, Sage reaches for her phone and texts her manager, “Can you lmk if anyone finds a set of keys on the floor.” Sparing the humiliating detail of being locked out, the gloomy deer hits send.

===

From the upstairs bathroom window, Martha peers from the curtain, hearing the distressed scream outside. Seeing the car, it was obvious that her VIP had arrived, and in a bad mood. She feels her pants vibrate. Pulling her smartphone out to see Sage's number, nerves hit her. Does she know!

Pushing her worries aside, Martha takes the call, "Hiiiiiii Sage! How's it going?"

"Horrible! I'm locked out of my house because I lost my keys." Even without looking at Sage through the window, she could tell how much despair Sage is wallowing in. "And I need the bathroom," Sage put a hand between her legs.

“Funnily enough, I'm in one right now”, Martha smirking to herself.

“Heh, can we trade places by any chance?”

“Would love to, but I’m not exactly finished up here.” Looking away from the window, Martha directs her attention to the porcelain piece sitting next to her. There was a good reason for being up here, “borrowing” some of Sage’s tea while renovating the place did its magic.

The stripped lass whimpered in her mind as a real one echoed over the phone.

"Shoot! it's getting bad. Stupid rain."

Twirling her legs together, Martha tries to ignore the desperation of both Sage and herself. The cold air from outside penetrated the closed sill, bugging Martha’s bladder further.

“If you can’t go at home, then drive back to work” While speaking, the bouncing babe unbuttons her jeans.” Maybe your keys are there."

Looking through her texts, she notices a response. Hoping for a discovery, Sage was disappointed to only read, "K".

“Ugh, it would be a waste of time to go there.”

"But you could use their bathroom.” All the while, she could be sitting down after taking off her pants. But a nagging feeling in her mind prevents her.

“I hate the bathrooms there! They’re never available when I want to go in all the days I’ve worked there,” Sage’s voice increasingly flustered.

“That sounds like bullshit bad luck, maybe this time will be your lucky break,” trying to bring some hope to her dire situation.

"No!" Sage shook her head rapidly enough to make sound through the phone.

"Besides, I'm not letting my coworkers see me like this, it's humiliating."

The feeling’s mutual, Martha coincides.

Listening to Sage whine didn't make Martha's urges any better, especially standing next to the porcelain seat taunting her bladder to sit and swoosh her juices out. But it kills her to know that she's the sole reason for making her friend suffer. Stepping out of the room, Martha continues to console,"So do you have a spare key outside?"

"Um, maybe?"

"It's either you do or you don't Sage," losing her patience. "Go out and check around."

Ahhhhhh, I hope I don’t regret this.

===

Ugh, she really didn't want to get wet, but sitting in her car wasn't going to make things any better. Back out in the chilly waterworks, her hair took an assault by a thousand shots from the heavens. The beatings stop as she makes it under the porch. Kicking the welcome mat away, she found herself looking like a fool. When was the last time I even used a backup key? She couldn’t fathom even having one in the first place, but with no better options, Sage presses on. She moves her search to the potted plants watching over the front. The mushy soil hid no metal and the undersides of the pots barren.

As she searched around, Martha was downstairs, “Any luck,” said over the phone.

“Nada,” Hopelessly tilting her head down and around every section of her porch.

Peeking under a blind, the stalking tiger ironically waits for her prey to wander away from the door. She hated the fact she had to keep her location a surprise right now. Oh, hi Sage, here’s your key, now let’s pee! Oh to be free of shame and pride. Not wanting either of them to struggle much longer, she needs Sage away for a second.

“Maybe you could check around the back.”

“Why the heck would it be there?!”

An epiphany came to Martha,

“Forget the key for a sec, why can’t you go out and squat, no one’s gonna see you there.”

“If I go back there, I might as well piss myself,” Drenching myself in this rain.

The shaky deer looks down on herself, her pee desires to splat down like the full clouds above.

Don't think wet thoughts! Don’t think wet thoughts!

Dry! Salt!

“-ge”

Crackers!

“-re you o”

Desert sand…

“Sage!”

“Gah!” Her partially sodden jeans became a bit warmer. Martha’s yelling alarmed the deer.

“Are you ok!” It pains her to watch behind the door, making the conscious decision to be helpless in her time of need.

Sage didn’t respond, only focusing on deep breathing to keep herself afloat.

As her back is turned from the door, Martha slowly unlocks it, hoping the rain masks what noises she made. She creeps it ajar so that only her hand can fit. Trying to inconspicuously plant the key back in the lock without peeking her head, she stumbles to aim correctly. Jamming blindly at every wrong part, she eventually gets it at an odd angle, disarming herself. She gasps as it falls, going for a quick reflexive catch, but isn't fast enough as it falls into a crack in the wooden boards, previously blocked by the mat. She covers her mouth, knowing that compromised the whole plan. Spying on Sage again, she still looks feeble, laying there on the cool, damp boards.

“Martha,” a pitiable cry rings out. “I don’t think I can do it.”

“What do you mean?” She knew what those words meant, but didn’t want to believe them.

A tear rolls down her face, “It hurts to hold it in.” Hazily breathing in, sounding croak, “I’m going to pee myself… here.”

Unwilling to accept those words, knowing this whole thing was completely her fault, and most regrettably of all, making her cry on her birthday, Martha rushes through the front door.

Before Sage could react to the outburst behind her, she could feel her body lift off the wooden boards. Yelping in surprise and from another leak ever closer to make her bad ending come true, Sage was also in awe when her blurry, weeping eyes saw a figure who could only be Martha.

She’s so cold, Martha thought, It must have been awful out there.

With not even a second to spare, Martha swivels around and hightails up the stairs in front of the door. Climbing each stair swiftly, she storms through despite the living dumbbell in her arms. Nearing the top, her eyes grow wide and her body crashes against the wall. Our heroine hoped to lunge forward without any stops, but in her adrenaline rush, neglected her own toilet needs. Martha bends down to leverage herself before making another move. Looking down, she couldn’t see her own groin, only feeling the warmth threatening to ruin her black tights. In her vision is Sage struggling, biting her lip, red in the face. All the sudden movements were not doing her any favors. The tiger wanted to join her whining and twitching legs, but must be strong for Sage.

Marching up the few remaining stairs, they turned the corner to the bathroom, only feet away. Her pace slowed, each step becoming a momentous task. Thankfully she left the door open earlier, Martha carries Sage inside and drops her in front of the toilet.

“You get first dibs!” Patting her head, Martha hurries off to close the door and let her do her thing. Oh shit, please be quick! The door shielding each other’s vision, the feline drops her guard and takes the opportunity to freely hold herself, leaning against the wall.

===

“C’mon you stupid…” Riddled with jittery hands, Sage fumbles getting the button detached. The belt was done in a cinch, why not this?!? In her panic, she yanks and pulls the black jean top madly. Hopping like there was a game of double dutch, all the tension pops the blasted thing off, bouncing to some hidden corner. Undone, her trousers fall to her feet. Cotton blue panties soon joining them, Sage turns and drops her rear onto the seat. She exhales a breath she didn’t even know she was holding. Rested and recovered, her bladder rang out a relieving roar.

Martha lays against the door with her legs clasp together. Hearing Sage’s call of nature, the satisfaction of making it up here and the sympathy felt turned into envy, longing to be in that position. The sound of water clattering is a cacophony. Martha wishes she could close her ears like a lid to a pot. However, her hands were currently occupied, holding on for dear life down there.

Unable to block out the sound of the kettle pouring seemingly endlessly, she stumbles onto the wall, her body failing to stand straight. Please!! Can you hurry up?

Enraptured in her relieving trance, Sage squeals out a soft cry, her hand muffling its volume. Sitting on her throne, gradually pouring out her pent up urine like a small stream trickling out to the river in a forest. Her small, floofy tail brushes against the seat unconsciously and unconditionally. It’s heavenly.

Pacing back and forth, she has to put her mind into work unless her bladder will be calling all the shots. Counting time being the only thing on her mind to distract from becoming a bursting geyser, it made waiting a daunting task. Every second felt the same and it soon became all slow enough, Martha could catch the nanoseconds by the jawful. She despised how slow Sage’s trickle of pee is.

Her teeth grate together, breathing heavy. Martha bends double, halting her laps around the hallway.

Fuck! Fuck! FUCK!! This is so bad. Even worse than the time I started lifting weights.

Enduring her kicking piss baby, the sound of flowing water stops. Her fangs show as she smiles, knowing it will all be over soon. She stares at the door, wanting to pounce at the first signs of movement.

And then the water turns on.

GODDAMMIT!

On the other side, Sage takes the time to wash her face and hands, feeling positively gross after being soaked.

Aloud, she sings Happy Birthday to scrub at proper length.

Martha stares at the door, waiting for her mini celebration to end. The thought of interrupting that pains her. Instead of slamming on the barrier between them, she forces herself to be patient. About twenty seconds later, and they were the longest ones yet, the sink dies out.

Ok, now…. Come out… now!

Despite being on edge, her mind defaults to playing a guessing game for when Sage finally exits.

What is taking you! Get the fuck out!

For a third time, the malicious sound of water plays again, unmistakably the shower starting up.

Is this some sick joke!

Fearing this would be the end, Martha pounds on the door.

“I’ll be done in thirty minutes,” Sage whips out, waiting for the stream to heat up.

“Thirty minutes!” Thoughts escaping from Martha’s mouth. “We don’t have time for this!”

Confused by what she said, Sage walks over and cracks the door to check on Martha. The former damsel in distress looks up to Martha’s face and body, seeing it contorted and plain uncomfortable.

“Oh!” Blushing at her predicament, “I’m sor-” She couldn’t take it anymore. In peril, the speedy stripes blitzs to the toilet, knocking Sage away. Her black running tights take heavy damage from the bombardment of pee escaping, becoming a shade darker. Practically tearing them asunder, they drop as she sits down. *CLLLLLLLLANGGGG* *PSSSSHHHHHHH*

It’s shocking that the seat didn’t shatter, probably taking years off its lifespan. No mercy, she erupts like Old Faithful, “HOLY FUCK!” Blasting an unruly spray of piss, the sounds echoes out to the hallway where even the mice in the basement could hear.

Sage couldn’t believe the sight in front of her, she wanted to give her the privacy she deserves, but is dumbfounded and in awe. The shower runs without anyone inside. Martha’s tongue sticks out slightly as her eyes barely open, paralyzed in the ecstasy, It all felt like a single second passed as both of them were still, unable to move

Thawed from pleasure, Martha kicks off her pants, repulsed at the wet sensation. The haphazardly thrown garments fly over to Sage’s feet, knocking her out of her own stun. “Ewwwww,” flinging them to her own clothes with her foot.

“So are you getting in the shower,” a tad annoyed with the additional company.

Sage’s brain in a bind, “Oh, I was… waiting for it to get warmer.”

“When it’s steaming up the whole room already,” teasing the poor girl.

Unable to find a proper comeback, “It hasn’t been that long!”

“Either way,” Martha positively annoyed with her host. “You’ve been staring like I’m the Mona Lisa, slackjaw.”

Caught bewildered, Sage stammers out, “OK! Fine. I was shocked and had never seen you like that before.”

“I don’t need an audience, go behind your curtain,” Martha fires back. “Not like I want to see you naked anyway.”

With a little “Eep,” Sage hops over to the running water, following a shrill cry, unprepared for the blazing sauna she mistakenly created.

Patting herself dry and flushing,” So do you mind if I stay here? I don’t wanna mess up your furniture.”

A beat held the conversation, neither wanting to admit how awkward it is to wait in the bathroom for their turn for the shower.

“Yeah, sure.”

Quickly changing the topic, “But I gotta ask, how did you break through my door?”

Wait, is she this clueless?

“Oh…right, um, I sorta was already here to make your birthday party.”

“But how? The place was locked, I always lock… Wait, did you say birthday party?”

“Yeah, happy birthday,” lacking gumption in her voice.

Stepping out, Sage gives Martha a big ol’ hug. “This is going to be the best!”

Slightly reluctant, Martha returns the gesture, “Just let me get washed up and we’ll get this party started.”

&&

