Levi Wetting (AoT)

Author: Alex62

*000*2022-10-28 02:35

Story ordinal by @SadisticSoftie and I added/edited it.

Levi Ackerman sat on a tree stump with his legs crossed sipping his tea. He and his team were about to trap a titan and hopefully finish it once and for all but, it was taking longer then expected. They already been out there for a hour and it wasn’t looking to end soon. This wouldn’t be an issue at all but today Levi had to pee from all his tea he had. If he got up and went off to find a place to relive himself the titan may come and get away or worst, kill someone from his team. Levi knew he should stop drinking his tea or risk an embarrassing accident but Levi loved his tea.

So he stayed there continuing to drink his tea and trying to not squirm. Levi sat there with crossed legs, swinging his foot hoping he could hold it till the titan was done with. He hoped the titan would hurry so he could kill it and relieve himself already but it still didn’t come. Levi started to worry he would have an embarrassing accident, his white pants and white briefs would for sure show his accident well and pool in his knee high brown boots making his legs swim in his own piss. He had to make it to the end.

After another hour Levi’s need to pee had increased by a ton. The tea he was drinking was going straight to his bladder and seemed to filled it within minutes and still was filling it. Levi started to consider just getting up and finding a place real quick to relieve himself but as he was thinking of that thumping was heard in the distance as well as the ground started to vibrate. The titan was coming and while Levi had to get up it wasn’t to relieve himself, but to prepare to fight.

Levi slowly uncrossed his legs and stood up. Looking around at his team he yelled at them to get into battle positions and bee see ready too to fight. Levi struggle to keep a straight face and get into position himself and not do a “potty dance” instead. He thought he was good and in position till someone asked him if he was okay. Levi then realized he was hoping foot to foot in place without even realizing it. Levi made himself stop and place on foot in front of the other and barked back he was fine. No sooner then that a figure appeared out of the trees. The titan was there.

He kept his eyes locked on the figure towering over them, sweat dripping down the sides of his face from his efforts to hold his urine. To his annoyance, he’d have to wait to wipe it off now. There were far more important things to deal with right now, but focus on the task at hand was already starting to wavering. Today, waiting was something Levi already done a lot of so he would just have to get use to it. His straining bladder certainly made him feel like this was the case. Levi had ignored the feeling for hours, however, in favor of the safety of the others. In retrospect, it was his own fault he was in this predicament. He huffed.

The titan approached and Levi refocused on his target. He yelled for his team to attack and he jumped into battle. Using his gear he started to spin up the titans arm slashing away at its skin with his two swords while his team distract it. Eventually so much damage was done the titan couldn’t defend itself and Levi went in for the final below.

The sudden feeling of his lower belly pressing harder against his belt made him pause briefly. This was a bad position to be in. Moving this way, the constant pressure was now requiring attention at nearly all times. The small muscles were holding back an obscene amount of urine by now. He considered the very probable outcome of the situation he hot himself in and shuddered internally, dissatisfied with the mere idea of soiling himself, nevermind doing so in front of all the watching eyes of his team and peers. Levi wish he could hold himself but his team would for sure see and he couldn’t let that happen. He shook the thought from his head as he leapt back into action, delivering a quick finishing blow.

As his feet hit the ground and the battle was finalized, he felt his body relax, the threat of death no longer imminent, but soon refocused on his need as a wave of desperation hit him. He tensed, not moving from his spot as the panic set in. Levi gritted his teeth and having no choice this time, Levi held himself. At this rate, he’d be unable to walk without at least leaking. He didn’t dare make eye contact with anyone, the world around him all but disappearing as he tried to come up with anything to remedy the situation. Breath growing uncontrollably heavy, he found himself bending over to discreetly reach his hand in his pants and briefs and hold himself while his free hand brushed blood and sweat from his face.

His tremendous efforts were useless against his tired body. The small muscles holding his urine gave out, and, despite his grip, urine began to gush though his fingers and into the white fabric of his briefs and pants. The flow was similar to that of a garden hose soaking his briefs and pants till they were more yellow than white. Levi removed his hand as hot pee began to flow through his clothing as if it weren’t even there to block its path and ran down his legs and filled his brown boots till they became min hot tubes. Pee also ran down the outside of his brown boots leaving obviously darker brown pee drips down them and causing a pee puddle at his feet.

The fabric, damp, see though, and sticking to his skin, was gravely uncomfortable. He wanted to rid of it as soon as possible, but he couldn’t. Not here. Not with the others watching, growing closer. He gulped, feeling a slight queasiness wash over him, and continued his efforts to remain stone-faced. As the urine continued to drip and flood down his front, he dropped to a one-legged kneel, trying to hide the shameful sight from view.

Levi felt his heart racing. He could see no way out of this scenario. Keeping his head down and his eyes locked to the ground, he listened to the footsteps growing nearer as his urine died down to a drip. He was deaf to the words being spoken to him. Lost in the fear of his soon-to-be embarrassment. The foul smell of urine and the cooling of his drenched and clinging clothing clouded his thoughts. He felt a hand rest cautiously on his shoulder as he fought the strangest urge to cry. It was too late to say anything. There was nothing he could do to hide it. His accident was now know by everyone and they all could now see his tighty whities. It was all over now and the embarrassment set in.

