The Queen's Falls

Author: Adamn

*000*2025-03-30 05:35

This story is the result of my discussion with one of the members. Thanks to @Hyde who gave me the idea and inspiration to make this story. Hope you guys like it!

###

The dormitory hummed with the restless energy of a long day’s end. Golden light spilled through the windows, illuminating the common room where female students of Eldwood University gathered after their final lectures. For most, the day had been a grueling test of endurance—hours of classes with only one fleeting bathroom break during the midday lull. Now, as they returned to the dorm, the air crackled with the sound of hurried footsteps and relieved sighs, girls darting to the restrooms to shed the burden of their restraint. But not everyone joined the rush. Two figures stood apart, their composure a stark contrast to the chaos: Shafa, the golden idol, and Karin, the gothic enigma.

Shafa moved through the room with the grace of a predator, her blonde hair shimmering like a halo, her tall, slim frame draped in a sleek suit jacket and tight pink leggings. Her face—sharp cheekbones, full lips, and eyes that sparkled with self-assurance—was the kind that stopped conversations and drew longing stares. She was the campus darling, adored by men and envied by women, her charm masking a core of arrogance. Known as the "Bladder Queen," Shafa wielded her uncanny ability to hold her pee like a scepter, never once betraying a hint of need. It fueled her cockiness, her sharp tongue often slicing into those less fortunate in their control.

Karin lingered on the fringes, a shadow in the bright bustle. Her dark hair framed a pale, pretty face, her gothic crop top and baggy jeans a quiet defiance of the dorm’s unspoken dress code. She didn’t care for attention, her shy, stoic nature keeping her isolated. Friends were a rarity, and she preferred it that way, retreating into her books or music. Yet beneath her edgy exterior lay a strength few noticed—an above-average bladder and a simmering disdain for cruelty. She watched Shafa’s antics with a tight jaw, her silence masking a growing resolve.

As the bathroom doors slammed and the crowd thinned, Shafa’s voice cut through the din. “Really, girls,” she said, her tone dripping with mockery, “you’d think you were all toddlers, racing off like that. Where’s your elegance?” She leaned against a table, arms crossed, her pink leggings catching the light as she smirked.

Lea, a brunette with a temper as fierce as her wit, spun around from the bathroom doorway, her face flushed with irritation. “Oh, shove it, Shafa. Not everyone’s a freak like you. Some of us actually feel things.”

Shafa’s laugh was a blade, sharp and cutting. “Feel things? Like the damp spot you left in the woods last semester? That was elegant—practically a swamp by the time you were done.”

Lea’s eyes blazed, the memory of that camping trip—a public humiliation Shafa never let die—stoking her fury. “You’re insufferable,” she snapped. “I’d kill to see you desperate just once, you smug bitch.”

“Keep dreaming,” Shafa replied, flipping her hair. “I’ve held it for days and still looked flawless. You’d crack long before I did.”

The room hushed, tension coiling tight. Karin emerged from the bathroom then, unnoticed until her quiet steps brought her into view. She’d waited out the rush, relieving herself in solitude, her dark eyes scanning the scene. Lea caught sight of her and grinned, a plan forming. “You know what? I bet Karin could take you down. She’s got control too—she just doesn’t strut around like a peacock about it.”

Shafa’s smirk flickered, her gaze sliding to Karin. “Her? She’d be a puddle before I even blinked. Look at her—too scared to even speak.”

Karin’s fingers tightened on her bag strap, her voice low but steady. “I’ll do it.”

Shafa blinked, caught off guard. “You’re serious?”

“I am,” Karin said, her stare unwavering. “Let’s see who cracks first.”

Lea pounced. “Perfect! A holding contest—Shafa versus Karin. But here’s the twist: Shafa doesn’t get to pee first. Karin just went, so you’re starting full, Your Majesty.”

Shafa’s laughter rang out, edged with disbelief. “You think that’ll stop me? I haven’t peed since 5 a.m.—twelve hours already—and I’m golden. I’ll bury her.”

“Then prove it,” Lea challenged. “Hold it ‘til one of you wets herself. No breaks, no mercy. Let’s see that iron bladder in action.”

Shafa’s pride flared, her chin lifting. “Fine. But don’t cry when Karin’s the one begging. This’ll be over quick.”

Karin said nothing, her resolve a quiet storm. Lea whispered to her, “Relax. I’ve got a way to rip that crown off her head.”

The contest kicked off that evening in the common room, a small audience of girls settling in for the show. Shafa sprawled on a couch, legs crossed with casual elegance, her pink leggings a bold statement of confidence. Karin sat opposite, rigid in a chair, her baggy jeans masking any tension. Lea hovered nearby, her referee role a thin veil for her scheming.

For hours, it was a slow burn. Shafa lobbed taunts like grenades, her voice a constant jab. “Poor Karin. You’re already doomed, aren’t you? Might as well give up now—save yourself the embarrassment.”

“Keep talking,” Lea countered, smirking. “It’ll make your fall that much louder.”

Karin stayed mute, her focus inward. Her bladder was empty, a clean slate, but she knew the real test loomed. Shafa, meanwhile, reveled in her twelve-hour hold, unfazed. She’d gone longer—days, even—without a flicker of distress. This was child’s play.

At 9 p.m., Lea escalated things. “Challenge time,” she announced, brandishing two-liter water bottles. “Fastest drinker gets a reward. Go!”

They both did the challenge. Shafa, who looked disdainful, drank the water casually, sipping it with a bored air of superiority. Karin, spurred by a quiet determination, drank quickly, gulping it down despite the cold shock to her system. What Shafa didn’t know was that Lea had slipped a strong diuretic into her drink—a secret weapon to tilt the scales. The result was clear: Karin finished first, setting her empty bottle down with a soft thud.

“Karin wins,” Lea declared, her grin wicked. “Her prize? A chance to pee.”

Shafa sputtered, slamming her bottle down. “That’s absurd! You can’t just—”

“Afraid, Shafa?” Lea taunted, leaning close. “Starting to feel that full tank?”

Shafa’s cheeks burned, but she forced a scoff. “Please. I don’t need it. I’m untouchable.”

The night deepened, the dorm falling silent as others drifted off. By midnight, Karin’s stoicism wavered. Her hands pressed into her thighs, her breaths shallow, the two liters stirring her bladder awake. Shafa pounced. “Look at you, squirming already. Pathetic. You’re done for.”

Karin clenched her jaw, silent. The pressure gnawed at her, but she wouldn’t break—not yet.

Lea leaned to her ear. “Hold on. You’ve got that pee chance. Use it when you’re ready. We’re waiting for her to crack.”

Shafa overheard, smirking. “She can pee all she wants. I’ll still be dry when she’s back. I’m invincible.”

Dawn bled through the curtains, the room bathed in cold light. After eight hours, Karin’s limit loomed. Her legs trembled, her hands white-knuckled on her chair. “I’m using it,” she rasped, staggering to the bathroom.

Shafa grinned as Karin vanished behind the door. The sound came next—a sharp, endless stream, crashing against the toilet like a taunt. Shafa’s smirk twitched, her body shifting subtly. She’d hit 24 hours now, bolstered by the water and—unbeknownst to her—the diuretic Lea had slipped in. Normally, this was nothing. She’d held 48 hours once, laughing it off. But a strange pressure pulsed low in her belly, unfamiliar and growing.

Lea caught the flicker in Shafa’s eyes. “That sound bothering you, huh?”

“I’m fine,” Shafa snapped, her voice tight. “Better than fine.”

Karin emerged, her relief a visible weight lifted. The contrast stung—one girl refreshed, the other teetering. Lea pressed her advantage. “One’s empty after twelve hours. The other’s at 24 hours since last relieved, stuffed to bursting. Bet it’s hitting you now.”

“Never,” Shafa lied, her legs crossing tighter. The diuretic churned inside her, speeding her desperation beyond anything she’d known. She could feel it—a dull ache sharpening with every minute.

Three hours later, at 27 hours, cracks spiderwebbed through her facade. Shafa’s breaths hitched, her fingers digging into the couch. Her pink leggings stretched over thighs that quivered faintly, her posture stiffening. Lea circled, predatory. “Look at that. The queen’s fidgeting. Feeling it yet?”

“I’m not,” Shafa hissed, but her tone betrayed her. The waves were relentless now, crashing against her iron will.

By 29 hours, the unraveling quickened. Shafa’s legs locked together, one hand hovering near her waist, trembling as it resisted the urge to grab. The room buzzed with whispers, Lea’s voice cutting through. “Aw, Shafa, you’re sweating. Need a break? Too bad you don’t get one.”

“Shut up,” Shafa growled, her bravado fraying. Her pride clung by threads, but the diuretic was a sledgehammer, pounding her defenses.

At 30 hours, she broke. Her hand darted between her legs, squeezing hard, her body rocking in a desperate rhythm. The crowd jeered, Lea’s laughter ringing out. “There it is! The Bladder Queen’s crumbling! What’s wrong—bladder not so iron now?”

Shafa’s brow furrowed, her mind racing through the haze of desperation. “Why… why do I have to go so bad?” she muttered, almost to herself. “This isn’t right. I’ve held it for days before—three days once, no problem. I shouldn’t be like this at 30 hours.”

Lea’s grin widened, seizing the opening. “Oh, really? Days, huh? Then prove it, Shafa. Hold on like you say you can."

“You cheated,” Shafa spat, her face red with fury and shame. “You did something to my drink.”

“Prove it,” Lea shot back, grinning. “Or admit this is your limit. Sad.”

The clock ticked to 31 hours, and Shafa was a shadow of her former self. Her legs twisted into a knot, her free hand clawing the couch arm. Sweat beaded on her forehead, her blonde hair sticking to her flushed skin. Every breath was a battle, her focus narrowing to the searing pressure threatening to overwhelm her. Karin watched from her chair, comic open but unread, her dark eyes flickering with detached curiosity. Shafa’s resolve wavered further. Her hand darted between her legs, squeezing hard, her body rocking in a desperate rhythm. She glanced at Karin, still serene across the room, and her voice cracked with frustration. “Why is she so calm? How can Karin just sit there like that?”

Lea smirked, glancing at Karin before turning back to Shafa. “Easy. After she peed, she’s only sipped a little amount of water. She’s barely full. You? You’ve got a tank sloshing around, and you’d have to wait, em, at least another eight hours ‘til she’s even close to desperate. Think you can make it, Shafa?”

Shafa’s eyes widened, the math sinking in like a stone. Eight more hours—felt impossible for her now. Her bravado faltered, her lips parting in a silent gasp as the reality of her predicament tightened its grip.

Lea leaned in, voice a venomous purr. “How’s it feel, Shafa? Knowing you’re about to lose it all?”

“I’m still winning,” Shafa rasped, but the lie was hollow.

At 32 hours—far below her record—she teetered on the edge. “Okay, I'm done—I need the bathroom,” she gasped, lurching up. Her steps faltered, hands clutching herself as she stumbled forward.

Lea’s crew blocked her, a wall of mocking grins. “Move!” Shafa barked, her voice cracking. “Let me through!”

“No chance,” Lea said, stepping in front. “You’re finishing this here.”

“You can’t stop me,” Shafa hissed, defiance flaring through her tears. “I need to use the restroom now!”

Hands seized her arms, dragging her back. They forced her into a chair, binding her wrists and ankles with scarves, leaving her exposed—legs spread, hands useless. She couldn’t cross, couldn’t grab, her vulnerability absolute. Karin sat across, headphones on, lost in her comic, a calm counterpoint to Shafa’s torment.

Shafa moaned, a raw, broken sound. The pressure was a knife now, twisting deep. “Let me go,” she begged, her voice small. “It hurts—I can’t hold it—it’s too much.”

Lea’s eyes gleamed with cruel delight. She pulled out her cellphone, thumbing it on with a smirk, the red recording light blinking to life. “Not yet, Shafa. First, you’ve got to say it. Say you lost. Say you can’t hold it anymore—on camera.”

Shafa’s lips trembled, her pride a tattered remnant clinging to her bones. She shook her head weakly, but the pain was unbearable, a white-hot agony that drowned her resistance. The unblinking eye of the phone bore into her, amplifying her shame. “I… I lost,” she whispered, the words choking her. “I can’t hold it anymore.”

Lea and her friends erupted in laughter, a cacophony of glee that echoed off the walls. Lea kept the phone steady, leaning closer, her tone dripping with mockery. “Aw, poor Shafa. Want to pee now?”

Shafa, tears streaming down her perfect face, looked up at Lea, her voice a broken sob. “Yes… I want to pee.”

Lea tilted her head, her grin widening. “Oh, my elegance girl, Shafa, really need to pee, huh? Want to use the restroom here?”

Shafa nodded, her desperation raw. “Yes… I really need to pee—I really need to use the restroom, please!"

Lea’s smile turned vicious, her voice a singsong taunt. “How bad do you need it, Shafa? Tell me.”

Shafa’s breath hitched, her body trembling as she fought the inevitable. “Bad,” she gasped. “Very bad.”

“Beg me, then,” Lea said, crossing her arms, the phone still rolling, capturing every second. “Go on. Beg.”

Shafa’s resolve shattered completely, her dignity a distant memory. “Please, Lea,” she sobbed, her voice cracking with shame. “I can’t stand it anymore. Let me go to the restroom—please.”

Lea laughed, cold and triumphant. “Beg all you want. You’re done.” Her minions snickered, phones out too, a chorus of lenses documenting every twitch, every tear, every pitiful word that spilled from Shafa’s lips.

At 32 hours and 30 minutes, Shafa’s pride dissolved entirely. Her body shook, a sob wrenching free as a dark patch bloomed on her pink leggings. It spread slowly at first, a humiliating trickle seeping through the fabric, then surged, soaking her thighs, glistening as it pooled beneath her on the chair. The room exploded—cheers, cruel laughter, taunts raining down like hail. “Look at her!” “The queen’s a mess!” “Some Bladder Queen!”

Shafa’s head bowed, tears streaming, her perfect face crumpling in defeat. The wet stain crept further, saturating her leggings, the damp fabric clinging coldly to her skin. Lea crowed, “There it is! The throne’s empty now!” Her crew kept filming, zooming in on the wreckage of Shafa’s dignity, the dark puddle spreading beneath her a testament to her fall.

For ten agonizing minutes, they let her sit there, bound and sodden, the dampness seeping into every inch of her pride. The scent of her shame hung heavy in the air, her pink leggings now a ruined banner of her defeat. Shafa’s sobs grew ragged, her pleas incoherent. “Please… untie me… I can’t…”

Finally, Lea signaled, and they cut her free. Shafa collapsed forward, hands covering her face, her golden hair a tangled curtain hiding her misery. The Bladder Queen was gone—stripped bare, her title a mockery.

Karin closed her comic, standing silently. Her gaze lingered on Shafa, a flicker of pity crossing her stoic face. But it faded fast. Shafa had earned this, years of arrogance crashing down in one wet, humiliating moment. Without a word, Karin walked away, leaving the fallen queen to her ruin.

These changes add a layer of technological humiliation with Lea’s recording, making Shafa’s forced confession even more public and permanent. The split dialogue slows the exchange, letting each admission sink in, heightening the tension and her degradation.

Fin

