Bedwetting girlfriend

Author: anotheroops1

*000*2017-11-10 22:38

It was in professor Genet's economics class that I first noticed her; she had flowing chocolate brown hair that I found myself staring at rather than focusing on the lesson. I was like a lovestruck middle school girl doodling pictures of her in my notebook (to be fair, I am an art student...), and couldn't even work up the nerve to talk to her. It wasn't until I dropped my glass water bottle on the concrete outside of the lecture hall that we met. As she was helping me pick up the pieces, our eyes locked just as they do in stupid romantic comedies, and I told her my name.

Her name was Alydia, and she was a business major. We spoke as we walked to the garbage on the side of the building to throw away my broken water bottle, and it was as if we had been best friends who hadn't seen each other for years. We threw away our piles of glass and began to walk back to the building our class was in. Suddenly she stopped and looked at me, and without speaking, began leaning in until I could feel her soft breath on my face. She kissed me, stopped, and looked up at me, asking with her eyes if I could feel the intense chemistry between us. I responded by kissing her back.

We dated for 3 months before I began to wonder why she wouldn't spend the night with me. She was my first real relationship, so I had nothing to compare this to. I had never asked her to spend the night, but she hadn't asked me either. I was clueless and innocent and had no idea how to ask her to stay over, I always assumed it would happen naturally. We "fooled around" in her dorm room quite often (and a few times in the girls bathroom), and we had sex once at a party. But I wanted to spend the night with her, and feel that intense intimacy. I invited her for dinner at my apartment. Around 10, like she always did, she decided it was getting late and that she should go.

"hey wait, i was thinking maybe you could stay over tonight-I mean, if you want to. I mean you don't have to but just if you w-"

"I'd love to, but I have to study. Sorry babe." She studied a lot.

After a few more months, I decided to ask her what was up. At this point, I had known for awhile that I loved her and i was starting to believe she didn't love me back. When I asked her, she began to blush. Then, she began to cry.

"Alydia, hey it's okay, I'm sorry. I'm not mad okay, I'm just confused."

Between sobs, she said, "okay, you're going to break up with me after this." She tried to compose herself before she continued. "I have issues with my uh, bladder. I, like, wet the bed, and um, I have to sleep in, diapers." As she said this she began to get up to leave, and i pulled her back to the couch and kissed her.

"Alydia, I love you, okay? Nothing you could say to me would change that. If I broke up with you for having a medical condition, I'd be such a bitch and you'd have permission to slap me." She smiled, her face still covered in tears, and kissed me. We talked for a while about her condition and the corrective surgeries she's had that didn't work, and all of the people who broke up with her because they either found out or she couldn't work up the nerve to tell him/her. The entire time I was intensely turned on, but I could tell this was something that was hard for her to live with so I had to contain myself.

A few days later she was finally ready to stay the night. We drank and had dinner and watched Netflix until around 1am when the night progressed to the bedroom. After we were, well, finished, she went to the bathroom to put on a diaper and pulled a pair of silky shorts over it. She looked so cute.

When we awoke, she began to rush off to the bathroom, but I pulled her back into bed and kissed her. She kissed me back for a moment before pulling away, "wait, let me change quick-" I interrupted her by gently sliding my hand down her stomach to the bulk of her diaper, pressing on the saturated fabric while kissing her. She appeared to be almost as turned on as I was, and slid her hand onto my p*ssy, over my underwear. I let a squirt of pee escape, and whispered, "I'll wet the bed with you." She began rubbing my p*ssy as I let a slow steam of pee escape.

I hope you guys like this :) it's my first story so let me know if u want me to add onto it

