The Contest

Author: AlphaCentauri

*000*2023-04-16 11:46

Hi all.

This is a story that I began a while ago. Hopefully I can get it finished. 😉

Hi, I’m Dan, and I’m a superhuman.

Yeah, I know. Kinda dumb way to say it, kinda pretentious. But what can I say? I get a little kick out of the whole AA-style introduction, as if you all are going to say “Hi Dan,” and then I’ll say how long I’ve been clean for. And I sure as heck couldn’t say “I’m a superhero,” because I’m not. No costume, no cool name, no alter ego. Not to mention no public outcry, no PR issues, and no archvillains. Ain’t nobody got time for that.

But yeah, I have superpowers. Or, rather, a superpower. Basically, I can push thoughts into people’s heads. Think like Inception, only without the two hours of weird dream rules, awesome cinematography, and deep brass bwaaahs. More like that movie Push, if any of you have ever seen it. Actually, almost exactly like that. The main difference is that like Inception, a thought won’t always “take.” That’s why I work as a manager in a shoe store and live in an apartment with two other guys instead of just convincing everyone that they should give me whatever the heck I want until I live in my own mansion with my own cadre of hot girlfriends.

No, whenever I push a thought, it just appears in the person’s head, and they can second-guess it or ignore it like any other thought. It has to be something mild enough to potentially be true for them to accept it without getting suspicious. Not that their suspicions would land on me, of course. At least I hope. But I doubt anyone would jump to the conclusion “Dan has superpowers” before “I must be going crazy.”

So, the main things I tend to use my gift for are for avoiding minor inconveniences. I’ll push things like “he (me) was before me in line,” or “he (me again) already paid me that 20 he owed me,” or “it must be my turn to clean the bathroom.” If someone is already forgetful or just not focusing super hard, those kinds of thoughts tend to slip in unnoticed. Bigger things get filtered out. Inception was right about a thought needing to be in its simplest form for it to stick. Complicated thoughts get ignored in the same way weird dreams do, as just a bizarre production of the subconscious. Likewise, anything thought too specifically in my favor gets second-guessed and seen through.

Now, before you think of me as too much of a creep, you’ve gotta understand that it’s not like I use it constantly. First of all, like any skill, it takes some focus and some effort. Second, it’s not the kind of thing you just whip out all the time. Take lockpicking, for example. You think the guy that can pick locks is using that crap every chance he gets? No, of course not. And not just in case he gets caught, either. It’s just—there are some lines you won’t cross.

A conscience is a funny thing.

So, like any normal person, I tend to go as close to that line as I can. There are times, I admit, that I’ve crossed it and felt bad. And not just because I thought I might get caught, either. I’m not scared of that. It’s just the feeling that I went too far. You know?

Anyhow, for having a superpower, my life turned out way more boring than you’d expect. Having a relatively easy out for any real responsibility (I coasted through school by making my teachers think I had already turned in assignments I never bothered to do) just made me lazy, and ambitions of greatness never caught fire in me. Though it has been a kick to watch my roommates tear their hair out wondering how I’m so lucky with girls. Meanwhile I have to convince myself that my gift only smooths out the rough patches in relationships. It’s not as if I’m making anyone do something they don’t want to do already. It doesn’t work like that, I’m pretty sure.

The surprising uninterestingness of my life was changed when I met the others.

I first met them about eight months ago, I think. Athena was the first. Turns out, she can read minds, which made it easy for her to find other people with special abilities. Now, you might think that being around a mind reader would be a very uncomfortable experience, and you’d be right. Thankfully, by the time I met her, Athena had grown jaded enough with other people’s thoughts that she doesn’t really care anymore. Lucky for me. I wouldn’t want anyone to pay attention to my most depraved inner musings, especially a girl.

When you’re around her, though, it’s almost hard to think of Athena as a girl, at least in that way. Like, she definitely looks feminine enough, even attractive—short, and a little on the overweight side, but in a curvy way. No, it’s just that she tends to act so much like a guy, like, her mouth and mind can be just as filthy sometimes as the hairiest tattooed biker gang member you could imagine. Now, I know that a lot of guys think that a girl with a dirty mind would be a turn-on, but it’s not that way in person. At least, not for me. It ends up feeling more like hanging around with another dude, but one that’s kinda hot and you could theoretically bang, which just feels weird.

So, yeah, I met her first. She introduced herself to me as bluntly as an apathetic telepath would, and then later brought me to meet the other two at a pond they like to gather at. The shared bond of superpowers (and the relief of not having to hide them, most likely) made up the glue of their little circle, and it was apparently all that was necessary. Because other than that, they don’t really have anything in common.

First of the other two is Ray. Ray’s power is limited prescience, which means he knows what will happen shortly in the future. Now, depending on which movie you’re watching, this could either mean that it will definitely happen, or it could mean that you are now free to change that potential future. In Ray’s case, it means the latter. He can see how things will go if left to themselves, and then he can modify his actions to try to alter the outcome. It doesn’t mean he always can, but it does mean that he tends to be very lucky, at least to those who don’t know his secret. Seriously. Try beating him in a game of chess.

Whereas Athena is sarcastic and indifferent, a regular real-life Daria, Ray is loud and temperamental, with something of a sadistic streak. I wondered why anyone would want to hang out with someone like him when I first met him, and I still wonder it, after hanging out with him for the better part of a year. Like, really, he and Athena don’t make very good company. I guess it really is just the existence of our powers that connects us. Sometimes when around them, I’ve wondered: does having superpowers tend to make you a butthole? Also, would someone think the same thing about me if they met me?

And I haven’t even gotten to the last member of our little group. His name is, and I kid you not, (clears throat) Zenimeck 88 Oblique Transversal. Yeah. It’s ridiculous. We tend to just call him Zenny or Zen. He claims that he’s not from this planet (which would explain the stupid name), and as silly as it sounds, I believe him more often than not. It would certainly make sense, given his power. His ability is straight-up telekinesis. He can influence matter with his mind, though he can also use his hands to amplify it, Scarlet-Witch style. Only without the glowing red aura. Otherwise, he usually exudes an atmosphere of saturnine self-importance. Think the whole “alien civilization condescending to the puny humans” trope. All I can say is, if it’s an act, it’s a pretty dang good one.

Yeah, so when we meet together, it’s often more about us just shooting the breeze or getting food or whatever than anything actually relating to our superpowers. Sure, there have been the few joking references to “teaming up,” as well as bits of backstory or sharing times we’ve used our powers. We don’t really actually use them together. Not actively.

That all changed last week, though. We were down by the pond, as usual, eating some pizza we’d picked up, when Ray pointed off across the pond and said, with his mouth full of crust, “Check out that chick over there.”

Zenny and I both looked. Athena’s gaze didn’t shift from her phone. While Ray pointed out girls often enough—his “type” was basically anything with boobs—this one was noticeably walking stiffly but quickly and fidgeting before she disappeared into a store on the street across the pond. Ray spoke up again. “She probably has to pee pretty bad.” He chuckled, swallowed, and wiped his mouth before leaning back. “What is it with girls and having to go to the bathroom? There’s always a line going out the door. They must have tiny bladders or something.”

Athena, still focused on her phone, said, “That’s one of your stupider ideas, Ray.” It wasn’t unusual for her to respond to things that hadn’t actually been said yet.

To fill the rest of us in, Ray chuckled again and gave voice to what he had evidently been thinking. “I’ve got an idea. What if we had a little contest?”

While I leaned in closer, Athena merely rolled her eyes. “You’re a pig.” Zen showed no signs of even paying attention, but that was normal for him. I was curious, however. “What kind of contest?”

Ray looked over, grinning, with one eyebrow devilishly cocked and a malevolent glint in his eye. “Well, we’ve each got different powers, right? So, what if we had a contest with each other?”

“Right, what kind of contest?” My voice took on an irritated edge at having to repeat my question.

“It’s simple. We go to some kind of crowded area—like a mall or a park or something—and we set a time—like maybe two hours—and we try to see which of us can make the most chicks piss their pants?”

Athena didn’t react, since she already knew what Ray was going to say. Zenny, in what was for him a gratuitous display of emotion, arched a single eyebrow. But I started back, stunned. Was he serious? A quick glance at Athena’s unchanging expression confirmed that he was. It was a couple of seconds before I could respond at all, during which Ray just sat there, his stupid grin never faltering. Apparently he knew that we weren’t about to turn on him en masse.

At this point, Zen spoke up. “A contest of skill forcing girls to wet themselves seems rather fruitless.” (And yes, if you were wondering, that was a haiku. I forgot to mention it, but that’s another thing that makes me think he’s an alien—every time he talks, it’s in some kind of verse like that.)

Ray was undaunted. “Nah, it wouldn’t be for anything. Just for fun. Think about it. It’s not like we’d be doing anything illegal. And how often do you get to see a girl pee herself? I think it’d be pretty hot.”

I have to stop right here and say that I wanted to say something at that point. I really did. I wanted to object on some kind of principle, some reason why we shouldn’t go along with his insane idea. But the truth was, deep down inside, I admit I felt a sense of intrigue. I remembered an experience from when I was a kid, and a neighbor girl getting scared and saying something along the lines of “I almost wet myself,” and then imagining what it would’ve been like if she had. Even back then, it stirred something up inside me.

Athena heaved a deep sigh and crumpled the empty beer can she’d been holding. “You know what? Screw it. Sure, Ray, I’ll go along with your idiotic overcompensating contest. Whatever does it for you, I guess.”

Ray cackled and looked at Zenny, who merely gave a slow blink and cocked his head ever-so-slightly to the side. To us who knew him, that was confirmation enough, and now Ray’s overeager and somewhat fiendish smile was aimed at me, waiting to see if I was in or not.

I swallowed hard, my throat going dry. I wished the others hadn’t been so fine with his idea, that I wouldn’t be the only one to object. And at the same time, I still had a battle inside, the spark of morbid curiosity unable to be quenched. If I spoke up in protest now, Athena would already know that I actually wanted to try Ray’s idea, and wouldn’t that just make me a hypocrite? Plus, Ray’s face never changed. Did that mean he already knew that I was going to say yes? Did I even have a choice?

I cleared my throat, then replied, my voice cracking as I did so, “Okay. When will we do it?”

*003*2023-05-02 10:37

So it was set. After a little bit of deliberation, we agreed to try our luck in a local park (a different one from where we normally hang out, and one in a more densely populated area). I say “a little bit of deliberation,” but in reality it was mostly Ray just making up rules and the rest of us going “sure, okay, whatever.” We’d try our luck from 2 to 4 pm on the upcoming Saturday.

That was three days ago, and today it was Saturday. As we all stood together, surveying the vast numbers of parkgoers spread out in front of us, I tried not to look as nervous as I felt. This whole thing still just felt so weird to me.

An elbow nudged me, harder than necessary, in the ribs. It was Athena. “Relax, dude,” she said, her voice just as flat as ever. “It’s not like anyone’s gonna catch us. Just see what you can do. Or, like, don’t. Whatever, you know?” Then she trudged forward, going nowhere in particular. Zen followed wordlessly, his gaze fixed and stolid.

Lastly Ray set out with a saunter and a laugh. “We’ll all meet up afterwards to share details.” He drew the last word out lewdly, then gave another giggle and was out of earshot. That just left me. I sighed, trying again to suppress my jitters. I’d never used my superpower for anything so…direct before. Would it even work? Could it even work? I suddenly realized that I didn’t even have a plan of action. Whereas Athena’d probably been reading everyone as she went, and Ray probably had been thinking of schemes for the past 72 hours—and who knew what went on in Zenny’s head—I wasn’t sure what to do. And on top of everything, the curiosity that had sprung to life when Ray first made his suggestion had only gotten stronger. Now it was making my palms sweaty with a kind of excitement, reminding me of how I felt the first time I saw a girl naked. I guess, in a way, this was kind of the same thing.

All right. First things first. Where were girls most likely to need to pee? The bathrooms, I guess. If I could find the restrooms building, that would be my best bet. A couple of minutes spent trying to look less aimless than I was ended me up at one of the brick public restrooms. I was just about to find a seat somewhere and try not to look like a creep when I noticed Ray already hovering nearby, looking very much like a creep. I tried to slip away before he saw me and made some kind of leering face, a sense of discomfort about what we were doing rising up in equal opposition to the weird excitement I felt. What if it actually worked, after all? After keeping my powers to a minimum most of my life, something like this—it’d make me feel like I owned the world.

Finally, another public bathrooms building. I checked my phone to see how I was doing on time. Crap, it was already 2:19 and I hadn’t even started trying yet. A quick glance around didn’t reveal any of the other three, so this seemed as good a place to try as any. I didn’t see anyone coming in or going out yet, though, so I guess I just had to wait. Standing awkwardly by the water fountains, I pulled out my phone and tried to pretend like I was waiting for someone. The whole time, I was wondering how I’d actually try to do this. I guess I could just…tell her to do it? Like, mentally, obviously. It’d be a long shot, clearly, but I wouldn’t know until I tried, right?

A couple minutes later a woman walked up. I looked up at her and gave her a polite smile before going back to my phone. In that time, I saw that she was white, probably in her mid-thirties, maybe 5’4”, and wearing a baggy t-shirt and black track pants. Oh, and no sign at all of urgency. Bummer.

Well, it was now or never.

I held my phone so tight my knuckles were turning white as I willed the thought into her mind. I tried to keep it simple, something that would be immediately understood and make a reaction.

I can’t hold it. I should probably just pee my pants and get it over with.

There. It was done. I could feel the sweat on the back of my neck as my heart starting beating faster, wondering if it would work or not. Without risking looking up, I focused my peripheral vision on her. Her stride towards the bathroom door showed no sign of change whatsoever.

And then, she stopped.

Heat surged up into my face. Did it work? Was it really that easy? I knew my whole face was probably red, judging by how my ears were burning, but I had to know. Swallowing hard, I looked up.

But by then, she had starting walking again, with the same unbroken pace. No dice.

Shoot.

It took me a couple of minutes for the adrenaline from that first attempt to get out of my system. The first woman left, and a sneak peek of her butt didn’t show even a hint of a wet spot, so it looked like she hadn’t even had a momentary loss of control. I’ll admit, though, that my sneak peek lasted a little longer than necessary. This wasn’t so bad. The first one was a failure, but so what? I could keep trying. And even if nothing happened, it was only two hours. Besides, maybe the others would have more success. I remembered Ray’s comment about sharing all the juicy details afterward, and realized that I actually would want to hear it. Maybe Athena not being around was making me more honest with myself.

The minutes ticked by as more women came and went. Each one that approached, I pushed the same message to, with no luck. I mean, it had always been a long shot. Maybe eight or nine women had passed through, and I was just about to switch tactics, when it happened.

Just from the way she was walking as she drew near to the building, I knew it would work this time. My heart starting hammering in my eardrums again as I looked up. She was probably 5’7”, blonde hair down past her shoulders, wearing a tank top and tight white shorts. And hot. Like, probably a 9/10. Of course, my judgment may have been skewed by the awkward, stiff-legged gait she had as she approached the door just a little too quickly to pretend she was okay. Clearly, she needed to go—even if not desperately, at least badly. She didn’t return my look as I pushed, this time with confidence.

I could tell the moment the thought landed in her brain. She suddenly stopped, and her eyes grew wide. Still, I could tell by the look on her face that she hadn’t lost the fight yet, and any sane person who’s just had the thought of wetting themselves cross their mind while right in front of a bathroom will take the obvious option literally right in front of them. I knew I had to thwart that option, and fast. In a split second, I pushed a second thought:

If I go in there, anyone in there will see me pee myself. I need to find somewhere secluded.

It was, again, a long shot. But I was hoping that just maybe, she was in too much of a hurry to think very clearly. I pushed the two thoughts again, hoping that sheer overwhelming insistence would break past her defenses. And hey, she hadn’t started moving again yet, so maybe it really was working.

The problem was that I knew time was against me. If she stood there internally debating for any longer than half a minute, well, then that meant she obviously could hold it long enough to go use a toilet. But this was where I got lucky, and I mean really lucky. It was right then that two older women, maybe both over fifty, strolled our way, talking and laughing with each other as they strode nonchalantly into the women’s restroom. I looked back at her face now, not even trying to be subtle anymore. The way she bit her lip was all I needed in order to know that my second thought was taking. She swayed her hips back and forth once before suddenly glancing over her shoulder, and I knew she was trying to find someplace else to go. I chanced another push:

Behind the building. That’s the best shot.

It worked instantly. She turned away from the door and started jogging around the corner. I watched her butt as she went, hugged so tightly by those shorts, hoping to see a spreading wet spot. Again, nothing. She was still as dry as my own throat as I tried to follow without looking like a creep. If it was really going to work, I didn’t want to miss it.

I rounded the corner in time to see her with her hands on her waistband, from what I could tell about to yank her shorts down and pop a squat. Once I showed up, she immediately shifted to look like she merely had her hands on her hips, and despite her blushing face I could tell her body language was that of trying unsuccessfully to feign looking casual, though obviously in a fair amount of discomfort. Well, of course, since she had seen me, I could hardly just stand there like “carry on, don’t mind me.” I needed some kind of excuse for following her, so I made up the first thing that came into my mind. I smiled as I walked up to her and said, in my best (though still bad) English accent, “Excuse me, but I’m waiting for a mate of mine. She said she’d come meet me by the loos, but that was nearly an hour ago. Are there any other toilets around? Maybe I’m at the wrong one.” I don’t even know why I tried to do an accent. I was internally kicking myself for being so dumb.

Instead of laughing at me or looking disgusted, though, she tried to give a quick smile and answered. “I’m sorry to hear that. I, uh, I think there are other bathrooms around. Um,” (she laughed nervously) “I don’t know where, though. Sorry!” She could barely contain her jitters, and I could barely contain my excitement. I pushed again.

I can’t wait any longer

It’s too late

I can’t wait any longer

It’s too late

At the same time, I gave my best (still bad) English-sounding laugh and answered, “No worries. Thanks, though.” Then, on a whim, I dared to go further. “I guess she knows about some toilets that I don’t. Makes sense, though. Just between you and me, she’s always hurrying off to the bog. I used to joke that if she was ever more than a hundred yards from a loo, she’d piss herself.” I laughed, and she laughed with me, though clearly nervously. Her eyes were starting to look frantic and I could see the sweat beading on her forehead.

I can’t wait any longer

It’s too late

I’m going to pee my pants right here

There’s nothing I can do to stop it

My heart was beating so hard by now that I felt sure she must’ve been able to hear it herself. I’m sure in any other circumstance, anyone would make a hurried excuse and run around the corner while they still could. But my pushing was clearly taking hold, and so what happened next was truly magical.

In a split second, she broke eye contact and her nervous laughter cut short, her mouth dropping open in an expression of shock at her bladder’s sudden (but inevitable) betrayal. Still trying to maintain my innocence, I watched her body stiffen as she bent forward just barely. I was sure that if she’d been alone, she probably would’ve suddenly either jammed her hands into her crotch or grabbed her thighs or crossed her legs or something—anything, really, to stop what was happening. The next thing I knew, I could hear a faint hiss, followed by a much louder splattering. Anyone who has been privileged enough to witness someone else have an accident knows the exquisite blend of factors that produce that unique sound. I knew my face was red now, maybe even as red as hers, as I dropped my gaze to her shorts.

Already the wetness had spread itself evenly out on either side of her crotch, glistening in the light as it continued expanding. Her pee sprayed out directly from her groin and splashed against her left inner leg, while streams of it were flowing freely down both legs. I watched, fascinated, as it dribbled into her sandals, splattering over her painted toenails, and puddled in the grass. She stood still, breathing in and out, peeing herself, unable to stop. Even better, since her shorts were white, the wet material was becoming transparent, revealing a pair of green panties underneath. It was absolutely beautiful.

@@All in all, she couldn’t have wet her pants for longer than half a minute, though it felt far longer. When she was done, she stood in shock for maybe ten more seconds, probably processing what had just happened, all while the last drops of her pee dripped off the cuffs of her shorts. Then she heaved a big sigh, ran a hand through her hair, and looked down at herself. She took in the damage at the front before doing a half turn to see the back—and I don’t know if she just forgot I was there or something, but in doing so, she pointed her butt right at me. I’ll be honest—I don’t know what it was, but in that moment, that intrigue I experienced as a kid at the prospect of a girl peeing her pants suddenly revealed itself as pure sexual allure, plain and simple. Like, I don’t know if I’ve ever gotten an erection that fast before. Her shorts were totally soaked in the back, and her panties—thong panties!—were totally visible, nothing left to the imagination. Seeing both cheeks framed as they were in wet cloth made me almost come right then and there.

Just then, it was as if she remembered my existence. She lifted her face back toward me, guilt and embarrassment clearly visible in her wide, doe-like eyes. To tell the truth, I didn’t know how to react either. The realization that I had just made a girl have an accident—and also, that I liked it—made me just as speechless as she was. And even though I wasn’t the one with wet pants, I didn’t want her to notice the state of my crotch.

Eventually, I just swallowed and said the first thing that came to my mind. Still in my fake English persona, I just muttered, “Blimey.”

*006*2023-06-10 11:07

I honestly don’t remember how the rest of the two hours went. I just know that after watching this hot chick pee her shorts right in front of me, it took me something like a good ten minutes of splashing cold water on my face in the bathroom to get my brain right. I think I read somewhere that power is the greatest aphrodisiac, and while I’m pretty sure that was talking about how women are attracted to powerful men, in the moment it took on a different meaning for me. Being so turned on by watching this girl lose control, and knowing that it had happened because of me, because I had a freaking superpower, well. I’m not sure I’d ever been that turned on.

About what happened to the poor girl, though. I think I was too hot under the collar to really reflect on what I’d done, but I know that seeing her face and that vulnerable look on it gave me a small but powerful twinge of guilt, really the only thing souring the moment. Knowing she must be super embarrassed about peeing herself in front of a total stranger, I had to try and smooth things over. First of all, I quickly pushed a bunch of comforting thoughts to her, things like “that feels better now” and “it could’ve happened to anyone” and “they’ll dry out pretty quick.” You know, damage control. I wouldn’t want one of my best memories to be one of her worst, even if she was a stranger.

Then, still sounding like a dork, I tried to play it cool. I knew my face was still beet red, but I managed to get out something like, “Ah, don’t worry about that. I’ve seen my mate wee herself plenty. It’s no big deal.” Not exactly comforting, obviously, but as the only witness, I didn’t want her haunted by the idea of running into me again sometime. I followed it up by some more pushes: “He probably means it” and “I’m sure he won’t tell anyone” and “he’s nice. He could’ve been a total creep.” Obviously, the fact that I was even putting thoughts into her mind was pretty creepy, and trust me, that fact was not lost on me. But I was still really turned on, so it didn’t really stand out at the time. Basically, what I’m trying to get at is that the smile she gave before running off to the treeline to dry out looked genuine enough, so I think it worked. At least, I hope it did. I didn’t have Athena around to verify.

So, yeah. The rest of the time went by in a haze. I know Ray wanted it to be contest, but I was still too flabbergasted by my success to think about increasing my count. Heck, I don’t think I even thought anything would happen for any of us. And now not only was I on the board, but I had a fresh memory burned crystal clear into my mind’s eye. A little part of my brain wanted to replace “mind’s eye” with “spank bank,” but I didn’t want to be quite that honest with myself, at least not yet.

By the time I came back to the predetermined meeting spot, Athena was already there. “So you got one too. Nice.” She then held up a fist for an unenthusiastic bump. I know she’s psychic and all, but it probably was pretty obvious from the look on my face, and I knew I was likely getting redder knowing that she now knew exactly how excited watching that girl pee herself made me. It was made even more uncomfortable by the fact that we were the only two of our group back yet, so it was either awkward conversation or awkward silence. I’m not sure if it was made better or worse by Athena breaking the tension:

“Hey, look, dude, don’t sweat it. I’m sure everyone has their thing that they’re into. You think I don’t overhear dirtier minds than yours? Come on.”

I know I went an even deeper red at that, but it only made Athena laugh. Honestly, a large part of the awkwardness wasn’t just that she knew—I was used to that—it was that it was something I myself had only just found out. Not wanting the interaction to stay so one-sided (and not in my favor), I said in return, my voice cracking slightly,

“What are you into?”

She gave me a look that was somewhere between offended and amused. “Wouldn’t you like to know.”

I didn’t want to leave it at that, so I pressed further. “No, but like, seriously, Athena. Do you ever overhear someone who’s into the same stuff you are and try to hit it off that way? I mean, you know everything going on in our heads, and none of us know anything going on inside yours.”

@@She faced away, and when she spoke, her voice had a new flatness to it. As in, flatter even than normal. “You think it’d be cool to know what everyone thinks, but trust me, it’s not.” She paused, and I thought that was that, before she went on. “But to answer your question, yes, I’ve done that kind of thing before, and no, I’m not going to give you any more details than that.” Now she was done. I was of course wondering about what she meant, but I knew she wouldn’t go any further, especially since she knew I was still thinking about it but stayed silent anyway. Then something she’d said earlier popped back into my brain, and I was about to ask her about it when she answered me ahead of time. “Yeah, that’s right. I got one too. But don’t bother asking about it ’til Ray and Zenimeck are back, ’cause I don’t wanna have to tell about it more than once.” Naturally, I very much wanted to ask about it, since it didn’t seem fair that she could already know all about mine, but I guess I could wait. Especially since she seemed totally uninterested in the whole contest in the first place.

Turns out I didn’t have to wait very long. It was only a couple more minutes before Ray loudly shouted to us from afar. I turned to look, and Zenny was there with him. His face was as expressionless as ever, but Ray’s had an amusing mixture of naughtiness and irritation on it, like the kind of look a toddler would have when finding out that someone else had stolen more cookies than he had. I assumed that meant that Zen had gotten more wettings.

Well, I was close, but not quite right. As they came up to us, Ray said, a bit too loudly, “I spent the whole time trying, and guess what? I only got one. Freaking one! And this turd goes and gets one almost right away, then quits! So now we’re tied.” He let out a scoffing sigh. “What about you two? Any luck?”

I nodded, “Also one, yeah.” At the same time, Athena, looking down at her phone, held up a single finger.

Ray looked at us in disbelief before busting out with a loud and irreverent laugh. “Hah! So we all tied, huh? Still, better than nothing.” His eyes took on their familiar malicious glint. “Details? How ’bout I go first?” Without waiting for a reply, he launched into his story.

“So, I tried my luck at the bathrooms first, right? Well, pretty soon, that was a dead end. ’Cause, like, how are you gonna get a chick to piss herself when she’s already at the bathroom? So yeah. I started thinking, where’s someone gonna be who needs to pee that’s not a toilet? So I decided to check out a nearby bar. Find some day-drinkers. Someone who’d need to take a leak but could be distracted.

“So, before heading there, I swung by the corner bodega and grabbed a six-pack of beer and put it in my car. Then I drove a couple of blocks to find a bar and went in. It was still pretty early, right, so not too full. But I quickly set my sights on this Hispanic chick sitting at the bar. She already had a beer in front of her, and man, let me tell you, she was something else. Great face, great hair, great body. I mean, big boobs and a big, round, juicy—”

“Shut up and get on with the story, Ray,” interrupted Athena. Although used to Ray’s crudeness by now, it still seemed to irritate her. “Besides, I know you’re exaggerating.”

Being called out put a scowl on Ray’s face, but he continued. “Whatever, so, the point is, I sat down and started talking. And you know how it is. She couldn’t resist my charms.” He flashed a devilish smile, but when none of us reacted, he kept going. “Yeah, so I found out it was her second beer. So we talked for a bit and I bought her a third one. Well, by this time, all that beer’s gotta be going somewhere, right? I kept the conversation up until I knew she was about to go pee, then I said, ‘Why don’t we get out of here? I’ve got a six-pack in the car, still cold.’ And she thought for a little bit, then agreed.

“So we drove out to under an overpass and drank some more beer. Then one thing led to another, and we started making out. I knew she was probably needing to go pretty bad by now, so I started rubbing her bladder, just to see how she’d react to it. At first not much happened, but then she started pushing my hand away, so I knew it must’ve been working. We kept at it for maybe another fifteen minutes, before she finally said we should stop because she needed to piss. I kept trying to tell her it was no big deal, just to see how desperate she’d get before she did something about it. Eventually, she told me that she liked me, but she really needed to go before it was an emergency. Well, obviously, we were under an overpass, there were no bathrooms around. So I said, ‘You want me to take you home?’ and she’s like, ‘Sure.’

“So I started driving as she gave me the directions, being careful to go slower than normal. In the meantime, I could see her crossing her legs, trying to look casual, but I knew she had to pee. At one point, she even asked if I could go any faster. I said okay, but kept driving the same speed. By the time we got to her apartment building, she was obviously pretty uncomfortable.

“So we get out, but I try to keep talking, right, keep flirting with her. The whole time she’s into it, but she can’t stand still. I know that I’m close by now. Another few minutes go by, and then she has to excuse herself again, but I ask if she’ll invite me up to her place. And she says yes, so we go inside together. While we’re on the elevator, it’s just the two of us, so I try to make out some more, but I can tell she’s really having a hard time holding it by now.

“Once we’re at her floor, I try to stall her some more, but she’s totally laser-focused at this point. We get to her door, and I ask if she’ll let me in, but she’s not sure, and besides, she’s gotta pee. And then she pulls out her keys, but she’s moving so fast, she drops them. And I know, it’s now or never. I reach down and grab them before she can, and I tell her I’ll play a game with her. I’ll give her the key back if I can’t guess her phone number, a digit at a time, with no more than ten wrong guesses. Well, she’s not really in the mood for games now, but I made sure to do it as smoothly as possible, saying that if I get her number right, I can keep the key to let myself in. So she thinks I’m just flirting with her.

“And you know how it is. I can always guess right because I know if she’ll say right or wrong. Still, I didn’t want it to seem too suspicious, so I threw in some wrong guesses there too. But I got the entire number with only nine wrong guesses. So then I’m like, ‘I guess this key is mine, then’ and laughed. She laughed too, but then she said, ‘Come on, Ray, just let me in. I’m really about to piss my pants here.’ And then she put her hands in her crotch, so I knew she wasn’t exaggerating. I try to keep up the banter, and I say, ‘That’s okay. You’re right outside your apartment. You could always change them.’ She laughed, but then she’s like, ‘Or you could just let me in and I wouldn’t have to.’ I tsked at her and said, ‘No can do, sugar. I won this key fair and square. I think I’ll just make you wait.’ She moaned and kept trying to get me to give it to her, so I started teasing some more. I started talking about dripping water, and waterfalls, and things to make her more desperate.

“And then I knew I had her. The last thing I needed to do was one last little push. I started tickling her, and when she bent over, laughing and grabbing her crotch, I pulled her hands out with one hand and kept tickling her with the other. Then she gasps, still laughing, and full-on pisses herself. I mean, like, completely. She must’ve been peeing for like a minute. Her tight jeans were totally soaked by the end. And the whole time she’s swearing, and I laugh, and she punches me, but she’s still wetting her pants. By the end, there’s this huge puddle all over the floor. Once she’s done, she demands her keys back again and cusses me out. But then I go in for a kiss again, and the next thing you know, we’re making out again while standing in her puddle. So that went on for another few minutes before she left to shower and change. And who knows? Maybe I’ll call her, see if we can make something happen between us.”

Neither Zen nor Athena had any outward reaction to this. Maybe I didn’t either; I couldn’t tell. I just knew I was now feeling monstrously jealous of Ray (already something that had never happened before), even though just a few minutes earlier I was still riding on the high of what I had witnessed. I even was wishing a little bit that I could be Athena and see it in more detail directly from Ray’s own head, which maybe should’ve been a sign that I was getting way too into this whole thing. Otherwise, I never would’ve wanted to see inside Ray’s mind, of all people’s.

After a second or two, Athena looked up from her phone, still bored. “Cool. Should I go next?” Without waiting for anyone to answer, she started her story.

“Unlike you pervs, I don’t have any great way of making anything happen, which meant I had to focus on finding the right target. I ended up wandering around the park for a long time, especially in places with a lot of people, just listening. It’s a lot like using a police scanner. I would either sit down or wander slowly, just getting a general read on everyone. There were a couple of potentials, usually women in groups who didn’t want to break away and find a bathroom, but most of them were dead ends.

“Then finally, I had a breakthrough. There was this 26-year-old redhead who could barely think of anything other than finding a bathroom. I thought to myself, ‘This might be it,’ and began following her at a distance. The good thing was, we weren’t close to any restrooms in particular, so she didn’t even really know which way to go. That gave me time to try to glean information from her, though it was hard to sift through all the panic of needing to pee.

“When I finally thought I had enough to work with, I called out after her, ‘Bridget!’ She stopped and turned to see me, obviously didn’t recognize me, and said, ‘Yes?’ all while trying to stand still. It was good, because I could tell that the interruption was making her desperation worse, since now she was delayed but didn’t want it to be obvious that she was close to bursting. I went on: ‘Hey, it’s me, Athena. Remember me from high school? We were in the same dance class together.’ I knew she had taken dance in high school, so it worked as an alibi. And then I had to try not to laugh, because she put on this face of fake recognition, even though she doesn’t know me from Adam. And she was all like, ‘Oh! Hey! Athena! Good to see you again!’ before coming in for a hug.

“I could tell that now she was trapped, because she wanted to be polite and act nonchalant, but it was getting harder and harder for her. I knew she was just trying to find an appropriate point in the conversation to discreetly slip away, especially because she didn’t even know me. So to keep that from happening, I kept going on for a long time, rambling about my own fake life, and even dropping in names that she’d recognize from high school, to keep up my cover. That was when I got super lucky.” At this, Ray leaned in closer.

“She still wasn’t thinking about much other than going pee, but as I was talking about high school, a memory of hers resurfaced of a time when someone else actually did pee themselves, a classmate of hers called Rachel. So I said, ‘You’ll never guess who I ran into the other day.’ And she said, ‘Who?’ And I said, ‘Remember Rachel Fields?’ And then her face turned a little red, because of course she was just thinking about her accident. I kept going, pretending not to notice, but I could tell she was getting increasingly uncomfortable. Then, once the conversation had moved fluidly” (heh) “enough in that direction, I brought it up. I gave a little laugh and said, ‘Hey, remember that time when Rachel peed herself in Mrs. DiMarco’s class? That was epic.’ I’m sure you would’ve loved to see her face at that, Ray. She went white, and inside, I could tell she was right on the edge.

“She opened her mouth to try to excuse herself, and I could tell inside that she was starting to lose the battle. I pressed my advantage. I said, ‘I can’t imagine actually having an accident like that. Can you imagine having to pee so bad that you realize you can’t hold it anymore?’ I specifically said it in that way, because just then, she’d been thinking that she couldn’t hold it anymore. Then a new spike of panic shot through her brain, and I knew she had leaked a little bit. Nothing was visible yet, but she was frozen to the spot in panic, with no way of breaking away. So then I said, ‘I guess maybe she just started leaking, and it came out bit by bit, until there was nothing she could do but let it all out.’

“She was in a full-on panic by now, and she was leaking more and more. She was finally able to get out what she was thinking, and said, ‘I’m sorry, but I really have to go, like now.’ I could see her crotch was now wet, but I pretended not to hear her, and just said, ‘Man, if that were me, I would just give up and pee myself. I mean, it’s better than being in that much pain and then peeing my pants anyway, right? Just give in and let it flow.’

“And, yeah, it worked. She said ‘no, no, no’ and tried to turn and run off, but it was too late, and her dark pee stain was spreading across her butt. So she just stopped, looked down at herself, and went the rest of the way into her pants. They were dark green jeans, Ray.” Apparently he had been wondering. “The kicker was, once she was done peeing herself, she farted, grabbed her butt, and started crapping herself too. I think that letting go of one made her lose control of the other also. The last I saw of her was her waddling away with lump under her soaking wet backside. After that, I tried finding other possible options for the rest of the two hours, but with no dice.” Now finished, she pulled her phone out again. “That’s it, that’s my story. Who’s next?”

I couldn’t believe just how casually Athena had totally gotten on board with this whole thing. For a split second, I wished that she had my power, so that she could push the mental images into my head. Or that I had hers, so I could read them from her and from Ray. Talk about a superhuman power being wasted on the wrong person.

I was just about to recount my own success when Zenny cleared his throat and started sharing his story with no introduction at all:

“A victim of unhappy circumstance:

I saw her at a distance, and it seems

This girl had no choice but to wet her pants.

When spotted, I could tell at my first glance

Her bladder was close to bursting at the seams—

A victim of unhappy circumstance.

She neared the restroom, and I took my chance.

I held her feet down, and in such extremes,

This girl had no choice but to wet her pants.

She could not walk, nor do a potty dance;

Her feet unmoving, just like in bad dreams—

A victim of unhappy circumstance.

Then suddenly she stopped, as in a trance,

Then hid her face and let loose golden streams.

This girl had no choice but to wet her pants.

I then released her from her sodden stance,

Leaving her puddle, sparkling in the sunbeams.

A victim of unhappy circumstance,

This girl had no choice but to wet her pants.”

Then, with no further details, he closed his mouth and was done. (Oh, and by the way, for all you nerds out there, apparently this kind of poem is called a “villanelle.” A famous example of it is “Do not go gentle into that good night” by Dylan Thomas. Yes, I had to look it up.) Ray’s face looked as though he was apparently dissatisfied with the lack of juicy detail, and he looked over at Athena, I assume wanting her to go deeper. She ignored him.

That just left me, and, well, you’ve all already heard about my experience. I gave the Readers Digest condensed version to the group, now feeling a little less awkward after hearing each of their own stories. Once I was done, Ray chuckled and said, “Well, that’s one for each of us. I can’t believe we got a four-way tie. That means none of us won.”

Athena spoke up blandly, “I got a girl to poop her pants. I think that makes me the winner, really.”

Ray scowled, clearly unwilling to see it from her point of view. “That wasn’t the contest, though. I specifically said we try to see how many girls we can get to pee in their pants. There was nothing about crap in there.”

Athena just shrugged. “Whatever, man. It’s your dumb contest, I guess you can make the dumb rules.”

Ray smiled again. “Dang right. Which means, since we all tied, I guess there’s only one way to settle this.”

Athena just said bluntly, “I’m sure I’ll be busy that day.” Since I wasn’t a mind-reader, I waited for him to elaborate, and when he didn’t, I had to make an impatient gesture.

“It’s easy,” he said. “We have a tiebreaker contest.”

