A company visit from abroad

Author: Apan

*000*2022-11-20 10:20

So, another piece that's based on a true story, or rather, a true set of circumstances. Partly, kinda and sorta. I'm going to make it clear right at the outset that the true elements this time is limited to my former workplace, the two featured protagonists and their respective role (and appearance), and the general situation (the presentation part) which indeed took place. That was enough to set my imagination in motion though, and I actually began writing this already a few years ago, only to forget about it until recently (spurred on in no small part by the great @Kayn with whom I've been having some very inspiring back-and-forth lately). It will be posted in parts, as usual, and not only due to my habit of not keeping things short this time. Without further ado, let's find out what *totally* happened during this initially not very promising day at my former job.

###

Part 1

I once worked at a big multinational IT company in one of several service desks and on this particular day we had a visit from a couple of colleagues from abroad working at one of the offshore sites (neighbour countries to you and me), two girls in their mid-to-late twenties, Rebecca and Linda. Among other things, they were holding presentations about their department and how we're supposed to work together towards the customers. Both girls were really good-looking, thin and medium height. Rebecca had a short Twiggy-like haircut and brown hair, wearing a dark blue collared shirt and really tight-fitting pale blue jeans. Linda had a bit longer, page-like dark hair, glasses and wore a black polo shirt and a pair of black jeans. Like I said, both were really cute but Rebecca was definitely the most attractive of the two.

The presentations were to be held twice with half the desk staffers attending respectively, the first one was to start at 8:30 AM and the second one at 10:00 AM. I went up along with a few of my colleagues, expecting to get the presentation over and done with. We stood among the other group members, some of them discussing who should sit in on this round, all the while I stood waiting idly by the side waiting for someone else to make a decision. As they talked I glanced toward the front of the room as Rebecca and Linda were preparing the presentation. I noticed Rebecca standing with her legs crossed but didn't think too much about it apart from how sexy she looked in those tight, tight jeans as the fabric stretched across her twisted legs. They were fumbling with the screen in order to get the presentation showing up but couldn't get it going. Rebecca seemed a bit impatient to get it going and I slowly became aware as of why.

A couple of minutes went by as my colleagues talked and during that time I saw Rebecca uncrossing her legs only to immediately bend her right leg upward while wiggling her knee across the other leg while Linda was struggling with the screen. If she wasn't displaying an urge to get to a bathroom, she definietely was the restless kind. I knew what I hoped for. Then she put down her leg and bent her knee over the opposite thigh, wiggling it a bit back and forth while squirming her upper body. About then it was decided that I belonged to the other half who would attend the second session and that we should get back down and resume working in the meantime. I silently cursed that my show was interrupted but went back down, making a mental note of gratitude for the brief desperation scene performed by the cutest girl I had encountered in quite a while, and in such a sexy outfit at that.

Little did I know this was only a prelude...

###

I thought about the most likely ensuing turn of events; she would probably leave quickly before the presentation and go to the toilet and that would be it. However, this is where it starts to get hot. The lunch room is located on that same floor (our desk was located one floor down) and the only toilets on this floor are located out in the stairwell, outside the door for which you need to swipe a card in order to pass through.

Before I went down to my floor I went into the kitchen to get myself a mug of coffee and as I stood waiting for the machine to do its thing, I noticed Rebecca walking briskly toward the door to the stairs. It was obvious she was heading for the toilets outside but as she swiped the card (all visitors gets a temporary visitor card) the door wouldn't open. She tried it again a few times and seemed frustrated. From where she stood, I couldn't be seen where I was in the kitchen by the coffee machine, so she didn't notice my indirect precense. I rallied the thought of opening the door for her, but didn't for two reasons. One is more or less obvious because I'm a perverted son of a bitch, but I actually had a rational reason not to as well, as she wouldn't be able to get back in lest someone happened to pass by outside afterwards.

She looked down the hallway but no one else was around. She then briefly glanced into the visible part of the lunch room as well before deciding that she had to get back to start the presentation, so she hesitatingly headed back to the room with a bit more careful steps. I couldn't get my mind off of her, trying to get to a toilet but was tied to a tight schedule and having to get back to a presentation with a presumably full bladder. On the other hand I figured she would excuse herself during the session or, if she didn't, at least endure it and rush off to the bathroom with a borrowed card.

Little did I know this was still only a prelude...

###

Fast-forward one and a half hours and it became my turn to join the remainder and get up to the presentation. My mind was more than anything on the upcoming lunch break as I had become quite hungry by then, but it would soon shift focus. As we entered the room, both girls were standing at the front like before, fiddling with the computer in order to reset the presentation and get going again. Naturally, I immediately focused on Rebecca and to my absolute amazement, everything pointed at her not having been to the toilet yet, despite it being over one and a half hours since she frustratingly had tried to find relief! She could hardly stand still even though she obviously tried to, shifting her foot and crossing her legs alternately while she fingered on the laptop. I silently prayed she would somehow be hindered if she tried to escape, which I was sure she would do. Carrying on with yet another presentation would be madness considering her apparent state!

But she continued tapping on the computer, anxiously looking at the clock which approached 10:00 AM, all the while fanning one leg in and out, waiting for the computer to obey her commands. At last she appeared to be done as she turned to Linda, saying something I didn't hear but I concluded that it was toilet-related as Linda handed her own card over to Rebecca who immediately turned for the door. As fate would have it, several people stood in the door opening, prompting her to wait and as she did, someone worded a question if it was time to get going yet. Rebecca looked like she was about to utter something, but hesitated for a second and then went back to the front of the room. She handed the card back to Linda who said something I again didn't catch, to which Rebecca shyly nodded. I imagined Linda asking Rebecca if she really would be able to wait until after the presentation, or something to that effect, and Rebecca betting all her pennies on it.

The presentation commenced and Rebecca was clearly in distress. She displayed worried furrows on her forehead behind her fringe and had problems standing still even though she obviously tried to. She constantly moved her legs in a subdued fashion, stepping back and forth as she waited for her turn to talk. When she took the word, she tried to sound normal but she had a nervous hint in her voice. She tried to stand still with crossed legs but was turning her body around slightly from left to right as she spoke. I wondered how long she reckoned she would get away with this without causing suspicion even from the non-desperation-junkie part of the crowd (presumably everyone else). The thought of her feeling that she absolutely had to constantly move about in order not to piss herself was really turning me on!

The agenda itself all but escaped me, being all focused on Rebecca's struggle. As the session proceeded, she seemed to grow more and more impatient, and not necessarily due to being tired of going on and on about processes and whatnot. Believe it or not, for reasons unknownst to me, there are actually people out there who find ITIL routines interesting. Rebecca was obviously one of them because over the course of those two hours, she managed to keep her composure passable enough in order to concentrate on the presentation.

To someone cursed with an omo radar like me, she was clearly doing everything she could to pass on her movements as natural, but as the minutes progressed, she had more and more difficulty standing still whenever she wasn't talking. Sometimes she stood aside with her hands behind her back, biting her lip, pinching her legs together, slightly turning from side to side on the spot. Occasionally she even bent one knee over the other whilst doing a slight curtsey, all the while trying to minimize the movement as if not to give away her predicament. In those tight jeans though, every tiny bit of those movements were on full frontal display. I was definitely nursing a semi by now.

###

At last, about 20 minutes before the scheduled session was to end, the presentation was done and there was a slot for further questions and discussions. As is always the case, there were these overly ambitious souls who just had to chip in with their know-it-all attitudes and delve in on some really insignificant detail that doesn't matter for anyone in the end. This time I was actually thankful for that, because Rebecca was clearly dying to get out of there. Her wordings were short and snappy by now and as she stood discussing all these really insignificant details with the overly ambitious souls, she leant against the table at the front while rythmically twisting her body around with one knee bent over the other.

The tight denim clinged to her thighs and buttocks in tandem with her twisting movements, occasionally even outlining her muscles working overtime to bear the bulk of her urinary emergency. By now her desperation could hardly have escaped even the casual onlooker. No one made a point of it though, and Rebecca herself didn't make any attempt at cutting things short either, probably as the session was winding down anyway.

Then finally at 11:30 it was time for lunch. As I exited the room along with the others, I saw Linda and Rebecca still by the front table. Rebecca couldn't stand still to save her life by this point, constantly stepping from side to side and curtseying down as she gathered the equipment, cables and stuff. The last thing I noticed before disapperaing down the hallway was her whispering something to Linda with a slightly panicked expression to which Linda responded with a concerned face. I could only imagine that it was once again toilet-related and that it was becoming absolutely top priority to do something about her urgent need.

Alas, I had no rational excuse to hang around and find out about any of it as it was now lunch time and I was about to tag along with my fellow support technicians to the usual food hangout down the street. But in all honesty, even despite my then substantial hunger, I would gladly have traded my lunch for being able to stay in the vicinity of Rebecca. All throughout the meal, I sat feverishly wondering about the potential outcome of her desperation. The most likely though was that she would finally be able to get to the toilet and relieve herself and that would be the end of that.

###

Fast forward to around 3 PM that same afternoon. It was high time for a break so I locked my computer and walked off to the lunch room for the obligatory coffee. After having topped up my mug I took a seat by the entrance to the hallway, idly scrolling on my phone. I noticed from afar the entrance doors opening down at the far end of the hallway and I briefly looked up. I immediately noticed those cute girls among a couple of other in-house staffers. Of course my eyes zoned in on Rebecca and for about half a second I could have sworn she looked somewhat different.

Then it dawned upon me: She's no longer wearing light stretch jeans, she's wearing black business pants.

Why is she wearing black business pants?

Why didn't her tight jeans see the day out??

Why did she feel the need to change pants all of a sudden??!!

My heart started to race.
