My First Job

Author: Axis

*000*2016-05-28 20:36

“So, without further ado, please welcome the newest member of the Serlean family, Katha!” A roar of applause followed the announcement, the crowd of similar-looking men and women all idolizing the newborn that was being thrust into the air. I don’t get it though, there was nothing special about it. It was just a braindead, snot-nosed baby that wasn’t going to amount to anything. In fact, it was destined to let the whole family down. But I shouldn’t be so hard on myself.

My name is Katha Serlean, the 47th member of the 28th generation of the Serlean family. Why is that so important? It’s not, but I’ll tell you why my mother thinks it is. And I quote, “the Serlean family has been the greatest force of caretaking since your great-great-great…” you get the point. Every boy becomes a butler, every girl becomes a maid. I’m honestly shocked that I’m apparently the first one who isn’t on board with doing menial labor all my life. I mean, sure, I’m good at it. I had better be after the hellish boot camp we have to go through before our first home. 

Today was the day of my first job. I’ll even admit, I was a little excited. Past Serleans have worked for kings, emperors, presidents, hell even my cousin is in charge of the Playboy mansion. Not exactly a place I would want to be in charge of cleaning up, but hey, I’m sure he gets plenty of benefits from it. So, after hearing all that, you can imagine my dismay when I arrived at my new workplace. Just some regular, suburban house. It was barely even two stories high, with striking white siding and a gaudy purple door. Now, it had been a long trip from my childhood home to this place, so naturally I needed to use the toilet. Hey, it happens. Everyone has to go sometime, right? Well, that’s kind of where this story begins. Keeping my back straight and my need hidden, I gave the door a hard but gentle knock.

No answer. So, I knocked again, a bit louder.

Still nothing. I was getting a little frustrated as my bladder was really starting to bug me. This time, I really gave it my all.

Now, being hired as a Serlean maid is a little different than nabbing a job washing dishes at some random guy’s apartment. You’d probably get paid more doing that. But, as you might have inferred, we take the craft very seriously. Or at least everyone else in the family does. The first thing we have to do after being approved by the current Elder for work is to find said work. This can be a painstaking process, as while the one doing the work itself doesn’t earn a whole lot, the family makes bank. So, most people don’t have the money to get even a once-over by a first-timer like me.

When you do finally find a job, it’s totally anonymous, and you have to refer the person that wants to hire you to the board, which is made up of everyone too young to be the Elder and too old to push a mop. God damn I need to pee….oh, sorry. I was thinking about something else. Anyway, the board sends out a scout, who finds out every little thing about the client and their home, puts it all into a dossier, and gives it back tot the board for approval, who then give it to, in this case, me. Actually, it just occurred to me that I didn’t even bother to read it. Maybe it says I don’t have to do anything! Or at the very least I would get to repaint this ugly house. I opened up the dossier, groaning at its length, before panning its text for words that might indicate what’s going on.

‘Client will not be home, door is unlocked’.

Oh. Well then. I opened the door, cursing myself for not having thought to even try it, and immediately scan for the bathroom with one eye and continue reading the dossier with the other. My reading eye caught the word ‘facilities’. God how I wish I had not read this part.

‘Facilities are off limits. STRICT ENFORCEMENT.’

If it isn’t clear enough, strict enforcement means strict enforcement. Less of a hard spanking or a dock in pay, and more like exile from the family permanently. That means your kids can’t even apply to be Serleans anymore. They even legally change your name! Like I said, they take things super seriously. Unfortunately, this was very bad news for my already aching bladder, which was only getting more full as time went on. However, don’t let it be said that I don’t know how to keep a cool head (Hehe, that rhymed). 

Members of the family are taught to adapt quickly to circumstances like this.

Normally that would mean peeing in the kitchen sink or something, but an act like that would get my ass exiled way faster than breaking a rule on the dossier. And believe me, they always find out about that stuff. My second aunt once had to go so badly during a job like this that while she was cleaning the garage she stood over the drain and pretended to wipe down the client’s car as she relieved herself. She lives in Fresno now, painting pets for commissions. She seems happy.

With no other viable option in sight, I pressed my thighs together and got to work. It was a pretty simple gig, to be honest, and I wasn’t too worried about ending up in exile. That’s until I got upstairs. The first thing I noticed was the smell. It was like a…well, there’s no point in grossing you out. Ever smelled something bad? It smelled worse. My brain started spinning, trying to think of what the source could be. The stench grew stronger as I cautiously stepped down the upstairs corridor. Most of the rooms looked tidy, at least from a glance, but there was one door that was shut. It was covered in streaks of paint, and several other substances that resembled paint.

Before I could even get inside I had to wash down the door using a special scraping sponge and a bucket of water. Oh how I wanted to let my water join in…but I had to block out those kinds of thoughts, despite needing to pee worse than I ever had in my life. I was determined to wait, mainly for fear of exile but partly because the outfits we wear are super nice. We sew them ourselves, and they always end up looking lush and extravagant. Mine (I think) is one of the fanciest.

I may not be all that girly but I really did a nice job with all the frills and lacey bits. If you’re a pokemon fan, imagine Mega Audino with twice the bells and whistles and a black paint job. I really did love the outfit, and it was just as important to the family. A sort of symbol that lets everyone know you’re a Serlean (for those that would even know that there is an Italian Mob for housekeeping). In fact, one of the rules of our trade is to keep that uniform spotless. It’s a sign of professionalism, and they’re an utter bitch to try and clean, even for us.

Once I got the door clean and wiped the sticky…thing off the doorknob, I was able to wrap my hand around the knob and open the door. Immediately I felt my eyes almost pop out of their sockets as my view was assaulted by what I can only describe as…a mess. But this wasn’t just a mess. This was like…an apocalypse. It was like Mad Max: Fury Room. Toys, food, clothes were strewn all over the place. I couldn’t even see the floor past it all.

“Guess this is why they called us…” I said to myself. For a moment, I considered popping a squat in there. I would bet good money that no normal person would be able to tell I had, let alone after I cleaned it all. The thought was so nice…but I couldn’t do it. The family always finds out stuff like that. My personal belief is that there’s always a scout or someone that’s watching you the whole time. My brother thinks the family puts tiny security cameras all through the house before you get there. I’m sure once I get high enough in the ranks, I’ll find out all of my family’s little secrets and techniques that are only myths to me now.

I started cleaning the room when my bladder hit me way harder than it had been before. I gasped and dropped the toy I’d picked up, unable to resist holding myself with both hands. Sadly, that meant I was getting my tights a bit dirty. “That’s probably my cut of the earnings for this job I just lost…” I muttered, sighing. But, at least I didn’t wet myself. That would have been much worse. I wiggled my hips to regain control before returning to the mountainous task at hand. In a way, I was glad I had resorted to holding myself, because now I could do it anytime I needed to. And i did need to. A lot.

Especially when I slipped on a half-eaten PB&J and fell on an army guy. Thankfully, pain is not against the rules. Only stuff you want to do is. Needless to say I was starting to get frustrated. I don’t have anger issues or anything, but try cleaning your house while you’re holding in the goddamn atlantic ocean in your abdomen. You start to lose your grip. About an hour of gritted teeth and minor leaks later, I had done it. I double-checked the whole house for dust, crumbs, anywhere I could have gone wrong. The place was spotless. I would have jumped up and thrown my hands in the air triumphantly if my hands weren’t glued to the underside of my frilly black dress. 

It was time to leave. I stood, staring at the front door for a few minutes, unsure how to tackle this problem without keeping my hands from rather pleasurably rubbing my most sacred place. Oh stop judging I was about to wet myself. You’d do the same. I reached for the doorknob with my armpit, planning to turn in that way, when it started turning on its own. For a second I thought the universe was trying to help me, but then what little rationality in my brain that hadn’t begun screaming at me to let go of my pee figured out that the client was home. I sighed. Another rule broken. You’re not supposed to be in the house when the client gets back, provided they leave before you get there. At this point I didn’t care about getting paid or being punished in some way. 

I just wanted to pee. I stood a few feet back, giving my muscles one last big squeeze before moving my hands and clasping them politely behind my back. I put on my best fake smile, my body already beginning to tremble with the effort it was taking not to make a puddle in this guy’s foyer. The door opened up, revealing a rather rotund man, his almost as rotund wife, and his two rotund children. Not that I had a problem with it, it’s just the first thing I noticed about them. The next few things I noticed were stained clothes, unshaved faces (yeah, even on the wife), and a general aura that just said ‘we’re assholes’ to me. They smelled like assholes too, but the other kind. Then, the father started being an asshole. The first kind. Though I think the second kind being in my face would have been preferable.

“What’re you doin’ here, missay? Thought we hired yew ta clean tha place and git!” His breath made me shudder even more than my about-to-burst bladder did. I took it in stride, though. As deplorable as he was, he was still right. Which kind of ticked me off. But I was supposed to be out of the house, so I did my best to ignore it. What I couldn’t ignore, though, was the tirade he went on after that. He told me to stay put and went all around the house, screaming and hollering about how I had moved things, messed things up, missed spots (the dirty liar). He even went off on me for dirt that he and his family tracked in when they got there. He dug so deep into me I thought he had a personal vendetta. But what struck me the most is when he said this.

“I’m calling that no good agency you came from and you better believe they’re gettin’ the worst review I can think up!” With that, he stormed upstairs to yell at his wife for being the one that called me, leaving me alone and in tears in the foyer. I got mad. I saw nothing but red. Then, I saw yellow. A stream of it. A rather thick and heavy one. I sort of just stood there watched it happen. I couldn’t do anything about it, and even if I could I wouldn’t want to. My bladder was as tired of this guy as I was, and I saw it as a fitting justice. The ramifications of the pooling liquid that was spreading out onto the floor under me weren’t even crossing my mind. A smile crossed my lips, the feeling of relief so immense I just about orgasmed. Honestly, with how good it felt and how much liquid there was, I probably wouldn’t have realized it if I had. I stayed where I was for a few minutes, letting the waves of pleasure wash over me, as well as the satisfaction of getting back at that guy. It didn’t last long, though, as I heard a door open upstairs. Sick of getting yelled at, I grabbed my bag of cleaning supplies and hurried out the door.

Needless to say, the family found out what I had done. Some where sympathetic, I’m sure everyone assumed I had peed on accident. That was technically true, but I would have done it anyway. The board took a vote, and tied, so the Elder had to give her opinion. She was, of course, not keen on making exceptions. That’s how the family had gotten where it is now. So, I had to accept my fate. I said goodbye to a lot of people, the hardest were my brother and mom. I wasn’t too upset, though. They were letting me keep my outfit, as long as I didn’t wear it in public. This life really wasn’t for me anyway. In a way, I was glad I did what I had. It made me wonder if my aunt had done hers on purpose as well. Maybe I would ask her one day.

Now, I’m a pastry chef in New York. I also do some janitorial work at the place where I work for some extra cash. I have a pretty decent house now, just outside the city. I like to pee in the foyer sometimes. After all, I can always clean it up.

Thank you for reading this! Feedback of all kinds is highly appreciated.

This story was written for my amazing friend, Justice.

