When the Gods Took Over (A possible story idea)

Author: AmyChristy

*000*2024-07-14 15:26

In a world where there is so little satisfaction now, there are few things we can still control and feel pleasure in.

This is just a short intro idea for a story. Curious what your thoughts may be or if I should continue this idea:

Things have gotten... stricter since the end of the world.

Let me rephrase, this isn’t quite the zombie apocalypse everyone may have been suspecting what with the rise of more pandemics and illnesses sweeping the planet and causing the population to drop to 2.1 billion. No, something far more wonderous, far more horrifying had happened.

I heard a soft moan from the cell opposite mine. I stretched my neck slightly, pressing my shoulder blades back to gently crack where my spine had been building up a silent tension over the past hour I’d been waiting. She arrived a few hours ago, unconscious; which was not uncommon for new prisoners. She’d been laying in a heap; I could not see her well in that position. I had tried to wake her—but she was out cold.

A small jet of light beamed in through a crack in the stone wall of my cell, pointedly shot over my shoulder, landing at the foot of her cell. I approached the iron poles that had locked me in here for the past fortnight. I had become accustomed to my cell though; I had frequented these halls before as a guard. Now, the roles had turned. I had angered the gods, and it was my turn to be punished.

I felt my body ache with the effort of movement. Staying still made things easier, drew less attention, but I knew how frightening it was to wake up, alone, on these cold stone floors. My body briefly blocked the beam of light, everything was darkness beyond me. I shifted to let it peer past me again and immediately I saw her face, squinting as the light hit her eyes. She stumbled back a little, out of the blinding stream.

She spoke, “hello?” It was a soft and sweet sound that reminded me of red cherries and the taste of a crisp apple and its nectar trickling its juices down your throat. Her voice was gentle, but panicked, frightened. The hazy bleeding of the light’s ray lit up our area well enough for me to see her fully.

Her hair was a mess of black falling loosely around her shoulders, she was slender; almost too thin as though she’d not eaten in far too long. My heart ached out for her, swelled and burst in my chest, desperate to give her what small comforts I could offer in this dilapidated world. I found myself speechless for a moment though, noticing a red ‘X’ carved beneath her left eye, blood dried to her cheek where it had dripped down during her sleep. I was familiar with these markings.

When one did something to anger the gods, a mark would be placed upon offenders to identify the price they’d have to pay if they committed another wronging. I had one on my right wrist—I would lose my hand at the next offence. I was labelled as one who had given a ‘helping hand’ where one was not allowed. I had been working as a guard here for a little over two months when they’d brought in one young boy for crimes against the gods. He had trespassed on private property and was given an X above his right ankle. He had just turned 18 and was the youngest prisoner we’d had yet. I freed him.

She though, this woman who trembled across from me, would lose her eye. This was usually for those who had seen something they shouldn’t have. Attended an event above their ranking, for example.

I found my voice.

“My name is Natalia.” I said, keeping my tone as calm and unthreatening as I could hope to sound as a shadowy figure in a prison cell.

She paused a moment, I noticed she was shifting slightly in her kneeling position, nails dug into her thighs. She was wearing the common prisoner clothes, same as me—a rough brown tunic and baggy shorts. I heard a soft breathy sigh escape her lips as she steeled herself.

“I am Sara.” She finally said, her voice a raspy whisper, strain evident as she tried to speak.

“Are you okay, Sara?” I asked, plainly.

“I'm...” she started, “I...” she started pulling at some loose strands from her shorts. “I need to pee.”

