Roommate Disaster

Author: Alex62

*000*2019-11-14 22:38

Derek woke to the smell of eggs and bacon cooking. It was his favorite breakfast and his roommates, Kevin and Chris, were cooking it for his 20th birthday.

Derek got out of bed and headed to the kitchen to eat his breakfast. On the way he passed the bathroom and looked at himself in the mirror. He had short blond messy hair and was skinny. Girls may have thought he was attractive but he wished he was bigger. Looking at the toilet he realized he had to pee. He thought to himself “I can hold it while I eat” and walked on out to the kitchen.

Once he got there breakfast just finished cooking and Kevin was putting it on a plate. Once Chris and Kevin saw him they broke out singing Happy Birthday.

Derek expected this but he always hated it, He would much rather Chris and Kevin attack him or something. But he let them know that so so why wouldn’t they do that instead.

After they finished they sat down to eat. Derek sat on the couch with his feet up. Derek enjoyed his meal with his favorite breakfast drink, OJ. The OJ was good but did not help his bladder.

Once they finished eating Kevin went to get ready for his part time job and Chris went for a walk. Derek just sat there watching tv for awhile, he knew he should go to the bathroom but he didn’t.

After a whole his need had increased rapidly and he decided he couldn’t wait. He got up and headed to the bathroom but of course the door was closed. Nick was taking a shower.

Standing at the door Derek noticed his need was much worse then he thought, he barley could hold it. Derek pounded on the door yelling “KEVEN” But of course no answer. He leaned against the door crossing his legs and holding himself.

Right then Chris came in and headed straight to his room. He came out 5mins later in only his green boxers. Derek have had a crush on Chris forever. He had short brown hair, wore glasses, and had an amazing tan. Just Derek’s type and seeing him in only his green boxers was a dream come true.

He went and stood behind Derek grabbing himself as well. Derek looks at him and says “you have to pee really bad too”? Chris nodded bouncing from one foot to another. Derek was doing the same.

After what seemed like hours Keven turned the water off. Hearing this Derek once again pounded on the door and yelled “open the door Chris and I are about to piss ourselves”! Keven opened the door to see both his roommates with there legs crossed and holding them self’s.

As soon as the door opened Chris tried to push pass Derek but Derek pushed him back and said “wait your turn”! Chris replied “I can’t, I’m about to piss my pants”! “So am I!” Derek said as he walked into the bathroom. Chris tried to follow him but Derek pushed him out saying “wait your turn” and closing the door and locking it.

Derek could feel hot piss leaking into his pants but since his shorts were black you couldn’t see any wetness. He got to the toilet and pulled down his pants and undies and legged the lid. As he released Chris heard and couldn’t take it anymore. His own bladder released. It started and a stream but quickly turned into a jet of hot piss soaking his green boxers and running down his legs foaming a huge pee puddle around his feet.

Chris couldn’t believe what was happing but it felt so good he didn’t care. After he finished what happing dawned on him and he turned bright red in embarrassment. Right then the bathroom door opened reveling Derek. As Derek stood there staring, Chris started to cry.

Looking at Chris Derek couldn’t help but to think he looked cute. Keven came out of his room to see what all the noise was. When he saw Chris he stopped in his tracks. Derek wrapped his arms around Chris who was still crying.

*002*2019-11-15 02:46

{{45 minutes ago, Mad Bladder said:

This was good just wish it was longer cause I liked it so much. Like a description of Kevin’s body in the shower would’ve been hot. More descriptions and dialogue of them squirming and Derek becoming aroused. Also Chris wetting scene was hot just wish it was longer like he’s holding out till the last second and then pleading with god not to pee himself but he does. And maybe Derek hugs him while he’s still peeing himself and they get romantic

Would you add any of that?

}}

I’ll try to add it As soon as I can as today was my day off and back to work tomorrow.

*004*2019-11-17 00:15

{{On 11/14/2019 at 8:59 PM, Mad Bladder said:

This was good just wish it was longer cause I liked it so much. Like a description of Kevin’s body in the shower would’ve been hot. More descriptions and dialogue of them squirming and Derek becoming aroused. Also Chris wetting scene was hot just wish it was longer like he’s holding out till the last second and then pleading with god not to pee himself but he does. And maybe Derek hugs him while he’s still peeing himself and they get romantic

Would you add any of that?

}}

$/54069-roommate-disaster-updated/?do=embed"

