Followers decide what to do to the streamer(with image)

Author: Ankonia

*000*2025-08-26 09:31

WARNING:The following story is a fictional account and involves invented characters and events. It contains graphic descriptions of humiliation.Please note that any images were not created by me and it was not created by AI, but were taken from a free hentai site.

Once upon a time, there was a young woman named Lily, a true vision of beauty and sensuality. With her long brown hair cascading in soft waves over her shoulders, penetrating green eyes, and a smile that could light up a room, Lily was endowed with a figure that attracted stares wherever she went. Her body was a symphony of perfect curves: a generous and firm breast, a wasp waist, and a round, firm ass that seemed sculpted. Her physique was completed by a subtle, soft, and sexy layer of fat all over her body, giving her a soft and inviting appearance.

Lily worked from home as an erotic streamer, spending most of her time in her small apartment. Her life was extremely solitary, as she rarely went out. She ordered food for delivery, and over time, her personal hygiene suffered. She didn't wash often, and as a result, she developed a strong, pungent odor. However, this didn't bother her too much, as she didn't need to be perfect for her online shows.

One day, Lily realized that her earnings were not enough to cover her rent and food. She decided to "level up" with her streams, offering her spectators the chance to control her actions through large donations. She started with simple requests, but soon a significant donation came from a spectator who asked her to leave her apartment wearing a vibrator with a pair of jeans locked with a padlock.

Lily, always ready to satisfy her spectators' requests, inserted a small vibrator into her pussy, feeling a thrill of excitement. She put on a pair of comfortable, slightly elastic and fitted jeans that highlighted every curve of her body. Over that, she wore a classic top and took her phone, which was live streaming. Just before leaving, another donation came, instructing her to wear more tops over the one she already had, to make her sweat more since it was the peak of summer. Lily complied, adding two more short, warm tops.

With the vibrator pulsing inside her and the heat of the tops making her skin sweat, Lily left her apartment. She walked down the streets, feeling the stares of strangers on her, aware that every step was being watched by her spectators. Now she just had to wait for new donations and satisfy every desire of her followers.

Lily walked through the crowded streets, the summer sun beating mercilessly on her skin. With each step, she felt the sweat trickle down her back and breasts, soaking her clothes. The vibrator, pulsing inside her, seemed to amplify her discomfort, making her sweat even more. Her already pungent odor intensified with each step, and people began to notice…

As she walked, the donations from her spectators started to become more frequent. Each small donation instructed her to move the vibrator, increasing her desire and embarrassment. Soon after, a donation ordered her to drink a beer. Lily complied, feeling the cold liquid slide down her throat. But immediately after, another came, and then another. Soon, she found herself drinking beer after beer, feeling more and more tipsy.

Her stomach swelled slightly, and within less than an hour, the need to pee became unbearable. Lily started to cross her legs and press her hand on her pussy, trying to relieve the pressure. The vibrator, instead of helping, seemed to only worsen the situation, tickling her and increasing her desire.

She begged her followers to let her go home, but her pleas fell on deaf ears. Instead, a new donation arrived: she had to enter a public bus and head to the city's central square. Reluctantly, Lily obeyed.

As soon as she got on the bus, the gazes of the other passengers fell upon her. Her agitation was evident: she squirmed with the need to pee, and the strong smell of sweat and dirt that emanated from her was unmistakable. Two large sweat stains under her armpits had completely soaked her top, making her state of discomfort evident.

As soon as she entered, small donations started pouring in. The vibrator moved wildly, making her climax and blush. The stimulation was so intense that Lily lost control of her bladder, and small spurts of urine escaped from her pussy, slowly wetting the central part of her jeans.

Shame consumed her, but the vibrator continued to move, bringing her closer and closer to orgasm. With a final, powerful movement, Lily reached a overwhelming orgasm, completely losing control of her bladder. Her jeans became completely soaked, turning a dark blue color.

The bus passengers were astonished, some laughing, others filming the scene to further humiliate her. An elderly man shook his head in disapproval, while a young woman laughed so hard she had to hold her stomach. A group of teenagers filmed everything with their phones, whispering and giggling among themselves.

Lily, with her cheeks on fire and her eyes full of tears, tried to maintain a shred of dignity. But the vibrator continued to move, making any attempt at control impossible. Every movement sent shocks of pleasure through her, causing more small jets of urine to escape.

Finally, the bus arrived at the central square, and Lily got off, with her jeans completely soaked. The square was crowded with people strolling, eating ice cream, and enjoying the sun. Lily felt exposed and vulnerable, but she knew she had to obey her spectators' orders. With her heart racing, she waited for new commands, ready to satisfy every desire, whatever it might be.

It was only the beginning of a long adventure that Lily could never have imagined…

