The Fireside girls omorashi

Author: animepee1234

*000*2017-12-12 01:26

(12:30 pm)

Isabella walks in to Phineases backyard. "Watch'ya doing?" Isabella said to Phineases. Nothing, I don't know what we should do either. Phinease let out a long sigh. Isabella said "Hey! How about you help me and the Fireside girls get our desperation patches. "What's that?" Phineas asked.

"So pretty much you just need to drink 4 liters of water and hold your pee in for 5 hours". Isabella replied.

"Nah" Phinease said.

"Wait where's perry?"

(12:30)

"Ok girls let's start" Isabella said starting to chug the water. The other girls picked up their water bottles and started chugging them as well.

(1:00)

"Ok where on our first hour let's do this!" Isabella said

"Yeah!" The other Fireside girls yelled.

(2:00)

Katie started to appear quite desperate already. "I should've used the bathroom before we did this" Katie said.

"Come on Katie you can do this" Isabella stated

(3:30)

"Uuuggghh" Katie sighed while forcefully holding her crotch.

Gimger and Gretchen nodded in agreement while also starting to hold their crotches.

(5:00)

Katie gasped and stood up as small droplets came from her crotch "NO NO NO" Katie said then. A streams of yellow flowed out as a yellow puddle slowly grew around her. She blushed and a tear ran down her face. "Crap" Ginger said under breath as a little bit of piss came out. Phinease came behinds her and said "Boo!" Ginger screamed and fell to the ground as another puddle of piss formed in the room.

Isabella, and Gretchen started to laugh while holding their croches

(6:00)

The timer beeped Isabella and Gretchen ran into the bathroom. Gretchen made it first. "Oh no" Isabella said. She started to hold her crotch. While hearing the stream of pee from Gretchen she became more and more desperate. Then a line of yellow came from her panties as the third puddle formed then the other Fireside girls who were behind Isabella started to empty their bladders a huge puddle appeared aground them. Gretchen got her desperation badge and all the other Fireside girls washed their clothes embarrassed.

The End

