Riolu's teasing

Author: Aquraisus

*000*2022-07-06 09:57

Inspired by some rps done with @Pachishock

, I enjoyed these characters so I wanted to write them!

Fair warning! There is a sexual scene in the second half of this! Feel free to skip that if its not what you like.

###

Two waters, and a coffee, and a large cup of lemonade. Thats everything that had gone into Minccino's body since early this morning. He had spent his day working and had gone through a long traffic jam home. Finally, he pulled into his parking lot, his bladder filled to the brim and bulging out of his stomach. All he could think about was getting inside and rushing towards the restroom.

Minccino got out the car, quickly scurrying inside and running towards the bathroom. He went to open the door, but to his horror, the knob wouldn't turn.

"R-riolu?!" Minccino banged on the door, calling out to his roommate, and boyfriend, Riolu. "A-are you in there?!"

"Hm?" Riolu had just gotten out the shower, and was drying himself off. "Minccino? That you, dear?"

"Y-yeah! Um...! C-can you hurry up in there?!" Minccino's paws were jammed in his crotch. "I really really gotta pee!"

Riolu's ears perked up, the idea of his adorable boyfriend desperate to pee was endearing... and rather arousing. He wanted to probe the idea more.

"Oh? Did you drink too much today?" Riolu went up to the door, smirking as he verbally teased him through it.

"Y-yes I did! I-I didn't get a chance to go at work... Please h-hurry in there!"

"You know I coooould... just, yknow, not open this door..."

Minccino quickly realized Riolu was teasing him, this was common between them, and it made his face heat up.

"N-no no no Riolu! P-please you know I have a small bladder-"

"But you've waited this long... I'm sure you could hold it the rest of the day if I just stayed in here!"

Minccino whined and clutched his crotch tightly. His bladder was ready to explode any second if the pent-up ocean inside him didn't get released soon.

"R-riolu please please l-let me in! I-I'm about to make a mess on the floor!" Minccino shut his eyes tight, trying so hard to keep his flood from bursting out of him.

As hot as Riolu found his boyfriend's whines, he did love him and wanted to do give what he needed. He slowly opened the door, wrapped in his towel.

Minccino gasped, running inside, only to be grabbed by his boyfriend's paw.

"W-wh-" Riolu pulled him close, kissing him on the lips. Minccino's paws jammed tighter into his crotch, but he also greatly enjoyed the kiss.

"Mmmmm~" Riolu slowly let go, holding his boyfriend close to him. "You really gotta go, don't you? You didn't even say hi~" He smirked at his whining boyfriend.

"R-riolu... please..." Minccino's tiny legs quivered, he was moments away from making a mess of the floor they were standing on.

Riolu couldn't deny him any longer, letting go of him. "Alright, you can go~"

Minccino rushed over to the toilet, lifting the seat up and immediately letting his stream gush out into the toilet. He moaned in bliss, his head hanging back as he got his incredible relief. Riolu came up behind him, rubbing his head gently, his paw going towards Minccino's bulging bladder. He lightly pressed down onto it, causing more pee to gush out of Minccino faster, and making the embarrassed chinchilla moan louder in pleasure.

"Gosh..." Riolu kissed his neck as Minccino peed. "You really had a lot in there, huh?"

Minccino whined. "I-I did... haaaa..." His legs were still shaking from pure bliss. Only when Riolu pressed down harder on his bladder did his stream finally start to die down, soon slowing to a stop.

"Better, honey?" Riolu smiled at him.

"M...much..." Minccino looked down shyly. He had really enjoyed that, especially Riolu teasing him.

"Now that you're done... What do you say we get to bed?" Riolu's paws went to Minccino's hips, making his face turn red.

"O-oh! A-alright!" Minccino's tail was waving excitedly.

(Fair warning! This is where the omo ends and the sexual stuff starts.)

Riolu scooped his boyfriend up, carrying him to their bedroom and setting him down.

"Before we sleep..." Riolu kissed Minccino's cheek. "Why don't we have a little fun~?"

Minccino's already red face turned a darker shade. "P-please..."

With that, Riolu's paws went to his boyfriend's fluffy thighs. Gently rubbing them and causing Minccino to whine, he was already getting aroused, noticeable by his dick beginning to rise...

Riolu chuckled. "Excitedly already, huh? You must've been wanting this..."

He bent down, his head going between Minccino thighs and kissing his dick. Causing a flustered whined from Minccino who covered his face.

"Just relax, okay? I'm gonna make this amazing for you..."

"O-okay..." Minccino peaked from behind his paws, looking at his boyfriend with a trusting gaze.

Riolu quickly went down on Minccino's cock, starting to eagerly suck at it. Minccino moaned loudly, his legs shook trying not to close in on Riolu's head.

"O-oohhh... R-riolu... keep going..." Minccino lightly pushed a paw on RIolu's head, motivating him to suck faster, his tongue gliding across Minccino desperate cock. MInccino could help moaning and whining louder and louder as his legs began to quiver wildly.

"R-riolu! Haa!" Minccino could feel himself getting fuller by the second, now holding back his load.

Riolu took more of Minccino's dick in, his tongue practically dancing all around it excitedly waiting for his climax.

"F-fuck! Haa! R-riolu I'm gonna-!" With a massive moan, Minccino's load bursted out of his dick and directly into Riolu's mouth and his legs clamped onto his face. Riolu moaned as he took in Minccino's cum and swallowed it happily.

"Mmmmm~" Riolu's head came up and he licked his lips. "That was delicious..." He sat up, his own erection now visible.

Minccino took a moment to catch his breath, looking at Riolu's dick. "U-um..." Minccino looked away. "D-do you... need some help too?"

"Well... I could use a stress reliever~" Riolu looked down at Minccino's butt. "Mind turning over?"

Minccino blushed wildly, but nodded, turning himself over such that his soft ass was stuck up, facing Riolu. Riolu gazed in awe, getting up on his knees and getting into position.

"I'm gonna go slow, just tell me if its too much."

RIolu slowly pushed his dick into Minccino's butt, making both of them moan out in pleasure. Riolu eagerly started to thrust inside him, their whines growing louder with each time he forced himself into Minccino's soft ass.

"H-haa! F-faster!" Minncino moaned out in pleasure as Riolu passionately pounded him. "Don't s-stop!"

Riolu kept going, leaning his paw down to start rubbing Minccino's dick while fucking him. This made Minccino's moans escalate way louder, his whole body was shaking as he was about to cum again already.

"Nnngh! Riolu!" Minccino covered his face again. "C-can't hold it!"

Riolu grunted, he himself was holding back a large load, and started to thrust even faster. "M-me neither...!"

With a loud moan from both lovers, they both hit their climaxes. RIolu came directly into Minccino's lovely ass, while Minccino blew his second load all over the bedsheets, making a rather large mess of them.

The two collapsed on the bed, Riolu pulled out of Minccino and pulled him close like a plushy.

"Was that good?" Riolu looked down at his exhausted boyfriend.

"V-very..." MInccino spoke shakily, tired but very satisfied.

###

There's a little quickie for you guys, hope it was good despite it being short. Hope to make more stuff soon.

*002*2022-07-08 04:12

{{1 hour ago, Pachishock said:

A super enjoyable and cute read! The desperation was perfectly paced and adorable, and the sexual scene was a nice bonus that was hot. Cute characters these two were, I loved seeing them here!

}}

I'm glad you enjoyed it!

