The hard life of a nun (with image)

Author: Ankonia

*000*2025-07-21 16:48

WARNING: The following story is a fictional account set in a convent and involves invented characters and events. It contains graphic descriptions of humiliation.Please note that any images were not created by me but were taken from a free hentai site.

In the 18th century, in a grand manor of a noble family, lived a young woman named Anna. Known throughout the city for her extraordinary beauty, Anna's raven-black hair, flowing to her waist like a silk river, framed a face of unparalleled delicacy. Her deep, mysterious eyes, a intense black that seemed to hide a thousand secrets, and her full, red lips, always ready to light up even the darkest room, made her a vision of desire.

Anna's physique was a magnet for attention. Her two beautiful breasts were firm and high, perfect in every detail, and her large, perfectly round ass was a spectacle under every dress she wore. Her movements were filled with grace, and every step she took seemed like a dance. Anna was a dream for anyone who saw her, a vision of beauty and desire.

However, destiny had a different future in store for her. When Anna came of age, her father imposed a decision that would change her life forever. As the eldest daughter, Anna had to leave her noble life to become a nun. This sacrifice would ensure that her assets went to her younger brother, securing the family's patrimony.

Anna felt overwhelmed by sadness and offense. It seemed unfair to her that she had to give up her life, her dreams, and her hopes for the sake of others. As she prepared to enter the convent, her heart was heavy with regrets and a future she had not chosen.

Anna was sent to a very strict convent of nuns, located near the city of Vatican, surrounded by lush and silent nature. On her first day, she was assigned a small, sparse room where she was given the black tunic and undergarments she would wear. With a heavy heart, Anna changed and looked at herself in the mirror. The tunic, slightly tight, highlighted her beautiful ass and round breasts, despite the sadness that veiled her face.

Thus began her new life as a nun, walking alongside the other sisters, all wrapped in those dark clothes that seemed to swallow every trace of individuality. The days passed, and Anna felt more and more excluded, as if that place had never been hers. The other nuns ignored her, and she felt like a stranger in a world of silences and prayers. Mother Superior, a woman with a severe face and penetrating eyes, was called Sister Angelica. She was particularly hard on Anna, always assigning her the dirtiest and most inglorious tasks, such as cleaning the bathrooms and kitchens.

One day, Anna found herself in the central nave of the church, kneeling on a hard and uncomfortable cushion, alongside the other nuns. The long hours of prayer and meditation were an inevitable part of their daily life, and that day was no exception. The prayers were endless, and the oppressive silence seemed to amplify every small sound, every breath.

While her companions recited the prayers with seemingly inexhaustible devotion, Anna felt a growing discomfort. She had drunk a lot that morning, and now her bladder was full, pulsing painfully. Initially, she tried to ignore the discomfort, focusing on the sacred words and trying to find comfort in the familiar routine. But as time passed, the discomfort became unbearable.

Anna moved slightly, trying to relieve the pressure, but every movement seemed to make the situation worse. Her face flushed with embarrassment and frustration. She dared not disturb the prayers by getting up to go to the bathroom; she knew that Sister Angelica would see her move as a sign of weakness or, worse, disobedience.

As the other nuns continued to pray with apparent calm, Anna felt a drop of sweat slide down her back. The tension in her bladder had become unbearable. She tried to breathe deeply, to focus on anything but the growing pain, but it was useless. The pressure was too strong, and the control she had always maintained was about to break.

After a short time, with a mix of relief and terror, Anna felt the moment when she lost control, feeling the small sprays of piss escaping from her small pussy and wetting her underwear. Anna entered a moment of panic, and soon after, a warm wetness spread under her tunic, completely soaking her underwear and starting to spread down her legs and soon wetting the tunic as well, making it black and shiny. The warm, embarrassing liquid made her face flush, and her hands trembled slightly. She knew it was only a matter of seconds before someone noticed.

And indeed, Sister Angelica, with her attentive and severe eye, immediately noticed the change and the sound of the drops hitting the floor. Without a word, she stood up and approached Anna, her face contorted in an expression of disapproval. "Anna," she said with an icy voice, "come here. Immediately."

Anna, with her heart racing with rage and humiliation, slowly stood up, feeling the weight of her wet clothes. Every step was agony, a reminder of her humiliation. When she reached Sister Angelica, the Mother Superior looked at her with disdain, as if she were a child who had made an unforgivable mistake.

"How dare you piss in church?" Sister Angelica hissed, her voice filled with disdain. "This is a sacred place, not a place for your weaknesses. You are a disgrace to all of us."

With these words, Sister Angelica raised the stick she always carried and struck Anna on the legs, the acute pain mixing with the humiliation. Anna clenched her teeth, trying not to cry, but tears filled her eyes.

Right at that moment, tired of this continuous humiliation, Anna decided to rebel. With a sudden and decisive gesture, she lifted her black tunic, showing all her white underwear, now yellow due to the piss. The silence in the church was absolute, interrupted only by the sound of the clothes being lifted.

The other nuns, who until then had remained silent, began to whisper among themselves, exchanging looks of shock and disapproval. Sister Angelica, her face contorted with rage, fixed Anna with piercing eyes.

"How dare you?" Sister Angelica growled, her voice trembling with fury. "This is an unacceptable act of rebellion. I will show you what disobedience means!"

But Anna was not done. With a smile of defiance, she let out all the piss that was left in her bladder, rewetting her underwear and creating a puddle of piss on the floor. The liquid spread rapidly, forming a dark circle around her feet.

The nuns nearby moved away in horror, trying to avoid contact with the puddle. Sister Angelica, furious at the act of rebellion, took Anna by the ear and dragged her to her room, ignoring her cries of pain.

"Stay here until further notice," Sister Angelica hissed through the door. "I will think of a suitable punishment for your indecent behavior."

Anna, with her heart racing with rage and humiliation, let herself fall on the bed. She had reached a point of no return, and she was not yet aware of the harsh punishment that Sister Angelica was planning.

