Haunted House of Omorashi - Page 2

Author: Anubis

*025*2018-11-06 14:52

I just want to let everyone know that there is more coming for this story. I took a break from it to post another update to my interactive story of Flowing Creek, but with that now out of the way, I'll get this next chapter started as soon as I am able.

*026*2018-11-19 12:36

I apologize for the delay, everyone. I've been very busy lately with work and the chapter ended up being much longer than I anticipated. Hopefully you guys enjoy it.

###

6

After Angel shut the door behind her, the Mistress and Kate both glanced at her with grins on their faces, while Candice inspected the back of her wet jeans. She blushed a little, suddenly feeling self-conscious, and wondered if they knew she had stopped to watch Sophia wet herself.

“What went on in there?” Kate asked.

Angel’s face grew even hotter and she smiled back at them. “Sophia, she… I didn’t know she was going to wet herself!”

The Mistress let out a deep chuckle and motioned for Angel to follow. “She has a bad habit of drinking too much tea… Come along, now!”

The long hallway seemed to stretch on and on, but it appeared to turn up ahead, all the way at the end, but where it went from there, was impossible to determine. The three girls followed their guide to the very next room, on the same side of the hall, where she pulled open the door, just like before.

“This is a guest room!” the Mistress announced. “Unfortunately for us, it is already occupied, so you won’t be staying here tonight!”

Both Candice and Angel exchanged nervous glances, indicating that they were both wondering the same thing, Who is she referring to when she says ‘us’?

They both followed Kate and the white-haired lady inside, only to find themselves in another spooky bedroom, like before, except this one didn’t actually look like a child’s room. There was a bed against the left wall, with the head in the back corner, and it was a queen size. There was a massive dresser next to it and a small nightstand in between them. These items of furniture were painted dark grey and the bedspread was the color of blood. Beneath the covers, there was a skeleton, whose skull rested on the pillow, while facing the center of the room, with its lower jaw hanging open. At the foot of the bed, there was a closet, but the door was completely shut.

Well, at least there are no dolls in here, Angel thought as she looked over towards the far right corner, where the shelves filled with dolls had been in the last room.

Instead of there being a shelf unit in that area, there was a display case that was filled with jars of various items. It was difficult to tell what was in them, since the dim lights on the ceiling fan reflected off of the glass in the doors, obscuring their view.

The Mistress stepped over to the bed, with her guests following close behind, “This is our last guest to stay in this room… As you can see, he overslept, just a tad…”

That’s one way of putting it, Angel thought, while Kate and Candice chuckled in response.

The woman that was leading them around moved over to the closet and pulled the door open. The doorway was covered by a pair of thick, black curtains, from the inside, which concealed all that was contained within. She then reached her hand in between the curtains, and appeared to grab something, just before a high pitched squeal came out to greet them.

“What are you doing in there?!” the Mistress cried, just as she pulled another twenty-something girl out of the closet by her white, shoulder-length hair.

This one was dressed in a dark red sweater, black, nylon pants that hugged her shapely bottom, and black high-heeled boots. She winced as she emerged from between the curtains. “I’m looking for Lucy, Mother!”

Her mother made an irritated sounding gasp. “Wendy, what did I tell you about letting Lucy out of her cage, while guests were here?”

Lucy, hmm? Angel thought. I wonder what kind of a creature Lucy is…

Kate suddenly interrupted the discussion, to ask the question everyone else was wondering about. “Okay, who is Lucy?”

Both the Mistress and Wendy looked at her, but it was the girl that answered. “Lucy is my pet tarantula! I’ve been looking for her everywhere!”

Candice suddenly looked nervous, revealing right away that she was no fan of spiders. “A tarantula? She’s not real… is she?”

Kate, however, suddenly looked excited. “That would be cool! We’ll help you find her, don’t worry.”

“We will?” Candice asked.

The Mistress smiled and let go of Wendy’s hair. “Ah, it looks like we have some volunteers!”

Candice suddenly looked terrified. “You do?”

Wendy clapped her hands loudly and giggled. “Come with me to my room, so you can start looking there! Lucy could be anywhere in this hallway, by now, so this might take a while!”

Candice groaned and Angel had a feeling that there was a secondary reason for doing so, to go along with her fear of spiders. Her ass has a decent wet patch on it, but I think she’s got more pee that’s waiting to come out. God, I hope I get to see her piss herself too…

This thought reminded her that she herself was also in need of a pee. Though she was far from desperate, she certainly felt glad to have the bathroom key in her possession. Suddenly, she was distracted from her thoughts, when the white-haired girl skipped towards the doorway of the room and then turned to wait for them out in the hallway. Angel and her friends followed her out, but the Mistress stayed in the room, with the sleeping skeleton.

Once they were back out in the hall again, Wendy led the way to the dragon-handled door that was on the opposite side of the hall and pulled it open. “Okay! This is my room. I hope you like it!”

In some ways, it looked identical to Sophia’s room, except for a few minor differences. The cover over the bed was blood-red, rather than black, and had spiders on it, instead of skulls. On top of the dresser next to the bed, there was a cage for the tarantula, but it was empty, just as they expected it to be. The walls of the room were also covered with posters, which had pictures of spiders on them, of various types.

“Hey, I think I like this room!” Kate said with a grin. “What about you, Candy?”

She nudged her friend in the arm, who still looked quite terrified about being given the task of searching for a tarantula. Wendy stepped over to the cage and reached up to it with her hands. She grabbed a hold of nothing, but seemed to be pretending that it was Lucy. She turned and walked over towards the bed, acting as if she was retracing her steps.

“Okay, I sat down here!” Wendy said, as she plopped onto the bed, suddenly looking very worried. “I was petting Lucy and decided to lay down. I fell asleep, I think, because I woke up suddenly and she was gone!”

Kate glanced down at the floor under the bed. “Could she have gone under the bed? Hmm… Candy, you take a look!”

“No!” Candice cried, causing Angel to laugh at her reaction.

“It’s probably a plastic spider, Candy,” Angel said. “I will take a look, just to see if it is there.”

Wendy flashed the redhead a grin. “Oh, thank you for looking! She could be down there, but the gaps under the doors are high enough she could have crawled out! I really hope she is down there!”

Even though Angel doubted it would be such an easy job to find Lucy, she handed her drink to Kate and got down on the floor, so she could look underneath the bed. What she saw, however, nearly scared the piss out of her gradually expanding bladder. Another doll was sitting on the carpet, smiling and staring back at her, with its creepy, glassy eyes.

Her face went pale and she glanced up at Kate from the floor. “Uh, n-no spiders down here! It’s just another creepy doll!”

She jumped up and noticed a smile creep onto her lover’s face, when she said, “S-so, I guess we should look s-somewhere else.”

Kate chuckled when she saw how shaken up Angel was. “Sure, let’s do that.”

She put her arm around the redhead and led the way out of the room, with Candice and Wendy on their heels. When the four of them returned to the hallway, the white-haired girl suddenly looked worried again. “I really do hope we find Lucy soon! She isn’t safe out here, with so many guests coming in! She could get stepped on…”

Angel started to feel a little less creeped out, with Kate’s arm around her, so she once again felt enthusiastic about helping with the search. Candice pressed her legs together and bit her lip, indicating that she had more pressing concerns on her mind. It was obvious that she wouldn’t be much help.

“Well, I’m thinking we should split up,” Kate said. “It might speed things up a bit.”

A fearful expression appeared on Candice’s face when she heard the suggestion. “Um, no! I’m not going to look for this spider on my own!”

Since she was feeling a little more at ease, after escaping from the watchful gaze of the doll under the bed, Angel gave her a smile. “Well, how about I come with you? If we find Lucy, you can get Kate to come and pick her up.”

Kate clearly liked the suggestion, since she smiled as well. She released Angel and then pointed in the direction of Sophia’s room and the one with the sleeping skeleton in it. “You guys look on that side of the hallway and I’ll look on this side.”

Wendy giggled excitedly. “Sounds like you three have a plan! Good luck finding Lucy for me! Whoever finds her first, will get a prize!”

That was the last thing she said to them, before returning to her room and slamming the door shut behind her.

“Hey!” Candice protested. “It’s her spider! Shouldn’t she be helping?”

At this, Kate laughed. “It’s obviously a fake spider! Besides, this is supposed to be a game. They’re trying to make us piss ourselves, remember?”

Candice put a hand against the wet crotch of her jeans and moaned. “I know. It’s just that I don’t want to piss myself this early in the tour and… I really hate spiders.”

“Well good luck, then,” was all Kate said, before she handed Angel’s drink back to her and opened the door to Wendy’s room. She went inside and closed it, leaving her other two companions alone in the hallway.

The brunette bit her lip nervously and then looked around at all of the doors on the other side of the hall. “Which door?”

Angel thought about it for a minute, while wondering if it was possible that Wendy wasn’t telling them the whole story. She probably took Lucy into the skeleton’s closet and hid it there, to make us think it’s anywhere but there.

She was also curious about what the jars in the display case had in them, so she wanted to explore the room a bit more, regardless. “Well… We could go back into the skeleton’s room. I think Wendy just hid the spider in the closet.”

“You think so?” Candice asked. “Wouldn’t that make it too easy?”

Angel knew that it was unlikely, but she still wanted to look, just to be safe. “Maybe, but since this is all a game, then it seems like the last place they would want us to check.”

Her friend folded her arms and started to anxiously tap one of her feet on the floor. “Okay, whatever. Let’s just hurry, okay? All that pop and tea is going right through me!”

The two of them then returned to the guest room, where the Mistress suddenly emerged from the doorway, with a wicked grin on her face. “So, you’ve decided to check the closet, have you? I don’t blame you in the least. Wendy is a naughty girl, so you should doubt everything she says.”

She then stepped out and gestured for them to go inside. “Feel free to touch anything in the room, but make sure you don’t break anything. If you do, your backsides will pay for it. Aside from that, good luck finding Lucy!”

The two friends went inside and then the Mistress wandered off down the hall, leaving them alone with the skeleton.

“Okay, that bitch is weird,” Candice whispered. “She seemed very interested in that skeleton, for some reason.”

Angel certainly agreed with that statement, but for her friend’s sake, she was more concerned about finding that sneaky spider, so they could get on with the tour. She looked over at the display case with the jars in it first, but then looked at the closet again. The door was still wide open, with the curtains still hanging in the doorway, concealing all that was within.

She pulled out her phone and used the flashlight on it to help her look around in the dark. “I’m going to check out the closet, I guess. Candy, you can check out the jars in that case over there, if you don’t want to look for Lucy.”

Candice certainly didn’t protest to that suggestion. “Sounds good to me!”

Angel stepped over to the closet and pushed the curtains out of her way. She quickly looked around with her flashlight and saw three boxes of unused Halloween decorations.

“Is this all that’s in here?” she asked, without directing her question at anyone in particular.

She very much doubted that there would be anything bigger than the average household spider hiding in the boxes, but she felt like looking through it regardless. There was a good chance that Lucy was merely an artificial spider, so it seemed like a good place for Wendy to hide her. Angel knelt down and started to dig through one of the boxes. She found a coiled up string of black lights, plastic skeletons, and a few other odds and ends that might have been used for hanging things up. No tarantulas showed up.

Maybe she is in another box? Angel wondered. Hopefully it’s not a real tarantula. If it is, then it wouldn’t be in here…

In the room behind her, she could hear the sound of Candice moving around on the carpeted floor, somewhere near the skeleton’s bed. It seemed obvious that she was more focused on trying not to piss herself, than she was on exploring the room. Ignoring her friend, Angel reached for another box and started to look through it.

It seems weird that they would just leave these boxes here, only to tell us that we can look through them, Angel thought. Wouldn’t it just-

Her thoughts were suddenly interrupted when she heard Candice quietly say something that sounded like, “What the hell?”

She stopped rummaging and listened for a moment, but nearly jumped out of her skin when she heard a bloodcurdling scream come from her friend’s mouth.

What the fuck?! Angel almost screamed, as she got up and left the closet, with her heart pounding in her chest.

The first thing that she saw was Candice standing in the middle of the room, staring wide-eyed at the skeleton, with her hands balled into fists at her sides. What she was staring at, however, was a massive spider that was hanging out of the skeleton’s mouth, just beneath the lower jaw. Its legs were wildly waving about, while Candice stared back at it wide-eyed, in the middle of the room, with her hands balled into tight fists. Along with the soft, mechanical squeal of the creature’s waving legs, Angel also heard the distinct hiss of pee spraying against clothing.

“Shit, is that Lucy?” Angel asked.

Candice didn’t answer, but instead just continued to wet her jeans, unable to take her eyes off of the spider. The door to Wendy’s room burst open suddenly, across the hall. Both Kate and the white-haired girl returned to the skeleton’s room, to see what the fuss was all about.

The spider’s legs stopped moving, just as they entered the room, and Candice blinked twice, before taking in a deep breath. “Holy fuck! I was taking a look at the dead guy and… That thing popped up out of nowhere!”

She then looked down as she continued to wet herself. Her pee started pooling inside of her worn out boots, while small rivulets escaped the material of her pants and drizzled onto the carpet.

“Lucy!” Wendy cried, just as she rushed over to the spider. She removed it from the skeleton’s mouth and cradled it in her hands, as if it was a real tarantula. “I was so worried!”

Kate looked down at Candice’s wet jeans and the wet spot in the carpet, after the stream eventually died down. “Jesus, Candy…”

When the brunette at last realized that Lucy was a mechanical spider, she took another deep breath and let it out. “Okay… It was just a… robot… Fuck!”

She turned to face her friends and looked down at her soaked jeans. The insides of her legs were soaked all the way down to the floor and her feet squished inside of her boots. She felt her backside with her hands and gasped. “Damn, I just pissed myself over a robot spider!”

From behind Kate, they all heard an evil cackle, just as the Mistress reappeared in the doorway. “I see you have found her! Great work!”

Kate stepped aside and furrowed her brow as the woman entered the room, but said nothing. Angel gave her a confused look, while Candice scowled at her.

“Lucy scared her, Mother!” Wendy cried. “She just loves to do that to people!”

Candice pointed an accusatory finger at the Mistress. “Did you put the spider in the dead guy’s bed?”

“Goodness, no!” the Mistress replied. “Lucy was merely hiding there, after she escaped from Wendy’s room. I’m just glad she is safe, at last!”

Kate did a face palm and started laughing. “Damn, how did we not see that coming?”

Candice’s angry expression softened and she put a hand against her chest. “Shit, you people sure got me good! God, I had no idea how good this haunted house was going to be!”

“I do hope you brought a change of clothes, my dear,” the Mistress said.

Then it was Candice’s turn to laugh, when she pointed at her friends and said, “Oh yeah, I came prepared, but they did not!”

Wendy and the Mistress gave Kate looks of surprise at this, but said nothing about it. The white-haired girl simply fled from the room, with Lucy in her hands, while her mother led their three guests over to the display case, to show them what was inside.

*031*2018-12-25 06:34

{{On 12/12/2018 at 1:22 PM, Midd said:

When do we get more of this wonderful work Annubis?

}}

I am expecting to have the next part finished within the next 2 - 3 days. It's taken me a lot longer than I wanted to get this done, but I am almost there. I apologize for the delay, but do not worry, the story is not dead!

*032*2018-12-27 04:05

7

The Mistress pulled open the doors of the display case, allowing her guests to see the jars a lot more clearly. There were three shelves inside, holding up the storage containers. On the top shelf, one of the jars, which was all the way over to the left side, contained a bunch of realistic looking eyeballs. To the right of it, there was another one that was half full of some kind of mysterious, green goo. To the right of that, there was another one that was filled with yellow liquid.

I wonder if it’s a jar full of pee, Angel thought. That would be kind of weird…

The Mistress grabbed the jar in question and then held it up so that everyone could look at it. “Would anyone like to guess what is in this one?”

Kate chuckled and blurted out, “It looks like piss!”

“That is indeed, what it is!” the white-haired lady said with a smile. “Our sleeping guest, over there, brought these collectibles with him.”

She set the jar back in its place and then stepped away from the display case. On the middle shelf, there was an unused candle sitting in the middle, with a skeleton’s hand wrapped around the base of it. On either side, there were two small, glass bottles with corks stuck in the top. One was labeled “Serpent’s Venom” and the other said “Serpent’s blood”.

Angel looked down at the bottom shelf, which was empty and covered with dust, as she thought, This is some interesting stuff. I can’t wait to see what is in the rest of this mansion…

The Mistress then closed the doors of the case and motioned for the three of them to follow her. “Now, if you will come with me, there is more that I must show you!”

She led the way out of the room and then shut the door, leaving the sleeping skeleton and the puddle of pee behind them. Candice’s boots squished as she and her friends followed their guide along. They were led past the next room, without being taken inside, but as they did so, the door cracked open, just enough to see that the inside was pitch black.

When Angel glanced inside, she saw what looked like a bright, yellow eye, with a black slit for a pupil, peaking out at her. What the hell is that?

Whoever or whatever was in there, was about her height, but she could not see its form. She heard a hoarse laugh come out of the room, just before the door went shut again.

That was weird, Angel thought. It was some kind of a cat creature, or something.

When they approached the very next door after that, it burst open suddenly and a guy in a clown suit emerged from the room. His skin was painted white and he had a goofy smile painted on his face, around his actual mouth.

“Hello there!” the clown said with a giggle. “It’s good to see new guests here because I need your help!”

The Mistress glanced at him with a sigh and put her hands on her hips. “Has Wendy been playing games on you again? What are we going to do with that girl?”

“Yes!” the clown cried. “I have been trying to finish my jigsaw puzzle all week, but the last ten pieces are gone! I just know Wendy hid them, but I don’t even know where to start looking!”

Once again, Kate accepted another mission, without consulting her companions about it beforehand. “That should be no problem! We’ll find them for you.”

“At least we’re not looking for a spider this time,” Candice grumbled.

The clown laughed at her comment, but then lowered his voice down to a whisper. “I think Wendy lets Lucy escape on purpose… but that will be our secret, won’t it?”

Before any of them had a chance to respond, he closed the door to his room and then stepped over to the door where Angel had seen the eye looking out at them, from within the darkness.

“I think she may have hidden some of them in here, because she knows I am afraid of the dark!” he said.

Oh really? Angel thought. Why would someone who is afraid of the dark stay in a place like this?

Kate did not hesitate to step over to the door of the dark room. She reached for the handle and pulled it open. The light in the hall illuminated a small, rectangular area of the room’s floor, which was covered with a dark gray carpet. As for the rest of the space, it was totally hidden in shadow, making it nearly impossible to see anything that was inside.

“Hmm, this is interesting,” she said, before glancing back at Angel and Candice. “Let’s see what’s in here!”

Angel and Candice both exchanged glances, before the redhead followed her beloved girlfriend inside. The brunette, on the other hand, remained out in the hall and said, “I think I’d like to get changed into some dry clothes. I had an accident earlier than I thought I was going to, so… It would be nice to be dry again, for a little while, at least.”

Kate turned back towards the doorway and jokingly shouted back, “It’s a good thing you brought a full bag of dry clothes! You will probably need them all!”

“Very funny!” was Candice’s reply.

Angel held up her phone and suddenly realized that she had forgotten to turn off the flashlight. She used it to look around the dark room, only to discover that this was not actually a room, but a wide hallway, which grew increasingly dark the further on it went. Along the walls on either side, rows of cardboard boxes were lined up against the baseboard, with their sides touching one another. Some were taped shut, but others were wide open.

“This is weird,” Kate said as she glanced around. “Why would-”

Before she could say anything else, the door behind them slammed shut, separating them from their friend, who was left all alone with the clown and the Mistress of the house.

“What the hell?!” Angel cried out as she spun around. “What is that?”

Kate turned around as well and they both saw someone dressed in a fur suit, which gave them the appearance of a large, humanoid version of a black panther, with their back pressed against the door and their arms against the wall on either side of it. The eyes on its face glowed bright yellow and its mouth hung open, revealing jaws full of realistic looking teeth.

The person in the suit spoke to them in a voice that sounded like a high-pitched growl, “Welcome! This is my hallway and these are my boxes!”

“Have you seen Wendy in here today?” Kate asked. “We’ve got to find these puzzle pieces, so the clown can do his thing.”

The cat creature took a step toward them and laughed. “Maybe I have and… maybe I have not…”

Kate pressed her legs together and winced, but quickly regained her composure. “Hey, give us a break, why don’t ya? The sooner we find these damn things, the sooner we can piss!”

“Is that so?” the creature asked. “Then you had better start looking!”

Angel let out an amused sigh when she realized that the person in the fur suit wasn’t going to be of any help. Her own need to pee was becoming more of a nuisance than before, but it wasn’t quite urgent just yet.

Luckily I have the key, she thought. If it gets too bad, I’ll just have to look for the bathroom, but until then, we will keep searching.

She turned back towards the boxes and said, “The cat person is right, Kay. We’ll just have to start looking.”

Kate brought out her own phone, so she could do her part. Angel noticed an annoyed expression on the gorgeous blonde’s face, when the screen lit up.

She needs to pee already! Angel realized, as she lowered her gaze down to her girlfriend’s shapely bottom, which she noticed was moving side to side. The tea she got from Sophia is really working its magic!

When the flashlight on Kate’s phone came on, the hallway brightened up even more, and she took a few steps forward. “Well, we had better hurry then! We don’t have all night!”

I don’t know if I want to hurry, Angel thought, as she watched Kate move over to one of the boxes and bend down to look through it. The longer this takes, the more she will squirm! This is going to be so hot…

The rustling sounds coming from within the box sounded rushed, like Kate was trying to hurry, and she slowly moved her hips side to side while she searched for the puzzle pieces. This rekindled the redhead’s arousal all over again, after having lost it when the creepy dolls nearly scared the piss out of her.

My god, if the person in the fur suit wasn’t in here with us, I wouldn’t be able to keep my hands off of her! Angel thought, suddenly feeling a little embarrassed. I wish we were alone in here…

Behind her, the individual in the suit spoke, disrupting her thoughts. “She seems like she is growing more desperate. If you want her to make it, then start looking! If not, then…”

When they paused, Angel glanced at them and then back at Kate, who stopped searching through the box and looked back at her with a smile, while remaining bent over.

“Do you even want me to make it, my little Angel?” Kate asked.

The redhead felt her face grow hot and she was glad that the room was too dark for the actor in the suit to notice. “Um, no, I want to see you wet yourself…”

With a grin, the blonde stood up straight and turned to face her cute, little submissive. “Is that so? Well, I’ll make you a deal then. If you help me get to the end of this tour without an accident, I will piss myself for you.”

A gasp escaped past Angel’s lips, when she realized what she was being offered. She wasn’t sure if it would be inside of the mansion, or on the outside, but knowing that she was going to be able to watch Kate flood her jeans, made the inside of her panties all damp.

“R-really?” was all she could say in response to being given this opportunity.

Kate then added, “When it happens, you get to decide where and when!”

Oh my god, I can’t believe this! Angel thought. I’m not sure where I want her to do it, but I need to see this!

The person in the fur suit let out a soft, whistling chuckle, which sounded more like a hiss than laughter. “Do you two need a moment alone? I have many other places where I can be! I can give you your space…”

Angel did not respond to their question, but she instead rushed over to another box and started frantically digging through it. “Let’s find these things! I…”

The sensation of a hand gently placing itself on her arm stopped her in her tracks and her words trailed off. She looked back and saw that it was Kate’s hand. She looked up into her face and saw nothing but lust in her eyes.

“I’m thinking that we do need some time alone,” Kate said quietly.

Their unexpected guest hissed with laughter again. “Very well! I recommend covering the door with boxes, so no one else comes in!”

That was the last thing the person said before rushing back to the door, pushing it open, and disappearing out into the main hallway, where Candice and the others had been just moments before. The heavy, wooden door slammed shut and Angel turned away from the box she was looking through, feeling very excited and nervous at the same time.

“Since when did you become a piss lover, hmm?” Kate asked.

Angel swallowed hard when her sexy, blonde companion wrapped her arms around her and pulled her close. “Uh, since the other day when you came back from work. We got into bed and you… you got so desperate, I-I thought you were going to piss yourself, but…”

Kate kissed her neck and then spoke softly into her ear. “You were hoping I would, weren’t you?”

“Yes, I was!” was Angel’s reply, when she put her hands on Kate’s lower back. “I didn’t know that I would love seeing you so desperate, but it was amazing!”

Kate chuckled and whispered, “You have no idea how badly I need to pee right now… I’m better than Candy at hiding it, but I can definitely feel it… I don’t have anything clean to put on right now, so the longer I hold it, the better.”

Angel said nothing else, while enjoying the feeling of Kate wriggling and writhing against her. It was just as amazing as the day she came home from work bursting, just before their wild night of fun began. She had felt her lover’s squirming body pressed up against her when they got into bed, while their hands explored each other’s’ skin. She could hardly believe that it was happening again, in the dark hallway of the haunted mansion, and she couldn’t wait to see what was coming.

The redhead gasped again when she felt her lover’s hand leave its place on her back and move down to the waistband of her jeans. From there, it moved around to the front, towards the button and the zipper that held them in place. For a moment, she thought it was going to disappear down the front of her jeans, but it did not. Instead, her lover’s fingers played with the zipper a little bit, driving her wild with desire.

“Here is what I need you to do, my little Angel,” Kate said. “When the pain becomes unbearable, I need you to find secret places for me to let out a spurt or two, just so I can make it to the end. If you do that, I’ll wet myself for you before we leave, I promise.”

Angel’s jaw dropped. “But that’s… That would be cheating!”

Kate put her lips up close to Angel’s, but did not kiss her at first. “I know. That’s why we’re not going to let anyone find out…”

“Okay,” Angel said, just before they kissed. They both held each other for nearly a minute, before separating again.

Kate flashed her a teasing smile and crossed her legs over each other. “So, where did you put your drink that I handed you?”

Angel looked down, suddenly realizing that she only had her phone in one hand, but her large cup from the gas station was nowhere in sight. “Uh, I don’t know…”

“Did you leave it in the skeleton’s room, by chance?”

Angel thought about it for a minute. When I was in the closet, searching for Lucy, I must have set it down before Candy freaked!

“Yes, I think so,” Angel replied.

“Could you grab it for me?” Kate asked. “If you want any more of it, then drink what you want. I’ll drink the rest and then hide behind a stack of boxes…”

“You’re going to pee in it?” Angel asked.

Kate nodded and bit her lip. “Just a little bit, so no one becomes suspicious. I want you to keep an eye out, to make sure no one comes in and sees me do it.”

Angel suddenly remembered exactly what the Mistress had said to her when she was given the key. It was her job to make sure that neither of her friends cheated during the tour, but her love for Kate was so strong, that she seriously considered doing it.

Candy already lost, so it shouldn’t hurt her too much, Angel thought, as she tried to rationalize it in her head. I want to help Kate win, so she will piss her jeans for me!

Angel smiled back when their eyes locked on each other. “I’ll help you. I’ll be right back!”

Kate returned to searching through the boxes, while Angel went back to the door and pushed it open. She quickly glanced around to see if anyone was out in the main hall, but there was no one. She briefly wondered if the Mistress had taken Candice back outside to the vehicle, before returning to the room with the sleeping skeleton in it.

*038*2019-03-26 00:18

8

After Angel and Kate disappeared into the pitch-black room, the clown returned to his living space and Candice followed the Mistress back to the living room, with her boots squishing the entire way.

God, I don’t know if I remembered to bring any other shoes with me, Candice thought. I don’t really want to wear these same, squishy boots the entire time, but if I have to, I guess I will…

As she was thinking that, the Mistress glanced back and said excitedly, “Well, it seems more guests have come inside! They are friends of yours as well, correct?”

At first, Candice was unsure of who she was referring to, but when the black couch by the fireplace came into view, she saw her other friends from outside, Jessica, Maria, and Stephen. In the chair directly across from them, the Master of the house was telling them the backstory behind the paintings on the walls, but he paused when he realized that the four of them were no longer alone.

“Why, hello there, my dear,” the Master said. “Has this guest created a puddle somewhere, hmm?”

When Candice stepped into the light cast out by the fire, the wet areas of her pants were noticeably darker than the rest of the material, even in the dim light. She blushed and laughed when her other friends noticed.

Jessica flashed her an amused grin. “Good one! Did something scare you, or did you just lose it?”

“I got the piss scared out of me by a giant spider!” she replied.

This response gave Stephen and Maria a chuckle, just as the Mistress explained what happened, to her husband. “Lucy escaped from her cage again, my dear. Candice found her in a place where she did not expect to.”

The Master of the house replied with a smirk, “Is that so? Wendy is so irresponsible. She’s going to have to be punished…”

Not even wanting to know what he meant by that, Candice simply changed the subject. “I’m going outside to get a change of clothes. I… don’t want to go through the tour all wet.”

“Well, you wouldn’t have that problem if you would have taken a piss before you went in,” Jessica said with a laugh. “After you followed the Mistress in, a bunch of us went off to the side and… watered the grass.”

A look of surprise appeared on Candice’s face, causing Stephen and Maria to laugh as well. “You did? I guess I didn’t think of doing that…”

The Mistress then reminded her of what the two of them had set out to do. “Well then, we should get moving now. Your friends are going to need you, so the sooner you get clean and dry, the better!”

Candice did not protest; instead she followed her guide back to the front door. When the two of them stepped outside, she noticed that the crowd in the courtyard had actually grown a little, but what caught her attention the most, were the sexy, young ladies squatting off to the side of where they were going to be lined up, while spraying the grass beneath them with their pee. They had their pants around their ankles and their drinks held up in the air, without even caring about the fact that their bare rumps were showing.

Damn, there’s no way Kate can win against these people! Candice thought. There was no rule about not peeing outside, but I didn’t even consider doing it in the first place! I don’t know what she is going to do now…

Feeling a little discouraged, she pushed aside her own thoughts and hurried past them, back to Kate’s vehicle, to retrieve some clean clothes.

###

Angel closed the door behind her, so that she was all alone with the skeleton in the bed. She cautiously stepped over to the closet and took a peek inside, to make sure no one was hiding in it. With the help of her phone’s flashlight, she easily spotted the thirty-two ounce cup sitting on the floor, against the wall.

“Wow, I can’t believe I didn’t knock it over when I heard Candy scream,” she mumbled when she went over and grabbed it. “Hmm, it’s still over half full... That’s going to be a lot to drink so that Kate can-”

She suddenly lost her train of thought when she spotted something else on the floor, in the same spot where her cup had just been. “What is this?”

To her surprise, it turned out that the mysterious object was a puzzle piece. She gasped when she realized that she had found one of the ten pieces they had to find. While it was certainly strange that it had been placed underneath her cup, she didn’t give it much thought. She was just happy to have found it when she stuck it in one of the pockets of her jeans. Feeling excited, she turned and stepped out of the closet, eager to help her beloved Kate complete the challenge, so she could get the happy ending she desired. When she reached for the dragon on the door that led back into the hall, she started giggling, as she imagined watching Kate let small spurts of her pee into the cup.

“This is going to be fun!” she cried as she yanked the door open, only to be surprised to find Wendy standing on the other side of the doorway, with her arms folded across her chest.

A wicked grin appeared on Wendy’s face and she raised an eyebrow. “Did you forget something?”

Angel’s heart started pounding in her chest and she suddenly felt an urgent need to pee, which seemed to have appeared out of nowhere. “Um, yes, I…”

The redhead pressed her legs together and bit her lip, which only seemed to excite the white-haired girl even more. “I just forgot my drink! I left it there after, um… Lucy scared Candy!”

“Oh, I see,” was Wendy’s response. “Have you had much luck finding any of the puzzle pieces?”

For a moment, Angel forgot about the one she had just picked up, since she was startled by Wendy’s behavior. Her bladder’s decision to suddenly go nuts didn’t help either.

Angel just shrugged. “Um, we’re looking, but… Oh fuck!”

Wendy then put both of her hands over her mouth and started to giggle. “Oh dear! The girl with the key is about to wet herself!”

Angel eventually managed to regain control and stuck her free hand into her pocket, where the key just so happened to be with the puzzle piece that she had found in the closet. “Oh, wait, I-I did find a puzzle piece! It-it was in the closet!”

With a shaky hand, she pulled it out and showed it to Wendy, who lowered her hands from her face and gave her a friendly smile. “Well done! Just for that, I am going to help you find the next one! It’s somewhere in the dark hallway full of boxes.”

Angel’s anxiety returned and a look of surprise came over her face. “Um, that’s not really necessary. Kay and I have it under control!”

“But I insist!” Wendy said excitedly. “You found the very first piece that I hid, so as a reward, I will help you find the next one!”

Once she realized that there was no changing her mind, Angel simply accepted the assistance. “Okay, thanks.”

She then led the way back to the dark hallway, with Wendy right on her heels, all the while wondering when Kate might get the chance to piss into the cup. She took a large sip when she got to the door, just before grabbing the handle and pulling it open. As the two of them stepped inside, Angel saw Kate facing away from her, while using one hand to support herself against a stack of boxes. The other appeared to be pressed against her crotch, while she was half-squatting with her rear end stuck out behind her. As for her phone, it was lying on a nearby box in such a way that the flashlight shone straight up at the ceiling.

“Damn it!” Kate cried as she forced herself to stand up straight. She turned around and put both of her hands against the front of her legs, in a failed attempt to look natural. “Oh, hello, Wendy.”

Angel could hear the surprise and annoyance in her voice, since she obviously didn’t expect anyone else to be with them. “Um, Kay, Wendy is going to help us find the next puzzle piece, since I just found the first one.”

“Oh,” was all Kate said. “I guess it can’t hurt.”

Wendy suddenly started cackling in the same manner as her mother. “You don’t have to act tough just because I am here! If you need your hands on your naughty bits, then that is where they should be!”

Kate suddenly looked angry, but then quickly calmed herself as she grabbed her phone again. “So, where is the next puzzle piece then, hmm? We don’t have much time for this!”

Wendy put her hands together and started to rub them back and forth against one another. “Well, it is in one of these boxes, but you may have to move some to get to it.”

She went past Kate and then the two eager love birds followed her along. The further they went, the more that the flashlights on their phones revealed to them. Soon, they came to an old couch, with a stack of boxes on either side of it. Beyond that, there was another door at the end of the hall with a dragon handle on it.

When they reached the couch, Wendy stopped and put her hands on her hips. “Alright, this is the place! One of these boxes has the piece, but to find it, you must move em’ and search em’!”

Kate let out an irritated sigh and grabbed the top box from the stack that was to the right of the couch. Angel went to the left, while the white-haired girl giggled and whispered to herself, “Move em’ and search em’…”

As Angel set her cup down on the floor next to the stack on her side, which was four boxes high, she wondered if there was some sort of a hidden meaning to those words. I wonder if it’s something perverted… If it is, I don’t know what it means, but since this is a kinky haunted house, it has to be.

She grabbed the box that was on top and set it down on the left cushion of the couch. The box turned out to be full of rubber spiders and plastic eyeballs. She started digging through them, hoping that there was another puzzle piece in there, while Kate pee danced next to her.

She needs to pee so badly, Angel thought. I hope I can find the next piece soon!

Kate then reached for a box and set it down on the opposite side of the couch from Angel’s, but resumed her pee dancing, rather than digging through it. It was obvious that the tea from Sophia and the soda from her cup was rushing through her like a raging river.

“Are you having trouble, Kay?” Wendy asked with a giggle. “That tea Sophia likes is some strong stuff, isn’t it?”

Kate ignored her as she frantically searched through the box. Angel gave up on combing through hers and grabbed another one, which she then set on the floor. Wendy simply folded her hands together near her crotch and watched them, with a devious grin on her face.

It’s so weird how she keeps watching us like that, Angel thought, as she looked through the second box. She is probably just stringing us along, just to slow us down.

Beside her, Kate made soft grunts while she frantically searched through her first box, without finding anything useful. She kept putting one hand against her crotch briefly, before pulling it away again, while also shaking her hips the whole time.

It’s crazy how desperate she is now, Angel thought, finding it nearly impossible to focus on the task at hand. She might even be more desperate than she was the other day… Shit, it’s so hard to look for these puzzle pieces when I can’t focus on what I’m doing!

Kate eventually gave up and moved onto the second box. She tried to grab it and move it, but for some reason, she could not. “Fuck, this one is stuck!”

Angel glanced over and watched Kate struggle to move the box. She tried a couple of times to pull it, and then put one hand between her legs, so that she could lean against the stack with the other.

Leaving hers behind, Angel went over to help her. “Hang on, let me help you.”

Kate stepped back and put both hands between her legs with a grunt, so her redheaded girlfriend could grab it. “Thanks…”

Inside, there appeared to only be more rubber spiders and plastic eyeballs, but when Angel tried to pull on it, a hand suddenly burst up from inside, causing the two girls to jump back, and a loud voice bellowed out at them from a hidden speaker in the ceiling, “Go away! You do not belong here!”

“Shit!” Kate cried, while Wendy went into a giggling fit behind them.

“You are not welcome here!” the voice said. “I want you to leave, or I will take your souls!”

Kate briefly pulled her hands away from her crotch and stamped her foot angrily. “Damn it!”

For a few seconds, Angel thought that she heard the sound of pee spraying against clothing, but it stopped suddenly, making her wonder if she had even heard it. “Kay, d-did you…”

The hand disappeared back into the depths of the cardboard receptacle, causing the spiders and eyeballs inside to rustle. Kate just stared angrily at the box, not even appearing to hear what Angel had just asked.

“Well, that was interesting!” Wendy cried. “The puzzle piece is in that box. I just thought I’d let you know!”

“Kay?” Angel asked again, finally catching Kate’s attention.

“What?” Kate asked.

Wendy clapped her hands excitedly, interrupting Angel before she could ask her question again. “Now, all you have to do is dig through it and you will find it! Just… don’t try to move it. He doesn’t like it when people try to take his box.”

Kate took a deep breath and let it out. “Okay, it’s… in there.”

Her angry expression faded and then she put both hands between her legs again. “Angel, could you please?”

Angel stepped towards it and looked back down inside, feeling uncertain about digging through it. After a moment of hesitation, she reached in and started to move the contents around, near the surface. It didn’t take long before she finally found the puzzle piece, wedged in between the legs of one of the rubber spiders.

She grabbed it and held it up so that Wendy and Kate could see it. “Well, I guess I found it then.”

Wendy giggled again. “That’s good! Now, I’ll just have to get you two out of this hallway and let the kitty know!”

Kate gave her a fearful look, but said nothing. She just put both hands between her legs again and led the way, when Wendy motioned with her hands for the two of them to leave.

“Come on, get out of here now!” Wendy ordered. “This is the kitty’s hallway, so it’s time to go!”

Angel tried to protest, but it did no good. “But…”

“Go on, shoo!” Wendy cried. “Let’s go! I helped you find the second piece, so it’s time to go!”

Angel and Kate reluctantly did as they were told and returned to the door that led back out to the main hallway, where all of the other doors were. The redhead opened the door and the three of them stepped out. The cat creature was crouched down on the carpet, waiting for them in the hallway.

“Did they find it, Wendy?” the person in the fur suit asked. “Did they find the piece?”

“Yes, they did,” Wendy replied. “Now you can have your hallway back.”

The cat creature jumped up into the air with an excited screech and hurried back inside, before slamming the door shut and locking it. Both Kate and Angel exchanged fearful glances when they heard the click.

Wendy put her hands on her hips and grinned. “Well, that was fun, wasn’t it? Good luck finding the rest of them!”

She then skipped away, back to her room, while Kate tapped her feet on the carpet below. Wendy pulled her door open and slammed it shut behind her when she went in.

Once they were alone, Kate groaned loudly. “Shit, I have to pee so badly right now! I leaked a little when the hand came out of the box, but it didn’t help!”

Angel looked down at her hands and realized that she had forgotten to grab her cup again. She closed her fingers over the puzzle piece and put her hand into a fist. She looked into her desperate lover’s eyes and they just stared back at each other, wondering what they were supposed to do next.

*042*2019-03-30 07:11

Thank you for the comments @Manowar

, @The Dark Wolf

, and @Melificentfan

. Your encouragement means a lot and there is more coming soon. The next chapter just needs a little more proofreading and then it should be ready.

*043*2019-03-31 22:34

9

Kate continued tapping her feet on the floor and groaning while Angel tried to think of a solution. She thought about knocking on the door and asking if she could get her cup back, but she wasn’t sure if that would work. Her girlfriend would have to find another dark place to hide in, if she was going to pee in it, and even then, there was no way of knowing if the person in the suit would even bring it to them.

“What am I going to do now?” Kate asked. “Candy and the crazy witch haven’t gotten back yet… I’m about to burst and there is no way I can make it through this entire tour!”

Angel suddenly remembered the wet patch in the carpet of the skeleton’s room and she smiled. “Well, what if you peed a little bit in Candy’s wet spot? We could go back to the skeleton’s room and you could do it there!”

Kate’s eyes opened wide with surprise and she laughed at the thought. “Okay! The floor is already wet there, so no one will care!”

They both looked around, to make sure that no one was watching, and then Angel led the way back to the skeleton’s room again. Along the way, she stuck the puzzle piece into her pocket, so it could be safely stored with the key and the first piece she had found. She pulled the door open and allowed her desperate lover to go in first. Kate went inside and then she followed her in, allowing the door to swing shut behind them.

Kate went over to the wet spot on the floor and started to fumble with the button on her jeans, but she groaned and put both of her hands against her crotch again. “Shit, I’m going to need help, my little Angel!”

Angel went over and unbuttoned her pants for her. “Okay, but you will have to make it quick! Candy and-”

Before she could finish her thought, the Mistress’s voice called out to them, from out in the main hallway. “Angel! Kate! We are back!”

Angel and Kate locked eyes with each other again, since they were once again unsure about what they wanted to do. They could hear Candice grumbling about something out in the hallway as well, but it was difficult to tell what.

“Damn it, they’re already back,” Kate whined. “I wanted to win this thing, but now I can’t…”

Angel reached for her zipper and pulled it down. “Yes, you can! Just a little spurt is all you need to do!”

Kate groaned again and pulled down her pants, exposing some lacy, pink panties, which were already a little wet in the crotch area, from when she had leaked earlier. She started to slide them down, but before she could get anywhere, there was a knock on the door.

“Shit!” she stopped what she was doing and reached for her jeans.

Angel gasped when she heard the hiss of pee and saw the wet spot on her lover’s panties grow a little bigger.

“Hey, are you guys in there?” Candice asked, from the other side of the door.

Kate started to pull her pants back up, just as their friend yanked the door open.

“Oops!” Candice cried, as her face suddenly turned red. “I didn’t mean to interrupt!”

The Mistress of the house was behind her, with a grin on her face, staring at Kate while she pulled her pants up the rest of the way. “What, if I may ask, is going on in here, hmm?”

Kate’s face turned red as well, when she zipped up her jeans and fumbled with the button again. “Well, I…”

Angel smiled back and gave the Mistress the best explanation she could think of. “Oh, she was just showing me a wet spot on her underwear! The hand in the box scared her good!”

Candice stepped back, allowing the Mistress to enter the room, who then went over to Kate and asked, “Is that so? Hopefully you found more puzzle pieces, while we were gone.”

Kate put both of her hands against her crotch again and resumed tapping her feet. “Oh, yeah! Angel found two!”

The Mistress clapped her hands and laughed excitedly. “Excellent! Now, you just have to find the other eight! With Candice here to help you, that should be easy!”

When Candice followed her inside, Angel looked down at her friend’s feet, which she noticed were clad in the same boots as earlier, even though she was wearing clean jeans again, so she decided to change the subject. “You didn’t bring any other shoes, did you, Candy?”

Candice made an irritated face and shook her head. “Nope… It looks like I’ll have to keep wearing these wet boots for a while. At least I have dry pants, now.”

Ignoring the conversation, the Mistress kept her eyes on Kate, who returned her stare. “Someone seems awfully desperate. Will you be able to make it through the tour?”

Kate smiled and nodded, but the movements that she was making with the rest of her body contradicted that response. “Oh, yeah! I’m going to win!”

“If you say so,” the Mistress said. “Come girls! There are more rooms to search! Once you find the pieces and return them to their owner, we will continue the tour!”

For the final time, the Mistress led the way out of the skeleton’s room, and she shut the door after the three girls were out. “Alright, now, if we can let this guest rest in peace for the remainder of the night, we should be good!”

She cackled again and led the way past the cat creature’s hallway and the clown’s room. Kate kept hopping from foot to foot along the way, with both hands firmly pressed against her crotch. Angel also found it interesting that Candice’s boots were still squishing as well.

This is turning out to be a crazy night, Angel thought. There is no way that Kate is going to win! I wish I could win for her, but I don’t think I can do that.

At this point, the redhead’s bladder was starting to cause her a noticeable amount of discomfort, but she didn’t think it was necessary to use the key yet. Regardless, she doubted that she would be able to make it to the end, if she gave up the key, and she really didn’t want to walk around in wet pants, if that turned out to be true.

The Mistress glanced back at them as they were led past a few more doors, but did not turn around. “I am going to take you to another room, where Wendy loves to hide things! It’s just around the corner, up ahead.”

She led them past several other doors, without opening them up to reveal what was inside. The end of the hallway grew closer and closer, while Kate’s predicament grew increasingly dire. She kept giving Angel looks that indicated that she was on the verge of wetting herself at any time, which made the redhead very horny.

When their group at last made it to the end, the hallway turned to the left, and Angel heard the Master’s booming voice behind her, from all the way back where they had started, causing her to glance in that direction when they made the turn. “Now, let me introduce you to Sophia, friends! She always has lots of tea to share!”

Hey, those are Candy’s other friends from outside, she realized, when she saw the people that were with him. I wonder if they will catch up to us, or if we are going to stay separated. Things look like they could get even more interesting.

As they left the first part of the hallway behind them, Kate groaned loudly. “Oh, fuck… This is getting bad…”

Angel pulled one of Kate’s hands away from her crotch, so that she could hold onto it with one of her own. “You can hold it, Kay. I believe in you…”

Kate did not resist, but she did protest. “Angel… I need that hand! I’m bursting here!”

When the Mistress finally stopped, she grabbed the dragon handle of one of the doors, but she smiled at the two lovers before opening it. “Aw, you two are so adorable! Come, this is the toy room!”

She pulled the door open and the three girls went inside. What they all saw next was the most horrific toy room they had ever seen. The carpet was blood-red and every single wall was covered by large shelving units, which were painted black and full of Halloween decorations, random books, and more jars like those that were in the skeleton’s display case. On the floor, there were deeply disturbing abominations which had been put together using an amalgamation of various toy parts. There was a severed head, from one of the Mistress’s dolls, attached to the chassis of a remote-controlled car, which was doing donuts in the middle of the room, all by itself. The other body parts of the doll were scattered all over the floor. There were also skulls with the legs of spiders crawling about, using their mechanical legs to drag themselves across the carpet, and there were mutated, humanoid creatures with the claws of lobsters attached to the ends of their arms, wandering around aimlessly.

“Wendy does like to play in here a lot,” the Mistress said. “I figured this would help to narrow down your search, so that you have less rooms to look through.”

Kate bit her lip and did a pee dance while she looked around at her new surroundings. “I guess this… helps.”

“I will go a little ways down the hall, to another room Wendy likes to play in,” the Mistress said with a chuckle. “If anyone there has seen her recently, they will tell me.”

Candice smiled at her and nodded. “Thanks! We’ll take it from here.”

The Mistress then pushed the door shut, leaving the three of them alone in the room. Kate groaned again and Candice laughed at her. “Well, well, well… It looks like you’re not going to make it after all!”

Kate pretended to look angry for a moment, but then she bit her lip again and started to look very nervous. “I will, but I just… I need to find a place to let a little bit of this pee out, so that I can make it to the end!”

Angel let go of her hand, allowing her to put it back between her legs while she looked around for a place to pee. Before she had much of a chance, however, Candice stepped over one of the wandering toys and blocked Kate’s path. “Wait, you’re going to do what? Are you trying to cheat?”

Kate started to fumble with the button on her jeans, using one hand, but she couldn’t seem to get it undone. “Sort of… I just need to let out a small spurt here and there. I didn’t bring extra pants, so I kind of need to do this.”

Candice laughed. “But if you do that, then you will lose!”

Angel stepped over to Kate, so she could help her with the button again. The two of them ignored their friend’s comment, while they got her jeans undone and pulled them down towards her knees. More pee leaked into the sexy blonde girl’s panties, causing some of it to dribble down into her jeans.

“Shit!” Kate cried, as she went over to one of the corners, so that she was in between two of the shelving units, yanked her panties down, and squatted over the carpet. “Come on, I just need to let out a little bit… Just a little…”

Candice laughed again when she and Angel heard the sound of pee spraying against the carpet and the wall. Kate tried to cut off the flow of pee after a couple of seconds, but she failed, because another powerful spurt that lasted twice as long, sprayed out of her body, onto the floor.

Angel blushed and pressed a hand against her own crotch, suddenly wishing she was alone with Kate again. Oh my god… This is so hot!

Kate groaned loudly when she cut off the second spurt and then proceeded to stand and pull her panties back up. When she did this, more of her pee escaped and soaked the material of her undies again.

“Shit, I can’t stop peeing!” Kate cried, as she quickly covered herself up. “Come on… Come on… No more leaks!”

Candice folded her arms over her chest and shook her head with a smile. “The Mistress is going to notice that you’re not as desperate now. It’s going to be very difficult to hide it, you know.”

Angel noticed that Kate certainly seemed less desperate, as she buttoned and zipped up her jeans. Luckily, it wasn’t a huge difference, since she was still, obviously, dealing with a great deal of discomfort.

“Well, I will tell her that I leaked a little bit into my pants,” was Kate’s reply, as she inspected the noticeable wet patch in the crotch of her jeans. “As long as she doesn’t look around, she shouldn’t be able to find out…”

Changing the subject, Candice looked around at the grotesque toy room and said, “Whatever we do, we had better find these puzzle pieces and get out of here, before she notices the fresh pee.”

Neither of her two friends expressed disagreement with that idea, so they quickly started to look through the various items on the shelves. There was no telling when the Mistress was going to return, so they knew they had to hurry. As for the abominations moving about on the floor, they simply ignored them, as they went about their business.

