A girl named Ainsley wets herself 3 times in one day

Author: animepee1234

*000*2018-03-20 00:46

Ainsley woke up feeling quite desperate. She got out of bed and ran to the bathroom. She sat down and felt a wave of relief go over her. She then satrted to feel a wet feeling. She stood up expecting to find plastic wrap on the toilet as a prank by her brothers again. She didn't find anything then she felt herself wake up. She still felt a wetness. She sprung up and pulled the covers up and saw yellow stained bedsheets, along with her dampened and darkened red pajamas. She got up took the wet clothes off, took her bed sheets and put them in the wash. She hopped in the shower to clean herself. After that she got ready for school.

When she arrived at school she grabbed a water bottle from the he vending machine before 1st period started. By the end of firsts she had finished the water already but she still felt thirsty. She went back and got another again by the end of the period she finished. Later around 6th period(2 hours later) Ainsley immediately felt desperation hit her she started holding her crotch. She raised her hand and asked "can I use the bathroom!?"

"No you can't!" The teacher sharply said sharply

(4 minutes later)

Ainsley was at her limit and was about to piss herself. She looked at the clock and there was 30 minutes left in class.

She raised her hand again and again asked to go to the bathroom and again the teacher denied the request.

(10 minutes pass)

Ainsley was about to pee and second. She tightly held her crotch and crossed her legs. She rose her hand but felt drops of warm pee drip out. She quickly put her hand down and continued to hold her crotch. She felt the flood gates slowly open. She held tighter, and tighter and felt a warm feeling over come her. Piss driped from the chair onto the floor. Tears appeared in her eyes and blushed with embarrassment as everyone stared. She got up and headed to the nurse.

At the end of the day Ainsley still embarrassed for wetting herself twice. Whilst thinking that she felt the need to pee once more. She started getting up to quickly go before the bus left but the bus doors closed and they started to drive off. She held her crotch. "It's only a 10 minute drive" she said to herself. "There's an accident right outside of the schools parking lot on Oswald Avenue" the radio said "Use the secondary route" The man on the radio continued. "That's like 25 minutes now" Ainsley thought to herself. She slowly felt more and more desperate.

10 minutes later

Ainsley started crossing her legs and holding her crotch. The bus hit a bump and "Shit!" Ainsley screamed, as a small stream of pee came out and stained the white pants the nurse gave her.

She sat back down and held her crotch even tighter.

Soemtime later

As the bus pulled up to her house she was relived. She got up and grabbed her things and started walking up and thebus then came to a halt in front of her house she got back up and slowly walked towards the bus door still holding her crotch tightly, then she felt the warm stream of pee come from her crotch.

She held her crotch tighter but the pee wouldn't stop then the pee bursts out and she again was embarrassed. She then walked off the bus wet and embarrassed. She walked into the house and put all her wet clothes in the wash and walked into her room, and closed the door.

The End

