When Mom's Out

Author: Astolfosuki

*000*2020-03-19 05:02

Same as every weekend, their Mom went out shopping leaving behind the two sisters; the older sister Lisa and the younger sister Ellie. They have a rocky relationship not only because they are not blood related, but also with their dad often missing for business trips. Although Ellie is fortunate enough that her step Mom treats her fairly, she still has to tolerate her step sister’s daily teasing.

Shortly after their Mom leaves, Lisa gets bored and thinks of how she’ll tease Ellie today. She grabs a deck of cards on the way to the living room where Ellie is sitting on the couch watching TV while sipping lemonade. Lisa stands beside the television and waits for Ellie to notice her.

Ellie in an orange T-shirt and a blue plaid skirt, sighs deeply before asking, “What do you want, Lisa?”

Lisa smiles and holds up the deck, “I am bored, let’s play card.”

Ellie rolls her eyes accepting that she has no room to refuse, “Fine, let’s play.”

“Awesome, just give me a minute,” Lisa leaves the card and disappears into the kitchen; shortly after coming back out with two tall glasses of water. She places both two glasses on the table in front of them and starts to shuffle the cards.”Let play Old Maid.”

“Cool,” Ellie replies with much enthusiasm. She takes another sip of her lemonade as she waits for Lisa to pass out the cards

“Oh, I forgot to mention that we will be playing a punishment game and the loser of each round will have to drink half a glass of water.” Lisa gestures at the cups, “The game will continue until one of us gives up, and the loser has to be the winner’s servant for the rest of the day.”

“Okay? But why are we drinking water, can’t we do something else instead?” Ellie tilts her head sensing a catch.

“I mean we can do coke instead but I doubt mom will be happy if she finds out.” Lisa avoided the question. She grins widely as she looks at the rigged cards, “I’ll let you go first.”

Ellie nods and picks out the first card. They take turns picking cards from each other’s hand, yet Ellie is always stuck with the Joker. “Ugh.” She tosses the remaining card into the pile and reaches for the glass of water.

Lisa smirk as she watched Ellie drink, and begin to deal for another round. “Ready for round 2, Ellie?”

Ellie nods and continues to drink from the cup. The result of the next couple rounds is the same as the first, and before she realizes it she is already finishing all of the water. “Why can I ever win against you.” She tosses up her hands.

Lisa’s smirks as she watches Ellie squirm slightly on the couch, “Because I am smarter you; also, go get more water while I deal for the next round.”

“I hope you weren’t cheating…” Ellie heads into the kitchen to fill up her two empty glasses. She stares at the running water and shivers, reminded of her needs for the restroom. “Not now…”

Ellie walks back into the living room and sets her two full glasses on the table. Instead of sitting down, she starts to walk out again, “Lis can we continue after I use the bathroom? I really need to go.”

“Nope, you cannot,” Lisa jumps up and grabs Ellie’s hand preventing her from leaving. “Did you forget the rule that we keep playing until one of us loses?”

“What? I can’t use the restroom?” Ellie gasps. She doesn't want to give Lisa the win so easily, but she’s already having trouble standing still.

“Of course not, what is the point of this drinking game if you go to the bathroom now?” Lisa tightens her grip. “We can either keep playing or you can become my servant for the rest of the day.”

Ellie squeezes her legs together, “So if I continue playing, then I can’t go?”

Lisa nods, “Nope, no break until one of us loses.”

Ellie stops and contemplates her options, yet her urge is getting the better of her. She starts to shift her weight from feet to feet then she sighs, “I lost, you win this time Lis.”

“Yay, I got a servant,” Lisa shouts, pumping her fist. “Your first order is to finish the lemonade that you were drinking before the game.”

“Okay?” Ellie chugs what is remaining, glad there isn’t much left. “That’s, uh… That’s it?”

Liza sits down on the couch and pats the spot next to her, “Come watch TV with me. Also, finish those two glasses of water before this episode ends.”

“What? Lis, no! Please … Come on. Can I please go now?” Ellie whines.

“Nope, you agreed to obey me, so sit down and start drinking.” Lisa orders in a flat tone.

“But you said I couldn’t use the bathroom if I kept playing. So I stopped playing… and I still can’t go?” Ellie continues to argue as she takes a seat next to Lisa.

“I am going to tell mom you ate the cake from the other day,” Lisa threatens Ellie who’s wiggling on the couch.

“That's so unfair, Lis!.” Ellie sulk, knowing full well that their mom would side with Lisa. “Then how long do I have to wait for?”

Lisa just shrugs, “I don’t know, maybe until I am bored, or until you wet yourself?”

Ellie’s eyes widen and her jaw drops, “What? Lis! Please, no! You can’t do that!”

“Oh? Are you challenging me? You know I will if I want to.” Lisa faces Ellie and smiles.

Ellie squirms some more, feeling the pressure of her bladder. “Please Lis, I’ll drink the water… So can I go after? It’ll be really quick then I’ll be your servant all day, okay?”

“If you want to bargain, I mean I can make the punishment a lot worse if you want.” Lisa shakes her head.

Nervous about what Lisa’s going to make her do, Ellie starts slipping away at the water. ”Hey Lis”, she squeaks. “I’m obeying, so please don’t make me… you know, okay? Mom will get really mad at me if I do it again.”

“Hmm? What’s that?” Lisa smirk remembering the last time they went out shopping.

That morning she stayed in the bathroom until the last moment; apart from irritating their Mom, it was worth it. Because of her stalling, their Mom forced Ellie into the car not giving her a chance to use the restroom that morning. In the car, their Mom yelled at Lisa for taking too long, and they better get to the mall before the afternoon rush.

Ellie, who was waiting for the bathroom all morning, was hoping they would visit a restroom soon. Yet her prayers were left unheard because Lisa ended up complaining about being thirsty. This earned them both a mean stare from their Mom before she sighs submitting to how spoiled her daughter is.

Their mom brought them a large cup of juice and a bottle of water, then strictly warned them, “I don’t want to hear a single word from either of you until we get home, understand? I got a lot of things that I look at and cause you Lisa we are already late.” Although they both nodded obediently, Ellie started to squirm where she stood. Then they followed their Mom in a clothes store and sat on one of the benches.

As they were waiting for their mom, they slowly sip away at their juice. Ellie quickly finished and got up to find a restroom when “Ellie finishes your water or mom’s going to be mad again.” Lisa said.

“But…” Ellie looked at her unopened bottle. “But I really need the restroom.”

“Really? Then you better start praying that you can hold it until we get home because you know how mad Mom will get if we interrupt her, right?” Lisa then took a sip from her water. “Also, Mom won’t be happy if you don’t finish it before we leave.”

Ellie hesitantly sat back down and began drinking from her bottle. Although she’s on the verge of wetting herself, their Mom wasn’t going to find her a restroom anyways. If nothing else she would only end up annoying her more. “What am I going to do?” Ellie mutters under her breath.

As the afternoon progressed, they patiently waited for their mom to finish shopping. Normally Lisa would have gotten bored, but this time she’s enjoying the show Ellie’s putting on. She began to wonder if Ellie will actually wet herself in public or just barely make it home?

Ellie had already given up on being discreet and has been opening clutching the crotch of her jeans. She was glad that Lisa was not teasing right now, she’s only one distraction from disaster. Lucky for them their Mom just wrapped up and walked over, “So you girl ready to go home?”

It took all of Ellie’s will power to stop holding, but she continued to bounce up and down. She was about to ask for a break when Lisa gave her opinion first. “Mom, I think we should get home soon, otherwise we are going to get stuck in traffic.”

“I think you might be right Lisa… Okay, girls let’s go.” Ellie was shocked that she was denied the toilet yet again. Ellie managed to slowly trail behind her Mom and sister, except her right hand is resting permanently between her thighs.

It was a quiet ride home, with Ellie looking out the window and praying to every God that she makes it home. Lisa, on the other hand, continues to observe Ellie who can’t no longer sit still anymore. She leaned over and whispered in Ellie’s ear, “I hope you are still holding on, Mom won’t let it slide if you wet in the car.”

Ellie gasped and tightened her grip; she was moments away from having a full-blown accident. Lisa giggled at Ellie’s exaggerated reaction, and continued to savor every second. When they were only a block from their house, Ellie gasped again. “Mom! Hurry up Ellie is going to wet herself in the car.” Lisa yelled.

“What?! You better hold it until you reach the restroom young lady!” Their Mom yelled back as they pulled into the driveway. “Get out, get out now!”

Lisa hopped out of the car as soon as it came to a stop. She ran over to Ellie’s side and opened the car to find a really desperate Ellie who was hunched over with her hands buried in her between her thighs. “Ellie, we’re home! Come on, don’t pee in the car!” Lisa dragged Ellie out of the car and onto the driveway.

Lisa proceeded to drag Ellie towards the door, only to stop halfway when she heard a loud hissing coming from behind her. She turned around to face Ellie who’s tears flowed down her beet-red face, and pee gushing into her cupped hands. Because she was still holding herself there was no big waterfall; instead everything flowed down, drenched her jeans and ended up in her shoes. Which filled up quickly and began to overflow to create a puddle where she’s standing. “Awww. Did my little sister just wet herself?” Lisa said loudly for their mom to hear.

Without saying their Mom was furious and ordered Ellie to take off her pants right there. “But… But Mom…” Ellie tried to argue, but went quiet after seeing her Mom’s furious face. She obediently slid out of her shoes and peeled off her soaked jeans. Lisa stifled a chuckle as she watched her sister stand there in sodden blue ankle socks and pink panties which had gone dark from the waistband in front to halfway up the back.

“If you need to need to go then you should have said something.” Their Mom lectured Ellie as she pulled over a hose. “Lift up your shirt.”

Although Ellie was dreaded what’s next, she complied. Without another word their Mom turned on the hose and started spraying Ellie. Afterward, Ellie was forced to stand there in her drenched panties which have turned magenta. As an extra punishment: she was not allowed into the house until she had reflected and the carpeted hallway was covered.

