Bethany of the Isle: See No Pee-vil, Part 2

Author: AliasnameTO

*000*2018-10-06 21:17

This is the second entry in my series about Bethany Tucker and the Isle of Cress. It should be mostly enjoyable on its own, but I'd love for readers to check out part one as well.

%https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/46423-see-no-pee-vil/

Less than a half an hour into living on Cress, and Bethany was ready to go back. This country and its bathroom-averse culture were proving to be an exercise in torment. What would happen if she peed herself? How could they expect her not to, or anyone? Would it be like this everywhere? Or worse? All these thoughts harassed her. Meanwhile, the pain in her abdomen sizzled. Her quivering muscles threatened to give out entirely. Pee ran in her underwear at about the same rate as the tears returned to her eyes each time she wiped them away.

“Look at it this way,” her mom encouraged, “At least we don’t have to go through security or customs again. Just over to baggage claim and straight to the house after that. You’ll get to go in about twenty minutes if everything goes well, maybe less.”

Bethany almost let it all go right then. “I guess that’ll be okay,” she relented, lying through her teeth. The next five minutes were going to be a gauntlet, let alone the next twenty. “It just sucks I’m not allowed to tell anyone, or even act like it!”

Her mom stopped walking and met her eyes. “Don’t you worry about keeping it private if it’s really bad. If you have to dance around to hold it, that’s okay. Or worse comes to worst and you can’t, don’t worry about that either. We’ll work it out.”

“Easy for you to say,” Bethany snapped, but took the chance to cross her legs and plant both hands between them.

The pair made it to baggage claim. Bethany stood before the empty carousel, shifting, groaning, and holding her crotch with abandon. A voice nearby murmured, “That girl is about to have an accident,” which caused her face to burn. A stranger thinks I’ll pee myself? She had not made it to fourteen without a close call or two, this one included. However, even with sodden panties and enough pee through to the surface of her jeans to moisten her fingers, the fear of a bladder-emptying “accident” was still pure melodrama. It had never happened. She could not release it in her pants all at once if she tried. The scene she was putting on now drew nearly every eye around, but the other passengers there be damned; the squirming kept the painful force to a minimum.

“Umm, excuse me,” the older lady to Bethany’s left squeaked, “I couldn’t help but notice your situation, and wanted to remind you we passed an accommodation on the way here. It’s not too far away.”

Bethany’s blush deepened. “I tried there just a few minutes ago,” she said, risking taking a hand away to tuck a sweaty lock of hair behind her ear, “But there was nowhere to actually, you know, go.”

“There is, though!” she insisted, leaning in to avoid vocally airing her predicament with everyone, “If you kept going past the showers, they have more services that way.”

The lady’s meaning was clear enough. “We’re American,” Bethany mustered, unable to emote how she wanted while in such a state, “You’re allowed to say ‘toilets.’”

There came an ear-splitting peal from a buzzer nearby, accompanied by a rotating light and rumble from the carousel. Their bags would appear soon. The surprise caused another painful stab in Bethany’s bladder, and pushed her to make a decision faster.

Bethany’s mother made the call. “I’ll get the bags. You go.”

There was no more avoiding the guy at the desk back there; she needed to go too badly to turn down the only toilet around. With her bladder rolling in her abdomen, she thanked the lady and lurched in its direction.

“I’m just going to find the toilet, not look at anyone, and go,” she told herself, trying not to wince from the constant push. A whimper escaped her when the door came into view again.

Dammit. The guy at the desk was still there. “Hey, you’re back… alright then,” he said as Bethany walked by. She sported a war-face while ignoring him.

She strode into the showers again. Just now the running water hit her awareness, making her lose a long dribble. There were more people here this time-- men, women, teenagers, younger kids, all behaving like they were not in public. She complained to herself, “Who showers in an airport? Or freaks out about pee but gets naked in front of a million people?”

It mattered little. She kept walking. What she thought was a storage area was actually a hallway, almost secret for how well it was camouflaged. A door stood at its end, flanked by a pedestal. Mounted on it was a tablet with the glowing words:

WELCOME GUEST

In the interest of preserving the cleanliness of our sanitary facilities, please tap here to sign in. Note: Fraudulent completion of this form is punishable under RIC Code, Article II, Section VII.IX.

“Oh my goddd,” she whined, “I just want to frigging pee!” She stood before the tablet, permanently bent forward. After mustering the strength to remove her hand from between her crossed legs, the act of beginning the sign-in left a blot of urine from her wet finger on the screen. Frustration began to turn to resignation. “I guess I am having an accident,” she confessed. Before leaking any more though, her fighting spirit returned. “No. The toilet’s right there! I’ve lasted this long, so no bullshit lock to stop me for one more minute will be the killer.” She wiped the pee on her hoodie and typed her full name as quickly as her squirming and trembling would allow. Upon confirmation, the electronic lock flashed green. She ripped open the door.

Bethany cried out upon seeing the toilet-- partially from its promised relief, and partially because her panties, which were already far too wet, absorbed another leak. This one did not stop. Instead, it grew to a hot and powerful gusher. Pee filled the crotch of her jeans and began to run down both legs.

She yelped at the sudden calamity. This was not happening! With pee-drops flung from her fingers, she clawed at her button, undoing it and the zipper in seconds. Seconds she never had in the first place. Upon pushing her pants down to sit on the toilet, her stream went directly into them at first, making more flecks of urine spatter everywhere. The swath of piss then went across the floor and over the toilet seat until, finally, the bowl.

The sigh she let out over the thundering echo of her peeing approached a roar. What was presumably the only toilet for a hundred miles around was now hers. She had made it. Technically. As her bladder continued to empty, she surveyed the damage. Every spot on her jeans that had gotten pee on it-- that is to say, almost the whole surface-- had turned unmistakably dark. The wettest patches were still shiny. Her peach-colored panties were wet enough to hold a yellowish, glimmering pool in the middle. Her feet slipped on the wet and yellow-stained foam of her flip-flops. The sharp odor of it all stung her nostrils.

“Welcome to Cress, Beth,” she said to herself, her voice small. Her stream finally dwindled to drops, marking the first time her bladder was comfortably empty all day. She instinctively wiped as if it would make a difference. Standing and pulling up her pants again reinforced how bad a job she had done holding it. Without her body heat and regular dribbles of fresh pee warming her clothes while she was on the toilet, they had become deathly cold and pungent. Trying to dry herself would be hopeless. She simply grimaced and fastened her button again. The walk of shame to come promised to be exquisitely painful.

Before leaving the bathroom, though, a new, unexpected realization embarrassed her further. Prior to her going in and leaving a hurricane of piss, the place had been white-glove clean. The pale blue tile on the floor was crisscrossed by perfectly white grout. The counter was a flawless plane of polished stone, adorned with a spotless chrome faucet above the sink. When turning back to the toilet, however, a sprawling yellow puddle lay before and over it as a garish monument to her failure.

She glanced at the paper towel dispenser in planning to soak some of it up, but reconsidered. “Sorry,” she pleaded to no one while biting her lip. Time for a hasty exit.

The crash of water in the showers hid the squelch of Bethany’s shoes and the swish of wet denim. If anyone there noticed her, she did not notice them back. Getting away from this place and out of her wrecked clothes was priority one.

The guy at the ACM desk all but literally stood in the way of that priority. It was not he who interrupted her, though. Bethany had made the mistake of glancing at him and making eye contact. Now, not to make it awkward.

“I made it,” she said, turning his sheepish look into a chuckle. When looking down at her sopping mess, her announcement made less sense. “Sorry,” she said again, blush heating her face. She sped out the door while dripping pee in her wake.

“Oh no, Beth!” her mother said upon her return, “What happened?”

“I kind of made it,” Bethany bargained. The sting of her embarrassment was already beginning to fade. Her mom would understand. “Couldn’t get my pants down soon enough though.”

Her mother hugged her. “Oh, I know the feeling all too well. I had a baby a while back.”

Bethany hugged back. She needed the reassurance, and at least the chance to hide her wetness from half the people in the airport.

From her mom’s arms, she spotted her suitcase on the carousel. “Ooh, there’s mine,” she said. But she was still a mess. “Can you get it for me?” she asked, “I’ll just be hiding in the corner here.”

Her mother obliged. She handed Bethany the suitcase, offering “Do you want to go back and change? Now’s your chance.”

Bethany almost scoffed. What, and face the desk guy for like the millionth time today? “No thanks. It would just get the new clothes wet too."

Her mother smiled. “Well, the option was there at least. I would suggest trying to dry yourself enough that you don’t get the seat of our ride wet though.”

That would be a battle for the future. For now, getting to the parking garage was enough to occupy her mind.

