Kelly and the Environmental Club (A Beverly Hills 90210 Fanfic)

Author: Arnold

*000*2021-03-13 01:03

Kelly didn’t want to look. She knew she hadn’t done well on the Chemistry exam. Still, she held out hope that it wasn’t too bad. But when Dr. Honeydew shook his head disappointingly as he handed the graded test paper back to her, she knew that couldn’t be good. The pretty, blonde-haired senior had started the year doing quite well in Chemistry class. But her grades, as of late, had been slipping. And that fact, naturally, was of particularly interest to Kelly’s parents.

Kelly was almost afraid to turn over the paper on her desk and look, but she knew she had to. She knew she needed at least a “C” on the test to maintain her “B” -- well, “B-” -- average in the course. But as Kelly finally does turn it over and takes a look, she is disappointed to a see she’d only gotten a “D+” on the exam. “Well, at least it was a D PLUS,” she thinks to herself -- trying to look on the bright side. But a “D” -- even a “D+” just wasn’t going to cut it with her parents and Kelly knew it. They had been on her back for quite some time now about how her social life was interfering with her schoolwork and they had warned her that “changes would be made” if her grades continued to slip. And this test, clearly, wasn’t going to help.

Desperate, Kelly goes to see Dr. Honeydew after class. “I’m quite disappointed in you, Kelly,” he tells the blonde-haired senior beauty, “You started off the year doing quite well in my class, but obviously you’ve been slacking off as of late.”

“You’re a bright girl, Kelly, and you’re capable of doing much better,” he tells her, “But ever since you started dating Brandon, your schoolwork seems to have taken a back seat to that.” She had been dating Brandon -- the twin brother of her best friend Brenda and a guy she had been friends with before -- for quite a while now. “Now you sound like my parents,” Kelly tells Dr. Honeydew. “Well, you two do seem to be the hot couple around school,” Dr. Honeydew then explains to Kelly, “Only Brandon’s grades don’t seem to be suffering because of it.

As the discussion continues, Kelly finally gets to the crux of the matter. She asks her Chemistry teacher if there is something she can do to earn some extra credit. “If I don’t get at least a ‘B’ this semester, my parents are going to make me break up with Brandon,” Kelly tells him. At first, Dr. Honeydew is reluctant to help her. “I’m not so sure that’s a bad idea,” he tells her. But Kelly begs him. “Please Dr. Honeydew -- there has to be something I can do,” Kelly pleads, “I’ll do anything. Dr. Honeydew then gives it some thought. “Well, I suppose there is one thing I can let you do,” he then explains, “And if you do it, I can raise your grade as high as a ‘B-’ for the semester.” At first, she isn’t sure if a “B-” qualifies as a “B” in her parents’ eyes. But when Dr. Honeydew tells her that that’s the best he can do, she decides that she’ll have to give it a try.

He then explains that the school’s Environmental Club is working on a big project this coming Saturday morning. “They have a big workday planned for Saturday morning,” he tells Kelly, “They’re helping to rehabilitate Peach Pit Park.” Peach Pit Park is a local park that was once quite popular but has fallen into disrepair over the last decade or so. Kelly is well aware of the park’s negative reputation. “Ewww! -- you mean ARM-pit park?” she says derisively. “It’s called PEACH Pit Park,” her teacher corrects her, “It’s named for the grove of Peach trees that once thrived there.”

“The Environmental Club is going to plant new trees there to return it back to what it was,” he explains further, “And they’re going to rake leaves and pick up twigs and garbage over the rest of the park, too.” Quite frankly, it’s not how Kelly is used to spending her Saturday mornings. “PEACH PIT Park!” Dr. Honeydew reiterates, “It used to be a pretty popular place -- they used to sell the peaches from the trees to help fund maintenance of the park.”

“I know -- I used to go there all the time with my parents,” Kelly tells him -- not speaking with a particular fondness for the place, “I remember wetting my pants there once.” Dr. Honeydew then looks at Kelly with raised eyebrows -- quite surprised. “Well, I was four at the time,” Kelly, smiling, then clarifies, “I didn’t want to use the smelly port-o-potties they had there.”

“Well, I’m going to assume you’ve outgrown wetting your pants,” he tells Kelly -- similarly smiling, “And from what I understand, they just built regular bathrooms there last year.”

“So I don’t think you have to worry about that on Saturday,” he tells her with a laugh. Again, it’s not exactly how Kelly had intended to spend her Saturday morning, but she takes it in stride -- anything to prop up her grade in Chemistry so she could continue seeing Brandon.

Come Saturday morning Kelly drags herself out of bed. The first order of business is, of course, peeing. Kelly doesn’t think she has a particularly large bladder -- at least not in the daytime (she typically has to go somewhat frequently during the day) -- but somehow she rarely wakes up in the middle of the night having to pee. Instead, she always wakes up with a nearly bursting bladder in the morning. She proceeds immediately to her bathroom adjoining her bedroom and, hiking up her nightgown, unceremoniously plops her butt down on the toilet seat.

A powerful stream of pee then ensues -- splashing nosily into the toilet bowl. Kelly’s morning pee is perhaps best described -- as her friend Brenda put it doing a sleepover several years earlier -- as a “loud, powerful, and hissing” kind of pee. As the pretty blonde’s pee begins to slow in intensity, Kelly pushes hard to make sure her bladder empties completely. This causes her pee stream to momentarily regain it’s intensity before finally slowing down to a trickle and then lastly to a few remaining drops. Kelly sits for a while and just relaxes on the toilet. She really wants to go back to bed, but she knows she’s gotta get ready for her Saturday morning working in the park.

Normally, Kelly also has her bowel movements in the morning. She likes that because she rarely then has to deal with doing it at school. But as she sits and waits this morning, it soon becomes apparent that no bowel movement is forthcoming. She’d really hoped she’d be able to take care of that this morning as well. Even if they did now have regular bathrooms at the park as Dr. Honeydew had said, she’d certainly rather do that here at home than in the bathroom at the park. But Kelly -- remembering that she last went yesterday afternoon when she got home from school -- quickly realizes that she simply doesn’t have to go again now. She then carefully wipes herself from her morning pee and proceeds to get dressed for her Saturday workday at the park. About the only good thing about all this is that there’s no need to shower now or make herself up beforehand. She then scarfs down a banana and 2 uncooked pop tarts as well as a cup of coffee before heading off to school.

When Kelly arrives at West Beverly High -- they all need to meet at school first to load the truck with tree seedlings and other supplies they’ll be needing -- she’s pleasantly surprised to see Andrea there. Andrea is not really a close friend of Kelly but more like an acquaintance. But it’s still nice to see a familiar face. These people in the Environmental Club are the academic type of kids while Kelly typically hangs around with a more popular crowd. Andrea -- while certainly an academic sort -- is sort of on the fringe of the popular crowd that Kelly typically hangs around with.

Andrea is surprised to see Kelly there amongst the “Science Nerds” as Kelly would call them. “What are you doing here?” she asks Kelly. Kelly, of course, explains the situation with her needing extra credit. “Well, I’m happy to see you,” Andrea then says, “We can always use the help.” Quite frankly, it really should have been no surprise to Kelly to see Andrea there. The whole project is really “an Andrea sort of thing” as Kelly would call it. Andrea suggests that the two of them pair up and work together. Kelly agrees as they board the bus to head over the Peach Pit Park.

Arriving at the park, Kelly and Andrea and most of the girls grab rakes and head over to the other side of the park. They quickly get to work raking the leaves and picking up all the twigs. The boys get busy replanting the new peach trees. Kelly is pleasantly surprised that she doesn’t really mind this at all. She had expected to be picking up garbage but its really just mostly raking leaves and that isn’t so bad. They work on clearing the leaves and picking up the twigs so that new grass can be planted and walking trails can be established in the park. The leaves will later be shredded and the twigs ground up to provide valuable much for the newly planted trees. Kelly finds herself working quite happily and efficiently with Andrea as they clear their section of leaves and other debris.

As the morning goes on, Andrea suddenly asks Kelly if she wants to “take a walk” with her. Kelly looks at her puzzled until Andrea explains that she needs a bathroom break. “Too much coffee this morning,” she tells Kelly. Kelly notes that she does have to pee a bit herself -- not really such that she was contemplating a break just yet -- but as long as Andrea has to go, Kelly figures she might as well go herself now, as well. But Kelly is quite surprised when Andrea doesn’t head to the newly built bathrooms just inside the park entrance but down a hill and behind a clump of bushes instead.

Finding a somewhat secluded spot, Andrea proceeds to pull a roll of toilet paper out of her backpack and asks Kelly to stand guard for her. Kelly again looks at Andrea puzzled. Andrea, in turn, laughs when Kelly asks about the park’s bathroom facilities. “They don’t open those until the park is open to the public later in the spring,” she tells Kelly, “In the meantime we just have to make do as best we can.”

“In the meantime, it’s just ….. well, it’s just this,” Andrea explains as she goes about unbuckling her pants and popping a squat.

“Ughh! -- Gross!” Kelly exclaims as Andrea starts to pee right there on the grass. “Please tell me that all you’re going to do here is #1,” she tells Andrea. Andrea laughs and assures her that #1 is all she needs to do. “At least for now,” Andrea tells her, laughing some more, “But if you gotta go, you gotta go -- even if it isn’t just #1.”

“I mean, if you do have to go that way, too, what else are you going to do?” she asks Kelly. But Kelly insists that she “just wouldn’t.”

“#1 is bad enough,” she tells Andrea, shaking her head, “Going #2 outside is just repulsive.”

“I wouldn’t -- I just wouldn’t,” she reiterates. But Andrea just shakes her head herself as her pee stream starts to dissipate. “When you gotta go, you gotta go,” she says again, “Unless you want to go in your pants, what else are you going to do?”

“Especially for that,” Andrea then points out, “I think it would be even worse going #2 in your pants than going #1.” Kelly turns her back as Andrea then takes some toilet paper and wipes herself dry. Pulling up and rebuking her pants, she then offers to stand guard while Kelly takes her turn. Kelly, though, declines. “I thought you said you had to go?” Andrea asks her. “Well, I don’t have to go THAT BAD,” Kelly tells her, “I don’t have to go bad enough to do just squat out in the open like that.”

The two girls then go back to work. But Kelly is suddenly quite apprehensive now knowing that the bathroom facilities she thought available actually aren’t. She notices other girls on occasion detouring into the bushes carrying various things for use as toilet paper. She can’t see what the boys are doing -- they’re working on the other side of the park -- but it’s different for boys, anyway. Even Miss Cook, the club’s quite young and pretty faculty advisor takes her turn going off to a secluded spot with toilet paper in hand. The whole thing only makes Kelly more aware of the fact that she does need to pee. It is by no means, an “emergency” just yet -- in fact, it isn’t even what you would call “urgent” -- but the workday was still young. And now suddenly -- perhaps by virtue of the power of suggestion -- Kelly becomes acutely aware of a rumbling deep within. her bowels.

But -- as the morning wears on -- Kelly’s bathroom needs, of course, only get worse. It isn’t long before her need to pee does get urgent and by now she is fighting a need to go the other way as well. Andrea notices that Kelly seems uncomfortable as the girls continue to rake leaves. She suggests that Kelly go use the bushes, but Kelly refuses. “It’s really not so bad,” Andrea tells Kelly, “You just pop a squat and just do what you need to do.” But Kelly insists that she can wait and just continues to hold it in. And having to hold in a bowel movement as well only makes it more uncomfortable.

Eventually, though, Kelly’s need to pee goes from “urgent” to a downright emergency. By now, Kelly has to periodically stop working for moments at a time to fight sudden urges from her bladder and maintain control of herself. Andrea urges her again to go take care of business in the bushes. She tells Kelly it’s silly to make herself uncomfortable like that when it’s so easy to just go back there, squat and get relief. “It really isn’t so bad, Kelly,” Andrea reiterates, “It’s pretty private there behind the bushes -- Nobody is going to see you.” She questions exactly how long Kelly can just continue to hold it in. But Kelly insists that she can make it -- hanging her hopes on the fact that they are about done for the day. Then it’ll only be a short bus ride back to West Beverly where regular toilets were, or course, available. Andrea just shakes her head.

In due course, all the trees get planted and all the leaves and twigs are duly gathered into piles to be mulched later. And Kelly somehow -- though in very obvious desperation -- is still in control of herself. But just as Kelly places her rake back on the pick-up truck, she’s hit with an intense cramp in her stomach and an subsequent strong surge from her bowels. Suddenly, Kelly is forced to shift her focus from controlling her bladder to controlling her bowels. And that, in turn, all but springs the floodwaters that she’d been holding back in her bursting bladder. To her utter horror, the pretty high school senior is suddenly wetting her pants.

She tries to shift more effort to controlling her bladder, but she doesn’t dare lessen her grip on her bowels. She does manage to stop it from actually flooding out of her, but she doesn’t have the strength to stop the flow entirely. Instead -- rather than simply flooding her crotch as it did before -- she feels trails of pee running down both her legs. She feels the warm flow going down her right leg first in a slow but steady stream. And in short course -- as the pee continues to flow -- she feels it trickling down her left leg as well. Still forced to maintain a tight grip on her bowels -- quickly coming to the realization that a mess in her panties would be an even worse disaster than wetting them -- she simply cannot regain control of her overflowing bladder.

As Kelly stands there helplessly wetting her pants -- her jeans obviously becoming wetter and wetter as it happens -- the spectacle obviously draws the attention of her workmates. Mostly, they stand there astonished, mouths hanging open, as they watch the wetness spreading on the beautiful and popular 18 year old’s jeans. As Kelly looks down at her soaking wet crotch, she can see the wetness all but glistening in the midday sun. Pretty soon, as the wetness spreads down her thighs, she can also feel the wetness starting to make it’s way further and further up the seat of those jeans.

Still, even as more and more pee slowly spills shamefully into her pants, she simply can’t get back in control of herself. It’s only when the pressure in her bowels does ease up a bit that Kelly can refocus her efforts and get complete control of her bladder again. Of course, by now it’s so far beyond too late that it’s hardly worth the effort. By now, her jeans are an utter disaster of wetness -- absolutely drenched in the crotch and quite wet down both thighs as well. And Kelly isn’t entirely sure that she hasn’t messed in her panties -- at least a little -- as well. A few of the others -- boys mostly -- are pointing and laughing at her.

Miss Cook, the club’s faculty advisor, admonishes those teasing her to stop. Still, she’s as shocked as anyone at Kelly having peed her pants. I mean, when you teach Kindergarten and First Grade, you expect to occasionally see that kind of thing, but certainly not when you teach high school. The sympathetic teacher asks Kelly what happened. But Kelly, in turn, will only say that she didn’t want to squat in the bushes. She says further that she doesn’t want to talk about it and only wants to get back to West Beverly. Miss Cook obliges and directs everyone to get on the bus for the ride back. As Kelly sits down on the bus seat in her wet jeans, she feels like she’s sitting in a puddle. It’s really hard to describe just how much pee the denim is able to absorb. And with her panties clinging so tightly to her butt, she’s genuinely worried that it’s poop in them causing that.

Andrea is a good friend -- still sitting next to her on the bus and trying to comfort her. Still, Kelly is mortified by the embarrassment of it all. “Everyone is going to know about this,” Kelly tells her in tears, “I’m going to be the laughingstock of the whole school.” Andrea tries to tell her it won’t be so bad, but it does little to convince Kelly.

Back at West Beverly, Miss Cook unlocks one of the doors so Kelly can go in and use the bathroom there. She finds the girls’ locker room locked but the girls’ room in the hallway open. Taking a stall, Kelly takes down her wet pants and sits on the toilet. Immediately she starts peeing in the toilet. She’s surprised at how much she still needs to pee and even after wetting herself like she did, it feels good to be getting relief by letting it out in the toilet like she’s supposed to do.

Kelly tries to relax a moment -- well, as much as she can in such a humiliating situation -- and then does her bowel movement in the toilet as well. It’s not a well-formed “log” of fecal matter like Kelly typically has but it’s more or less a mostly solid movement. Taking a look at the inside of her panties, Kelly is pleased to see that those panties, while obviously soaking wet, haven’t been messed in at all. She tries to look on the bright side that at least she didn’t mess in panties along with wetting them, but that’s really of small comfort. Kelly then takes four wipes with the school toilet paper to clean her backside.

Pausing for a moment -- thinking what to do next -- Kelly contemplates trying to dry herself and her panties right there in the girls’ room. But ultimately she decides that it’s hopeless doing that in there. The sooner she gets home, takes a shower and changes into dry clothes, the better. She grimaces as she pulls her wet panties and pants back up as they’re both starting to feel cold and clammy against her skin. Washing her hands at the sink, she tries to summon up the courage to go back outside and face everyone.

She is soon greeted by Andrea again. Andrea hugs her and Kelly cries in her arms. She laments about her status as one of the cool and popular kids at school and how she ruined her reputation with this. “I’m going to be the laughingstock of the whole school,” she reiterates. Andrea tries to comfort her -- assuring her that her true friends will stick by her regardless of what she did.

“And what about Brandon?” Kelly then laments, “What’s he going to think?”

“I mean, what kind of girl in high school still wets her pants,” Kelly continues, “He’s going to break up with me for sure -- He’s not going to want to be my boyfriend after this.” To that, Andrea just smiles.

