The Unforgettable Trip

Author: Adamn

*000*2025-03-16 09:46

Hello, everyone! I want to make a one shot fiction story based on my experience that I posted a few days ago on this website. I will change some parts so that it does not fully refer to the original story. This story will begin with an exciting journey and end up with a dramatic defeat. Hope you all enjoy it!

The Unforgettable Trip

The mountain air bit at Adrian’s fingertips as he fumbled with his jacket zipper under the boarding house’s dim porch light, his breath puffing out in thick, frosty clouds. It was 1 AM on a frigid holiday morning in the highlands of Cascadia, the kind of cold that seeped into your marrow and made every movement a small rebellion. The group—his girlfriend Lena, their friends Kai and Tessa (the other couple), Nadya with her crush Rey trailing her like a shadow, and a handful of others—gathered in a loose knot, their faces a mix of exhaustion and restless excitement. They were bound for the peak to catch the sunrise, a grueling trek ahead through icy trails and jagged rocks that promised to test their endurance.

The jeep waited, its engine growling impatiently as they piled in, bodies pressed tight against the worn seats. Kai, scarf-wrapped and brimming with his usual chaotic energy, rallied them with a muffled shout, while Lena slumped against Adrian, her yawn heavy with complaint about the cold and lack of coffee. Tessa’s bright eyes cut through the gloom, her voice a chirp as she promised hot tea at Post 2, urging Lena to tough it out. Up front, Rey adjusted his backpack, his grin flashing toward Nadya, who lounged beside him with a teasing smirk, her presence cool and unshaken. Adrian barely registered their flirtation, too busy wrestling his hood against the wind slicing through the open windows.

The ride jolted them over uneven paths, a rough two-hour haul that landed them at Post 1 by 2 AM—a bleak, windswept checkpoint marked by a flickering lantern. They spilled out, stretching stiff legs against the cold, their sleepy laughter a thin shield against the biting air, then clambered back in for the next stretch. By 4 AM, the jeep growled to a stop at Post 2, a shabby shack hunched against the mountainside. The brutal cold clawed through Adrian’s layers as they stumbled inside, drawn to the crackling stove like moths to a flame. Steaming noodles and scalding tea in dented tin mugs became their lifeline, the heat seeping into their hands as they crowded around.

Kai slurped his broth with exaggerated gusto, chin dripping, while Nadya perched on a bench beside Rey, her posture confident and easy. Adrian slipped away to the crude restroom—a grim hole in the ground—and relieved the pressure from the tea, the chill prickling his skin as he hurried back to the stove’s warmth. Nadya stayed put, chatting with Rey, her calm unbroken, and he didn’t spare her a thought, too focused on thawing his numb fingers.

The final push to the peak was a brutal 45-minute to one-hour hike, the trail misty and treacherous with ice-slicked rocks. Lena trudged beside him, her breath sharp and grumbling, her complaints about numb toes fading into the wind. Adrian squeezed her hand, promising the view would be worth it, his own focus locked on keeping his footing. Ahead, Rey jogged forward, tossing a challenge to Nadya, who kept pace behind him with a laugh, their energy a distant hum against the group’s weary shuffle.

Dawn broke as they crested the peak, the sun’s first rays painting the sky in gold and igniting a roar of triumph from the group. Selfies snapped in a frenzy—Kai hoisted Tessa onto his shoulders, her laughter ringing out, while Nadya hung back, snapping a quick shot with Rey goofing beside her. Adrian barely noticed, caught up in the light and Lena’s chatter about the vista’s perfection, his phone out to capture the group in their ragged glory.

The descent toward Post 2 turned chaotic, a swarm of sunrise-chasers clogging the trail. The shack loomed ahead, but the tiny lot was a mess of bodies and vehicles, the jeep unable to park. The driver muttered about the crowd and kept rolling, leaving no chance for a stop. Lena groaned from the back, her need for a bathroom sharp, and Tessa echoed her, slumping in defeat. Nadya shrugged beside Rey, her calm intact, and Adrian’s bladder twinged, but he clenched his jaw as they pressed on.

By 8 AM, they reached the second stop, a scenic overlook with sweeping views. The path was packed, offering no privacy, and Adrian’s desperation mounted until he and Kai broke off to find a bush. Relief washed over him as he peed, the wind whistling through the shrubs, and Kai zipped up with a grin, praising nature’s convenience. Lena stayed with the group, snapping pics, while Nadya and Rey messed around with selfies near the edge, their laughter faint against the vastness.

The third stop, another lookout around 9 AM, brought Lena’s breaking point. She tugged Adrian aside during a photo break, her face tight with urgency, the cold amplifying her need. He led her to a cluster of bushes, standing guard as she squatted, the wind cutting around them. The chill hit him too, and he took his chance a few paces away, the relief sharp and immediate. As they trudged back, Lena shivered, admitting she’d held it since Post 2, her bladder screaming until now. She glanced at Nadya, told Adrian that her didn’t even pee at Post 2 before sunrise, but still relaxed by the edge with Rey, and marveled at her endurance—hours without a break, untouched by the cold.

Adrian’s curiosity flickered as he observed Nadya, her stance effortless, hands tucked in her pockets, no hint of strain. Tessa leaned in, echoing Lena’s awe, calling Nadya a machine, and his mind began to churn—over 10 hours in this freeze, and she was unshaken. The fourth stop loomed an hour later, around 10 AM, and Nadya asked the guide about a toilet, her tone casual. He shrugged—none until the last stop, still hours off—and Tessa teased her for missing her chance with Rey’s distractions. Nadya giggled, brushing it off, her calm a steady pulse against the group’s fatigue.

They reached the last stop by 11 AM, a dusty lot with a concrete restroom swarmed by hikers. Lena and Tessa bolted from the jeep, shoving through the chaos, their groans loud about the crowd. Nadya stepped out last, stretching leisurely as Rey trailed her, and glanced at the mobbed facility with a shrug—no way through that mess. Adrian watched, expecting desperation, but her cool vibe threw him off, the crowd too thick to breach.

The ride back to Post 1 split them—Adrian with Nadya, Rey with the others—and by noon, a car waited to ferry them to the boarding house. A parade detour stretched the journey, the driver frowning at closed roads and traffic jams. Four hours crawled by, the car inching through chaos, and at 3:50 PM, Adrian’s bladder pressed hard. He stirred, asking the driver when they’d arrive, his need sharp. Nadya laughed, her voice light—men were weak, she hadn’t peed yet—and he leaned forward, startled. She’s been stuck in this car, legs crossed, no chance to go—damn, that’s hot as hell, he thought, arousal flaring as he pictured her holding it, body taut beneath her ease.

She confirmed the last stop queue was long then rain slammed down out of nowhere, forcing her back from the queue, and he frowned, clocking his own five hours since 11 AM. She smirked, admitting she’d held longer—way longer—and he gasped when she hinted at skipping Post 2 before sunrise. Awe struck him, her strength a marvel, and she tilted her head, noting his reaction stood out—most worried, he just stared. He called her cool, meaning it, and asked her trick. She just doing it, she shrugged—dirty toilets had trained her—and their banter turned electric when he risked asking if it thrilled her, her grin sparking as she flipped it back on him. His heart raced as she leaned in at 4 PM, whispering she was kinda desperate now, her thighs crossing with a twist that jolted him.

They hit the boarding house at 4 PM, the car jolting to a stop. She stretched out slow, whispering about finally peeing, her voice a low, tempting hum, and sauntered off toward her room. Right before ducking inside, she turned, hitting him with a look—eyes warm and soft, lips curving in a flirty little smile that stuck like glue—then slipped away. Adrian stood there, buzzing hard, knowing she’d held it 16 hours, picturing her letting loose, that sexy glance burning into his brain.

He dragged himself to his own spot, boots scuffing the porch boards, and found Lena crashed out hard on the bed—sprawled diagonal, snoring soft, her hair a messy halo on the pillow. The day’s cold still clung to him like a needy ex, so he hit the shower, cranking it hot ‘til steam fogged up the cracked mirror, water pounding his shoulders and melting the chill off his bones. But sleep? Nah—his head was too jacked up, looping Nadya’s chill vibe, that thigh-cross in the car, the soft, flirty look she’d thrown him like a damn lure.

By 5 PM, he was antsy, wandering out to the living room where the boarding house sat all quiet and sneaky, shadows stretching long across the scuffed wood floor. He flicked on the coffee maker, its rumble a low growl cutting through the hush, and flopped onto the lumpy couch, sinking into the worn cushions. The TV flickered on, throwing a pale glow over the room, some dumb show buzzing in the background, but his brain was elsewhere—Nadya’s smooth moves, the way she’d owned that car ride, that little stare she’d left him with, all warm and dangerous. The coffee smell hit him hard, rich and dark, pulling him back as it bubbled up, and he poured a mug, steam curling up like a tease, just as she rolled in, fresh and looking way too good.

Her hair was wet, dripping a little, curling wild around her face like it was begging to be touched, and she rocked a loose sweater slipping off one shoulder—bare skin peeking out—paired with shorts that showed off those legs, lean and tempting in the dim light. She dropped next to him, sinking the couch deep, her knee brushing his just enough to spark something. He slid a mug her way across the scratched-up table, and she snagged it, cradling it slow, steam swirling up as she sipped, her eyes locking on his over the rim—dark, flirty, pulling him in. The air got thick, buzzing with that car-ride heat they’d stirred up, and he kicked back, coffee warming his hands, her 16-hour streak still screwing with his head—how the hell did she pull that off?

She leaned in close, her damp hair brushing his arm, breath tickling his ear as she whispered she still hadn’t peed. His mug wobbled, nearly slipping, a hot jolt slamming through him—17 hours and counting, and she’s smirking like it’s a damn game? Freakin’ unreal. Before he could catch his breath, she tugged his sleeve, dragging him toward the door with a hungry grin—snacks, she said, no lazy ordering in tonight. They stepped out, dusk hitting hard, the sky bruising purple and sexy over the highlands, cold air biting at their skin through thin clothes. He couldn’t peel his eyes off her, strutting ahead, all smooth and easy like 17 hours was just a warm-up, her vibe a slow burn that kept him hooked.

The path wound down toward a little shop, gravel crunching under their boots, the chill slicing through their gear like it wanted a taste. He watched her roll—legs moving like they were daring him to stare, no hint of cracking under whatever she was holding back. That car moment flashed hard—legs crossed tight, all tense and tempting under her chill shell—and heat crept up his neck, sneaky and sharp, his pulse kicking up a notch. He broke the quiet, voice low and curious, asking why she hadn’t gone yet, and she shrugged, breath puffing out in a little white cloud, saying it felt good—fun, even, like she was playing some dirty little game with herself. That threw him—fun?—and he pushed, digging for how long she could last, his tone daring her to spill. She spun ahead, flirty as hell, tossing him a look that said guess, her eyes glinting in the fading light.

He guessed, throwing out midnight—24 hours from 1 AM, a solid tease—and she laughed, stepping close, her smirk a total knockout. “Already there, I haven't pee since 7 PM yesterday” she teased, her voice wrapping around him like a slow, hot pull. His jaw dropped, brain scrambling—7 PM yesterday? That’s 24 hours right now, not just the 17 he’d figured. Holy hell, she’d been at it that long already?

They hit the shop, its fluorescent buzz humming overhead, shelves packed with junk—chips, candy, warm soda cans sweating in the corner. She grabbed a bag of chips, tossing it to him with a flick of her wrist, the plastic crinkling as he caught it, and they wandered the aisles, the game kicking up slow and spicy. She tilted her head, voice low and playful, asking why he wanted to tag along with her—maybe he was hoping to see her squirm, her tone a teasing dare that hung between them, all chill and dangerous—no one’s seen her crack, but he might, her voice a low, tempting hook that yanked him in. He bit, stepping closer, asking what it’d take to see her break, and she tilted her head, considering, then shrugged—when she’s desperate enough, make her wait, her eyes daring him to push it.

The idea was a rush, a dirty thrill sparking up his spine, and he threw out sunrise—6 AM—testing her limits from that 1 AM mark he’d pegged. She scoffed—too easy—betting breakfast if she won, her grin cocky and hot. He upped it, voice dropping low, “Noon,” he pushed, clocking it from her 7 PM reveal, and her smirk faltered for a split second, a flicker of doubt flashing across her face. She knew what he was doing—pushing her right to the very edge, 24 hours already heavy, 13 more a stretch designed to break her—and a wild little thrill kicked up in her chest, her pulse quickening as she saw his game. 

He wanted her teetering, and if she lost, she’d let him watch her pee, the stakes hitting her like a spark of excitement. She nodded, accepting it with a defiant tilt of her chin, her voice a husky tease—“Deal”—leaning into the challenge like she was daring herself to ride it out, knowing she gonna lose. They hauled back, chips rustling in the bag, the stakes simmering between them like a secret begging to blow.

Night swallowed the living room, the boarding house dead quiet with everyone else knocked out in their rooms—Lena, Rey, Tessa, Kai, all lost to sleep, leaving just him and Nadya in the hush. The TV flickered soft, casting blue light over the scuffed floor, the couch groaning under them as they sprawled out, chips open between them, the salty crunch filling the silence. She stretched long, sipping water from a scratched-up bottle, her fingers drumming a lazy beat on the armrest, her vibe still chill but with a sneaky edge he couldn’t ignore—her excitement simmering under that cool mask. 

The clock dragged toward midnight—29 hours since her last relief, way past his midnight guess—and she shifted, hand pressing light on her lap, legs brushing together slow. Her breath hitched, a tiny shudder rippling through, and she bit her lip hard, her usual calm cracking with little signs of despair—eyes darting, a twitch in her jaw. Adrian’s grin crept wider—he was starting to enjoy the show now, her poker face crumbling, every move a hot little performance, the TV’s glow catching the flush creeping up her neck as her chill slipped further, feeding his growing thrill.

The room stayed still, just the two of them, the wind rattling the windows like it was jealous of their little game. By 2 AM—31 hours—she was fidgeting, legs crossing tight then uncrossing quick, her shorts riding up as she squirmed, a soft huff slipping out. Her hands pressed into her thighs, nails digging in, and her chest heaved with short, sharp breaths, that sexy defiance tangling with a twitchy little dance in her hips—like her body was itching to give up, but she kept pushing. Adrian leaned back, a wave of satisfaction washing over him—she couldn’t keep it together anymore, and he’d gotten her there, her struggle a quiet win lighting up the night.

By 4 AM—33 hours—the cracks were wild, raw and hot. She sat hunched, legs mashed together, denim creasing deep as she rocked forward just a touch, then back, a sneaky rhythm she couldn’t kill. Her breaths came quick and jagged, puffing out in little gasps, fingers clawing the cushion like it was her last shot at control. A faint whimper slipped out, low and desperate, her eyes darting to him with a mix of glare and plea, that cool-girl shell splintering slow. Adrian felt a heat coil low in his gut, horny as hell—he hadn’t expected this, the Nadya he knew, all cheerful and strong, finally exposing her weakness like this. Even she, tough as nails, broke down when pushed to her limit, her despair a raw, sexy shock that had him hooked. She whispered it hurt, voice cracking soft, her eyes locking his with a desperate spark, that chill drowned under the weight.

Time crawled, the boarding house locked in silence, just the two of them in this flirty, tense standoff. By 6 AM—35 hours—she was a gorgeous wreck, legs twisted into a knot, one foot tapping fast against the floor, her thighs flexing hard under her shorts. Her face scrunched tight, sweat beading on her forehead, trickling down her temple in the pale dawn light seeping through the dusty windows. She hugged her stomach, rocking slight, a low groan rumbling out as her whole body trembled—shaky, wild, like she was dancing on the edge he’d aimed for. Adrian flicked his eyes to his watch—6 AM, still six hours to noon—and a smug thought rolled through him: the challenge was a long haul yet, plenty of time to watch her unravel. His mind wandered, fantasizing—would she really lose, let him see her pee, that private break laid bare? The idea sparked a rush, his pulse kicking as he leaned in, soaking in her fight.

By 8 AM—37 hours—she was at her absolute edge, a hot mess teetering on the brink of losing the bet, completely done. She curled forward, legs clamped so tight her knees whitened, hands shoving hard into her lap, nails biting her skin until they left red crescents. Her breaths were pants now, shallow and frantic, a high-pitched whine slipping out as she rocked harder, hips jerking like she couldn’t hold still another second. Tears welled up, spilling over as her lip quivered, and she turned to him, voice wrecked—“Adrian, I’ve lost, okay? I can’t do it”—admitting defeat in a shaky, broken surrender that sent a jolt through him. He smirked, leaning in with a teasing glint, “What, giving up already? Four more hours, champ—don’t you wanna win?” She groaned, head shaking, desperation clawing at her, and he kept it up, voice low and taunting, “Come on, tough girl, you’re so close.” 

Her resolve shattered, and she begged, “Please, I need to pee, let me go”—the words hitting him like heaven, a sweet, desperate melody that lit up his nerves. He tilted his head, smirk widening, voice dropping husky—“How bad do you need it?” She whimpered, half-sobbing—“I need it bad,” her voice a wrecked, sexy plea. Adrian’s satisfaction peaked, a full-on rush—he’d pushed her here, and now he’d get his prize, grinning hushed as he nudged her to say it louder. She groaned—“So damn bad”—her vibe crumbling, that bet lost in a flood of need he’d masterminded.

They slipped down the hall, the house still dead with sleep, and hit her bathroom, the door clicking shut soft behind them. She turned, smirking tired but flirty, peeling down her shorts slowly exposing her barely haired genital—“Your prize,” she rasped, voice rough and tempting. She sat, legs wide, and let loose, a three-minute torrent crashing out, steam rising in the cold air, relief washing over her like a damn storm. 

Her body slumped, a shaky sigh spilling out, her head tipping back as the tension melted, pure bliss painting her face. Adrian’s pulse pounded, phone sneaking a clip, the sight raw and electric, her surrender hitting like a drug—his fantasy made real. She didn’t clock it, too lost in the wave, and stood, tugging her shorts up, tossing him a playful glare—“Happy now?” Hell yeah, he grinned, pocketing the hot little thrill, as she teased dragging Adrian in next time—he’d fold fast, she bet. Adrian laughed, already hooked on her next wild move, that clip a dirty secret burning in his pocket.

Fin.

I just add some spacing to make the story easier to read (see edit history)

*003*2025-03-23 08:27

{{On 3/16/2025 at 7:42 PM, MikeB said:

Absolutely hot and arousing your story.

It turning on so very, very much, to know that a girl didn’t pee for so long!!!

}}

{{22 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

NOW that's what I call a ravishing story!

}}

Thanks for the compliment, Mates! Really appreciate it.

