The funny things that started to happen with the man I'm dating...

Author: Alba wetting

*000*2025-01-20 05:07

Chapter 1: First Date - Revelations So, I've been dating this guy. He is really cute; let's call him Ander.

Ander was in the same high school as I was. He is two years older than I am, so he didn't ever pay attention to me back then. However, when he left for college, I decided to follow him on Instagram just to keep up to date on him, and he followed back. Nothing happened back then, but about a year ago, I became more active on social media and noticed he started liking my Instastories—but only the ones in which I appeared alone.

By this time, I was out of high school. Noticing his interest, I thought, Why not? He seems to like me. I sent him a message, just a simple, "Hi." He was swift in taking the hint and started up a conversation. He was direct and straight to the point. The same day we started chatting, he invited me on a date. We had a cute little picnic in a local park. He was very nice, and his conversation was interesting. He even brought some wine, and we were drinking. I also had my water bottle.

I was so into the conversation and so lost in his beautiful eyes that my growing need to pee went unnoticed—until I was bursting. I didn’t want to, but with all the shame, I had to stop him from speaking and said, “I’m so sorry, Ander, but we need to find a toilet now!”

“Oh... sure,” he replied. I could see that he was perturbed by my interruption.

“Are you okay?” I asked.

“Yeah... sure. Let’s find that toilet.”

So we got up to pack our things, and I couldn’t help but notice a bulge in his pants.

“I think we might find toilets on the other side of the park,” he said.

“Ugh!” I moaned.

“Well, you could pop a squat behind those bushes,” he suggested, and somehow, he seemed even more embarrassed than I was.

“Oh no, I think I can make it. But let’s get going!”

“Sure.”

So we got to the toilets without further complications. I made it to the toilet completely dry but desperate nonetheless and peed with a strong stream. I didn’t notice there wasn’t any toilet paper until I was done. No big deal; I just pulled up my panties, which got wet with a drop or two, but no big deal. I honestly love feeling a little bit wet down there. I washed my hands, and of course, there wasn’t any paper to dry them with—again, no biggie.

I came out of the women’s room, and there he was, waiting for me. He reached for my hand, and I got self-conscious about how wet my hand was. I don’t know why, but I said, “Careful! My hands are wet with piss.”

I saw how he froze in his place and how his face turned completely red.

“What’s the matter, Ander?!” I asked. “Why do you look so embarrassed if I was the one who was about to wet her knickers like a little girl!”

“Oh, it’s just that... It’s... It’s nothing...” he stuttered, and we kept on walking, but I could see he was disturbed.

“Ander,” I insisted, “It’s okay. You can tell me. I’m just worried I made you uncomfortable or something.”

He sighed. “No! It’s not that. It’s just that... I’m sorry! It’s just that all this pee stuff really turns me on, and it’s so embarrassing!” he said, almost in a whisper-cry, looking at me with embarrassed puppy eyes.

I don’t know why, but I found him so cute in that moment that I couldn’t resist asking, “May I kiss you?”

“Well, of course,” he said, leaning in. We started making out. He was so sweet and sexy that I’m sure the wet spot in my panties became larger. He seemed so aroused, grinding against my body, and I could feel his erection. After a while of passionately kissing, I broke the kiss.

“Ander, thanks for being open about your kinks with me. You must know I won’t judge you.”

“I know,” he said, “but it’s so embarrassing!”

“Oh, come on! It’s not that weird. I’ve seen stuff like that—golden showers and stuff, right?”

“Well, not precisely... I’m more into wettings.”

“You mean like wetting your pants?” I asked, intrigued.

“Yeah, or seeing someone else wet themselves. It’s… hard to explain,” he said, looking down.

“Oh wow! I hadn’t heard of that before…”

The silence surrounded us, and I could see he was uncomfortable, so I made a joke to break the tension.

“Well, today was almost your lucky day! Haha,” I teased. The comment seemed to lighten the mood, and I saw him smile.

“Yeah! You really gave me a show to remember,” he replied with a laugh.

Instinctively, I glanced down and couldn’t help but notice the big bulge in his pants.

“Yeah… I can see someone down there liked it,” I said seductively as I grabbed his entire crotch—balls and everything. “Maybe next time,” I whispered in his ear. I didn’t know why, but I was suddenly overcome with horniness and wanted to keep him on edge.

He froze in silence, clearly flustered.

“Goodbye for now, you perv,” I said with a playful smirk, kissing him goodbye before walking away, leaving him standing there, frozen with a massive erection.

*001*2025-01-24 05:04

Chapter 2: Memories - Hide and seek

What had just happened? What had I just said? And why was I feeling so horny? I didn’t know. I knew one thing for sure: this Ander guy was having a strange effect on me.

The following days, we kept chatting. He was a funny guy, always asking about my day and making me feel special! He didn’t mention anything about the day in the park anymore. Maybe he was still embarrassed about his confession, but I couldn’t stop thinking about what he had told me. Was he really into people wetting themselves? Wasn’t that supposed to be embarrassing?

Thinking about it made me feel morbid. There was something wrong about it, but I couldn’t stop hearing his words every time I needed to pee. I even found myself holding it for extra-long times and jiggling, imagining what his reaction would be if he saw me squirming and holding my crotch like a little girl. Seriously! What’s happening to me? I was craving his company!

Lying in bed, I tried to remember the last time I had wet myself, wondering if it had been arousing in any way. I couldn’t remember much; it had been so long ago. It was at some friend’s birthday party. It must have been a warm summer day because we had been drinking sodas all afternoon, and suddenly one of the girls had the fabulous idea of playing hide-and-seek. I remember I was wearing a beautiful red skirt with white polka dots, a black tank top, and I must have been wearing white panties or at least a very light color, as I distinctly remember how they turned a shade of yellow when I finally came home and changed into my pajamas.

Anyway, I remember needing to pee before the game started. I was just about to enter the house when my birthday friend, Beca, called me: "Where are you going? We’re going to play hide-and-seek, and you’ll be counting first!"

Gosh! How much I hated counting! But it was impossible to say no to the birthday girl. So I stood, leaning my forehead against the big tree in the middle of the garden. Wow! I really had to go! I started counting to ten, crossing my legs one way and then the other, rocking my body back and forth. When I got to ten, I yelled, “Ready or not, here I go!” and started searching for my friends all around.

I looked behind the slide—nothing. Under the table—nothing. I was heading towards the grill cabin in the back of the garden when I heard Martha run towards the counting tree and claim safety! Damn it! One safe. I still had two friends to find. There was no one in the grilling area either. “Think, Amanda! Think!” I said to myself. It was difficult to focus with so much piss inside my little bladder.

Then I got an idea! Amy was always mocking us for being afraid of the dark. She was so brave and careless! I bet she thought no one would look for her in the creepy cellar at the end of the garden. I got there in the blink of an eye and carefully opened the door, which creaked. Shit! It was scary and dark indeed. Carefully, and with baby steps, I started walking inside. If I paid attention, I could hear a soft breathing noise! I focused my eyes, and suddenly…

Amy used the surprise factor! She jumped from behind some boxes with a powerful shout! “AAAAA!” I screamed like a little girl, standing frozen in fright. I felt my panties get wet as my body pressed a strong spurt against them! Instinctively, I jammed my hands between my legs, pressing my labia for dear life, and managed to cut the flow immediately. But Amy got to the counting tree before me and claimed safety.

Damn! That was close! I felt kind of embarrassed but had more urgent matters. If I didn’t find Beca before she claimed safety at the counting tree, I would have to count again, and I wasn’t willing to do that. Fortunately, I quickly found her hiding between some bushes, and in a rush of adrenaline, I outran her to the counting tree to claim I had found her! It would be her turn to count. I was so excited about finding her and so thrilled by the adrenaline that I completely forgot I had to go badly and that I was already wet.

Beca started counting, and I quickly found a hiding place underneath a trampoline. I hid there and tried to calm down, as I didn’t want to be found because of my heavy breathing. That’s when the urge hit me, and I started feeling the effects of my previous spurt. I could feel my panties clinging to my skin and couldn’t keep my mind off the warm dampness. Hidden from everyone, I wasn’t afraid to hold my crotch and wiggle around in despair. I looked at my belly—it was so swollen. I was bursting!

Suddenly, I heard some steps and saw a pair of feet on the opposite side of the trampoline. It must be Beca! I thought. I tried my best to be still. In that attempt, I forced myself to stop squirming, and that’s when it happened. I couldn’t hold it anymore. I felt the pee trickling against my hands, my already wet panties getting warmer. I could hear a soft hissing sound and was overwhelmed by relief. I remember watching, mesmerized, as a puddle formed between my legs, only to be soaked again by the ground. Oooh, it felt so good to finally let go…

What the hell! I didn’t think the memory would be so vivid! It almost felt like coming back to my senses when I found myself as I had started remembering—lying on my bed. I hadn’t noticed, but I had a hand under my pajama pants, and it felt… wet? I took my hand out for inspection, and indeed, my fingers were damp. But not in piss like that day that seemed to have happened so long ago. There was no denial. I was ferally horny, couldn’t stop thinking about the warm sensation between my legs. My pussy was throbbing for attention, and I gave in. I started rubbing myself. I was so wet, I couldn’t help but imagine how Ander would react if I told him the story. I could clearly see his package growing against his pants. Fuck! I wanted him so bad! How I wanted to see his penis, still unknown to me. I wanted to jerk it, suck it, I wanted him inside me. I fingered myself, thinking it was his penis fucking me. I masturbated until I fell asleep.

*002*2025-01-31 03:04

Chapter 3: The night out

I woke up the next morning, still confused by the memories from last night, my head spinning between confusion, arousal, and shame. I tried to push these feelings away and picked up my phone from the nightstand. Of course, the first thing I checked was whether Ander had sent me any messages.

"Hey, Amanda! I really enjoyed our picnic date the other day! I'd love to see you again! Are you up for a night out tomorrow?"

Of course, I was! My body was craving him deeply. And why did he sound so chill and natural? Was I the only one going crazy!?

I texted him back, and we arranged our night out. After work, he was going to drive to my building, park outside, and then we'd take the subway to the nightclub. Simple, right? I’m proud to say I was the one who suggested leaving the car at my place—in hopes of inviting him in after clubbing. Gosh, I felt like a wild bitch, and truly, I loved it.

Tomorrow came sooner than I expected, and by the evening, I was a wrecking ball of nerves, moving from one side of my apartment to the other. I did my makeup, fixed my hair, and finally settled on a red skirt with polka dots and a black top. Yeah, I wanted to replicate my outfit from the other night. It made me feel sexy, and the memory still left me tingling—wet between the legs.

I was so nervous that I bought a six-pack before he arrived and downed a beer to ease my nerves. I was just taking the last sip when the doorbell rang.

I let him in. Gosh, he was a handsome lad. He wore fitted blue jeans and a sleek black satin shirt.

"Heyyy," he said, trying to act confident, but I could tell from his face that he was just as nervous as I was.

"You look so cute in that little skirt," he added.

"Well, thank you," I said, spinning around just enough to make the movement lift my skirt slightly revealing my inocent white panties. Why did I do that!? I felt so silly and childish, but I couldn’t ignore the way his eyes flickered down for just a second.

"Jejeje, I bought some beers. Wanna grab one with me before we leave?" I offered.

"Sure, I never say no to a cold one," he replied.

So we had a beer together, and I think we made each other feel more at ease. He had an easy laugh, and before I knew it, I had finished my second beer!

"Ready to go now, or are we gonna get drunk here? I just finished my second beer," I teased.

"Hey, that’s unfair! I only had one!" he complained, joking.

I quickly opened him another can. "Well, chug it then, young man!" I dared him.

And he did. He downed it in the blink of an eye, to my absolute amazement. Fuck, that was so fucking manly.

"Done," he almost whispered, trying to suppress a burp.

"Jajajaja! Wow! That was impressive!" I stood on my toes, grabbed his head, and went for a kiss.

He was surprised but quickly responded, gripping my hips and pulling me closer, lifting me just enough so I could kiss him properly with all my tongue expertise. Damn, he was a good kisser. I soon found myself rubbing my crotch against his leg, hoping he wouldn’t realize I was practically masturbating against him.

"Let's get going then," I said, breathless. "I wanna see if you're as good at dancing as you are at kissing."

"You bet I am!" he said, grabbing my hand.

We left the apartment and headed to the subway station, and that’s when I realized—I hadn’t gone to the toilet before leaving…

Well, he hadn’t either. Control yourself, Amanda! He isn’t complaining about having to go, is he? Well, you shouldn’t either… But damn, how hot would it be to see him grabbing his huge package between his legs, squirming all around? Though honestly, I was probably closer to holding myself than he was.

We got to the club, and the music was good. They had a live band playing salsa—my favorite for dancing! Before hitting the dance floor, Ander took me to the bar and ordered two drinks with some strange name I couldn't recall.

“Cheers,” he said, taking a big sip of his drink.

I did the same and immediately started coughing. “What is this!?” I gasped, trying to recover from the strong taste. It was a powerful mix of scotch, gin, and who knows what else.

Ander drank his as if it were nothing, and though I tried to keep up, it was way too strong for me. He noticed I hadn’t even finished half my glass before he had already emptied his.

“You don’t have to drink it if you don’t want to, Amanda,” he said.

“I’m sorry, it’s just too strong for me,” I admitted, already feeling tipsy.

“It’s okay. I should have asked what you wanted instead of ordering for you. But it’s my favorite drink, and I wanted to share it with you.”

“Ohhh, you’re too sweet,” I said, gently kissing his cheek. “You can finish mine if you want.”

“Say no more,” he replied, and without hesitation, he quickly downed the rest of my drink.

“Wow! That went down fast! I hope you can hold it in, big boy.”

The words slipped from my tipsy mouth before I even thought about them, and the moment they did, I regretted them. I watched as Ander’s face turned beet red. Oh, God. Had I made it weird?

“Yeah… jeje,” he muttered, rubbing the back of his neck. He looked a little embarassed. “Shall we get dancing?” he added quickly, desperate to break the awkwardness.

I had been thinking of using the loo before hitting the dancefloor, but I didn’t want to add further to the awkwardness. So we went dancing…

He grabbed me firmly by the waist and took my hand, leading me to a good spot where we could move comfortably. He was good! Not amazing, but definitely a decent dancer. I could see him focusing, counting the steps in his head, and for some reason, that concentration made him look even cuter.

I suddenly had the urge to kiss him. Being tipsy as I was, I stopped dancing and led him to a corner, where I pushed him against the wall and started kissing him as passionately as the first day we had met. He responded with equal strength. I could taste the strong liquor from his mouth—he must have been as drunk as I was. Or, considering all he had drunk, maybe even more.

As we were kissing, I felt the pressure of my bladder with renewed strength, but I felt something else too. A heating sensation spread through me, and my labia felt heavy. I shivered and crossed my legs, doing a sort of pee-pee dance, rubbing my thighs together. But that only stimulated my vulva more, and I noticed myself slowly getting wet.

He immediately noticed my change in behavior and broke the kiss.

“Amanda, are you okay?”

Now I was the one turning red. I felt like a little girl, squirming and trying to hold my wee in.

“Hummm… well, remember what you said the other day at the park? The stuff about holding and being desperate to pee? … Well, I’m feeling that.”

I saw the desire in his eyes as I said it—it made me feel cute and sexy. I knew he wanted to fuck me right there, right now.

But he was a gentleman. He held back his desire and simply said,

“You should have told me! Let me escort you to the toilet.”

Gosh! He was a sweetheart—my heart was melting for him.

“I think I can hold it longer if you help me.”

“What do you mean?”

“Here.”

I grabbed his hand, lifted my skirt, and pressed his palm against my throbbing pussy.

He gasped but quickly understood the assignment. His grip tightened, and soon, his middle finger found the outline of my slit. He traced over my cameltoe, caressing me with slow, deliberate strokes.

I was in heaven—feeling so naughty, so horny, so desperate! I moaned against his ear, and I could hear his breathing grow heavier.

Gathering courage, I reached down and grabbed his crotch over his jeans. Even through the thick fabric, I could feel his hardness.

“Little perv,” I whispered into his ear, my lips against his skin. “Are you turned on by seeing me like this? Moaning and squirming like a little girl?”

He bit my neck softly and replied, “It drives me crazy, little one.”

"Little one." Those words had an effect on me—flipped a switch or something. Suddenly, I was out of my mind.

“Daddy, I think I’m going to have an accident,” I whispered in a little girl’s voice, very intentionally wanting to tease him to the edge.

He suddenly became serious, though he didn’t stop rubbing me down there.

“Amanda, please! You know I’ll cum in my pants if you do,” he was breathing heavily.

“Don’t you dare, I want all your load inside me,” I ordered.

“Ohhh… please, Amanda… I’m begging you… you know it’s my biggest fantasy…”

I had him exactly where I wanted him, begging for my release, and honestly, my body was too.

“Mhhh…” I moaned, “I’m so desperate, Daddy… I don’t think I can hold it much longer…”

“Fuck…” he moaned, rubbing himself over his pants. “It’s okay, baby girl. Daddy… oh… will take care of you.”

I was shivering with arousal and desperation. "Fuck it! Let’s do it", I thought.

“Ander, this might be your lucky day.”

Without thinking too much, I relaxed for a moment, and in my state of desperation, I felt a strong spurt of pee soak my knickers. Ander’s fingers started moving faster as the warmth spread through my panties. Instinctively, I moved my own hand to my crotch, pushing Ander’s away and pressing my muscles with all my strength. I gasped, crossing my legs to stop the flow.

“Fuck! No, nononono! What am I doing?”

“Sorry, Ander! I can’t do this!” I almost yelled as I ran desperately in search of the toilet, one hand pressed against my crotch. I must have peed a lot because I could feel dribbles running down my legs.

Fortunately, the toilet was empty. I burst through the door and practically slammed it shut while already pulling down my drenched panties. My stream came out before I even sat down, making a mess on the toilet seat before I finally settled, letting everything go.

I moaned—probably too loud—as the relief washed over me, my breathing heavy.

I felt so dirty. So humiliated. How could I have done this?

I looked at my panties. Absolutely soaked.

I felt on the verge of crying. I had really wet my panties like a little girl. And the worst part? It hadn’t even been a real accident—I had been a stupid, horny girl, probably playing too much with Ander’s fantasies.

Dammit.

The faint smell of pee was undeniable, and I felt so self-conscious as my stream died down. I wiped myself with some toilet paper "what’s the point?" I thought as I stared at my curly pubic hair, completely soaked in my own urine. I felt awful and just wanted to get out of that stupid club as fast as possible.

I got up from the toilet and tried to clean my mess as much as possible with toilet paper before flushing away my disaster. I pulled up my panties and nearly started crying when I felt the damp material, now turning cold against my skin. Fortunately, my skirt didn’t look too wet.

I lifted it slightly to check myself in the mirror. My panties had become completely see-through, revealing the dark shade of my pubes. It was clearbythat that this wasn’t a little girl’s accident but a grown woman’s. It was humiliating.

Finally, I stepped out of the bathroom and back into the bright lights of the club, spotting Ander sitting at the bar, drinking a shot. Every step I took filled me with embarrassment—the wetness between my legs was impossible to ignore, and I couldn’t stop smelling the fresh pee.

I took Ander by the arm.

“Ander, I wanna go home,” I demanded.

“Sure thing, babe, just let me take a leak real quick,” he said.

I pulled him harder by the arm and stared deeply into his eyes.

“Ander, we need to go home now!” I protested with authority.

He suddenly looked scared, like a little boy, and I felt awful for making him feel that way.

“Sure,” he said in a resigned voice and downed his shot in one big gulp.

I led him out of the club by the hand. He was now clearly drunk, walking clumsily, nothing like the grace he had while we were dancing.

Once outside, I pulled out my phone to call an Uber while Ander leaned against a wall. He looked worried, shifting uncomfortably, and I noticed he was crossing his legs in a very feminine way. His hand was buried in his pocket, and by the look of it, he was grabbing his cock.

I knew exactly what was happening.

He was holding his pee.

*004*2025-02-02 07:58

{{16 hours ago, om0 said:

This is one of the hottest stories I've read in a long time

}}

Owww thank you! It means a lot! I really enjoy writing and it motivates me to know that I'm being read and that you're enjoying my posts!

