Potty Training

Author: AceOmorashi

*000*2017-05-26 00:05

Based on the below prompt:

"Imagine your OTP has a small child that's reluctant to use the potty. Parent A (who has 0% pee-kinkage) pees in the training potty to show the child how easy and comfortable it is. Parent B (who has a 100% secret interest in pee) walks in on this scene and tries to pretend the sight of their partner filling a tiny potty doesn't affect them. What happens later is the writer's choice."

This is exciting; my first fanfic on this website! Well, if you happen to stumble upon this, I hope you enjoy reading! This is a NaruMayo fanfic, in which they are married and have a kid together. Takes place a few years after the games, though there are no spoilers to speak of.

===========

Potty Training

"Amelia, do you have to go potty?" Phoenix asked his three-year-old daughter, when he glanced up long enough to see her squirming around and tugging at her t-shirt as if conceal her exposed diaper. It had been four years since he married Maya, who was the love of his life, and a little over three years since their daughter, Amelia, was born. Now little Amelia was on the path to becoming a big girl. Or so her parents would hope.

"No." Amelia answered as she shook her head. This was the third time they had this conversation, and the first two times ended with Amelia needing a diaper change not even ten minutes later. Phoenix knew he had to be patient with her, but it was clear she was ready to use the potty! She was probably just stubborn about giving up diapers, much like he was at her age, something his mother attested to previously.

===

"If she's anything like my boy here, she's going to be one stubborn kid!" Mrs. Wright stated, jabbing her index finger into her son's arm.

"Mom..." Phoenix lightly groaned, already embarrassed.

"Was Nick really hard to potty train?" Maya inquired, curious as both a mother and a wife.

"At first, yeah!" Mrs. Wright answered. "He'd go anywhere except the potty. In fact, he still owes me for that pee stain he left on my bedroom carpet-"

"MOM!" he screamed, his face now beet red.

"You peed on her carpet?!" Maya laughed at her now thoroughly embarrassed husband.

"He soaked through his pull-up and piddled on the floor!" Mrs. Wright confirmed as she also laughed.

"After all the juice you gave me that day, do you seriously think that was my fault?!" the embarrassed lawyer questioned, though he too, couldn't help but laugh a little at the memory of running around the house and suddenly freezing up as he completely drenched himself, tearing up as he left a decently large spot on the carpet.

"Oh, oh I hope Amelia doesn't do that!" Maya stated in between catching her breath.

"Then keep our bedroom door shut!" he added.

"Will do!" Maya held back one last laugh.

"Well, the day after that happened..." Mrs. Wright continued explaining. "...I wondered if he would give the potty a try if he watched somebody else use it first. So, I took him into the bathroom, and set myself on his training potty..."

"You what?!" Maya asked, surprised.

"...And peed while he watched! After I emptied it out, he said: 'Mommy, I wanna try now!'. Two minutes later, he was officially a big boy! And to think, that was the only time I had to do that."

"I would hope so!" said Maya. Phoenix could have sworn she rolled her eyes.

===

"Amelia?" Phoenix motioned for his daughter to approach him.

"Yes, Daddy?" the three-year-old toddled over to her father, thinking she had done something wrong. Once they were face-to-face, he picked her up, and set her onto his lap.

"Now, look, Amelia. You don't wanna wear diapers forever, do you?" he asked. "Don't you wanna be a big girl?"

"Can't I wear diapers, and be a big girl?" Amelia asked in response. "It'd be easier! Besides, I don't like the potty."

"How do you know unless you try?" he asked, giving her a soft, reassuring smile.

"...I'm too scared to try." Amelia confessed while she looked away, her gaze fixated on her own lap. "None of my friends in the playgroup use the potty yet, so I-" she stopped as her diaper suddenly grew warm while a familiar wetness spread. "Uh oh..." she whispered. "Daddy, I think I just..."

"I know, honey." Phoenix said sympathetically, feeling a twinge of guilt as he felt the radiating heat on his own lap. "Mommy and Daddy have been giving you a lot more juice lately, but we'll cut back, okay?"

Amelia nodded an 'okay'.

"Alright, let's go get you changed." he said as he got up and carried her to her room, where her changing table was.

===

A few hours had passed, and Amelia was now sitting in her still dry diaper, watching cartoons, while her dad continued to go over a case file he had been looking at since that morning. Incidentally, a pen rolled off the desk, and Phoenix bent down to retrieve it, only to feel a dull pain in his lower abdomen, right about where his bladder was. It was enough to remind him of his own juice consumption over the course of that entire day. As he got up and headed for the bathroom, he caught a glimpse of his toddler daughter, and remembered their earlier conversation. He also recalled the chat between him, Maya, and his mother from the other day, particularly that one part.

I guess it was destined to happen... he thought as he approached his daughter. "Amelia?"

"Hm?" she paused her show so they could talk. Meanwhile, he bent down to her level despite his bladder's protests.

"Do you remember our talk earlier?" he asked.

"Yeah." Amelia answered as she nodded. "Why?"

"Well, I thought about what you said, and I think I understand." he explained. "When I was your age, I didn't wanna use the potty either."

"You didn't?" she asked, surprised.

"Nope." he answered. "But then one day, Nana let me watch her go potty, and showed me it wasn't all that bad." He paused to make sure Amelia was still listening, which she was. "So, I'm thinking...Would it help if you watched Daddy go potty? To see it's not all that bad?" Either way, I really have to go!

Amelia pondered for a minute, then got up from the couch before giving her answer. "Okay!" she beamed as she took her dad's hand as he stood up. "But don't say I didn't warn you!" she stated as she pointed up with the index finger of her free hand. He couldn't help but chuckle a little.

===

Phoenix knew in any other situation, he would not be able to live this down. After all, he was about to sit on top of his kid's training potty and piss in it! He hadn't even needed to sit down to pee since he was five; he had no reason to do this except for Amelia's sake. Anything to finally wean her out of diapers, really. The child took her seat on the bath mat to watch her dad prove his statements true.

After opening the potty, then pulling down his trousers, followed by his underpants, Phoenix sat down, making sure his tingling penis was behind the built-in splash guard, and relaxed. After a few seconds of waiting, he felt a steady stream flow out of his urethra, and was soon listening to the pitter-patter of about six glasses worth of juice hitting the plastic bowl beneath him. He sighed in content as his bladder gradually emptied, while the pitter-patter became more of a tinkle as the plastic bowl gradually started to fill up. Curious as to see what was going on, Amelia stood up and stepped over to get a closer look. She was unable to see him piddle due to the splash guard, so Phoenix did the next best thing, pushing down on his bladder to make the steady stream's faint hissing more audible to her ears.

Unintentionally, it was also audible to his wife, Maya, who just happened to hear it as she walked past the bathroom door, and jumped to the conclusion her daughter was finally using the potty! Camera at the ready, she opened the door and popped in! Only to discover the source of urination as, not her three year old daughter, but rather, her 5'9" frame of a husband, who was quite shocked at the sudden barging, to say the least.

"M-Maya!?" he shouted, face flushed from embarrassment, as he was still peeing, despite trying to cut off the flow. "W-What's with the camera?!"

"N-Nick!" she responded, also quite shocked. She blushed, but not for the same reason as Phoenix. Ever since she was a teen, even the thought of watching a man urinate aroused her big time! She couldn't explain why, it just...did! In fact, if the room was kid-free, she would have made a move right then. "I-I thought Amelia was-"

"Look, Mommy!" Amelia enthusiastically spoke up. "Daddy's going pee pee! In the potty, no less!"

Maya giggled. "Yeah, Daddy's a real big boy, isn't he?" she said as she knelt down to their level, and petted at Phoenix's hair, which was her subtle way of telling him she was turned on, to which he couldn't help but look at her, confused and surprised. Who could honestly blame her? The image of her successful lawyer of a husband, sitting (or awkwardly squatting, to be more specific!) on a training potty, with his pants around his ankles while he filled the tiny potty with his piddling was just...adorable really! After another half-minute of being watched by two sets of eyes now, his steady stream died down to a trickle, then nothing. He gave a small sigh of content and relief, standing up to pull his pants back on before emptying out the plastic bowl, which was only one inch away from being full to the brim by the time he finished. How it wasn't overflowing was anybody's guess.

I didn't even think I had to go that bad! he thought as he poured the unbelievably large quantity of urine, which smelled lightly of grapes, into the toilet.

"Um...Daddy?" Amelia spoke, fidgeting a little.

"Yes, Amelia?" he asked, setting the empty bowl back into its place on the potty.

"I...I think it's my turn!" she stated, tugging at her shirt. For a brief moment, her parents looked at each other, surprised this crazy idea actually worked! With that, Maya helped her daughter out of her diaper, and set her on top of the potty. About a minute later, there was another pitter-patter, followed by another tinkle, as the plastic bowl filled up once more. Amelia grinned with pride as she proclaimed "I did it! I'm going just like a big girl!" Two minutes, and one photo later, she was cleaned off and put into a pair of training pants.

===

It was now night time, and Amelia was already put to bed. Despite her success, she still had to sleep in a diaper 'to keep her bed dry' as her parents reasoned. It would be awhile before they let her wear big girl pants to bed, that was for sure! Meanwhile, in the parent's bedroom, they were about to go to bed themselves.

"I am never doing that again!" Phoenix firmly stated, after he flopped down on to his side of the bed. Even after six hours, the embarrassment still had yet to fully subside.

"I don't think you'll have to!" Maya assured as she joined him on their marital bed. "Amelia caught on rather quickly."

"That's true." he remarked. "The potty was full twice after she went the first time!"

Maya held back a giggle. "Not counting your turn before hers?" she asked as she looked down at him, a seductive glimmer in her eye.

"Maya..." Phoenix spoke as he sat up. "...I have to ask, even though I am slightly afraid to, but does watching me pee really...turn you on?"

Maya nodded in confirmation without hesitation. "I've fantasized about it ever since I was a teen." she explained. "Just the thought of watching a man urinate after he's been holding it for so long, or after he's had so much to drink-" she paused to catch her breath. "I get wet just thinking about it!" she stated as she felt her thighs grow damp out of arousal. Phoenix smiled seductively as he put his hand in his wife's panties.

"I meant to tell you even back when you were still my boyfriend- Whoa! Easy, Nick! -but I never really had a opportunity until today." she added.

The more he thought about it, the more he realized she was right; for as long as they knew each other, there really were so few instances of him needing a toilet bad enough, and if it ever got to that point, she wasn't able to watch him go. "You know, Maya, you're Wright! " he laughed.

"Oh, Nick. That pun was terrible, I love it!" Maya also laughed. "Almost as much as I love you!" she added with a kiss on his lips.

"And I love you, my beautiful Maya!" he said, as he kissed her in return. "Now peeing still doesn't turn me on, but since you enjoy it so much, we could always do it as foreplay!"

"Yes! I love that idea!" Maya happily breathed out. She leaned her head back in content as her husband continued fingering her, until he suddenly stopped and drew his hand back. "Nick, why did you st-?" she received her answer before she finished asking; as she focused back on him, she saw he had both of his hands tightly gripping his crotch while he squirmed and squeezed his thighs, and even started to whimper a little in desperation. "N-Nick?!" Maya almost exclaimed. "D-Do you have to-" As if I have to ask!

"I, um, h-haven't used the bathroom since...earlier." he sheepishly admitted.

Maya licked her lips. "Well..." she said with a husky voice. "Why don't we get my big boy to the potty before he wets himself, then?"

"As long as it's the big potty!" Phoenix requested as they both stood up. "The other one felt really tight!"

"As long as you don't piddle on the floor!" she playfully teased and winked as she took one of his hands to lead him to the bathroom.

End

=====

And that's the story! I'll have to write more NaruMayo omo in the not-so-immediate future! ;)

I'll concede Maya would have been better as Parent A, but...

1. I prefer adult male omo. I can't work with females as well (except if diapers are involved; then I can go either way).

2. I can't really picture Nick having any interest in pee. He just doesn't seem like the type to, IMO.

Anyway, if you made it to the end of this story, thank you so much for reading! =)

