Faust's Commissions Thread

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2024-05-01 15:16

Heyyo, been a long time since I've posted up in here. Figured I'd make a new thread for commissions that I take, and write out. And, it just so happens that I have one for you all today.

Here!

[Bouncy's Bursting Bus Ride]

A loud yawn could be heard, as the curvy figure of Bouncy slumped into her seat on the bus.

“Man, that test was exhausting…” She grumbled, as the shimmering figure of Meta stood next to her, glancing over her with her usual, standoffish look.

“That was harder than all of the games we’ve played this week.” she snarked, sighing. “Thank God for that secret weapon.”

Bouncy gave a small chuckle, and a soft nod.

“Yeah, no kidding…”

A few hours ago, during lunch….

“What do you MEAN we’re gonna have a pop quiz in Biology?”

“Well, I mean, you probably will, at least!” the harried voice of her schoolmate called. “Ms. Kurona has been on a warpath today, and she was talking about how our class had the lowest scorers. Just figured I’d tell you before you went in to be prepared.”

“Guh, but I’m so tired…” Bouncy whined, slumping over in her chair at the lunch table. “I’ve been dueling all day, and I got like, no sleep last night remaking my deck…”

“I told you it wasn’t that serious. You could have just waited until morning to pick out some new cards.” Meta quipped in a matter-of-fact way, as Bouncy lightly pouted.

“But I was in the zone. You can’t blame me for wanting to take advantage of sudden mental clarity like that.”

“I can, and will totally blame you for that.” Meta retorted, rolling her eyes. “And before you ask, No. I’m not going to help you cheat on this test, no matter how nicely you ask me..”

“Ah, No, I would never use your powers like that.!” Bouncy defended. “I just…Ugh….I just need to find a way to stay awake during the test, that’s all.”

Meta gave her a half-hearted glare, though less for her potential lapse in morality, and more at the fact she was being very vocal about her complaints while her classmate just tilted their head, and seemed… concerned about her well being, considering that Meta wasn’t visible to normal people.

“Um…are you okay Bouncy? ” they asked, “It’s just a pop-quiz. Nothing to erm…talk about ‘Powers’ or taking advantage of them, or the like….”

Bouncy quickly interjected by waving her hand slightly, as if brushing off their concerns.

“Ah, yeah…Sorry, I’m just…better at remembering stuff when I think out loud, that’s all.” She feebly explained. “Sorry ‘bout that! No need to be worried! It’s just a test, I’m just a little tired, is all.”

Luckily, this wasn’t the first time she had been caught talking to herself, so the schoolmate just shrugged and moved along to get their seat and eat lunch, leaving Bouncy to mentally mourn her lack of energy, and struggle to figure out what she was going to do….

“Tired, huh? You know, I might have a Solution for that…” Another voice chimed in, as a familiar shade of Dark Green hair came into view, brandishing a tall, black can of some beverage in his hand..

“Ah? Is that one of those new Yoh-Kai Energy drinks?” She called, taking the ice-cold can in her grip as she looked it over.

“Yeah, Daichi brought a bunch today.” the boy’s voice called out, as he moved to take his seat across from her. “It’s one of those coffee-flavored ones, but I don’t really like the taste of coffee all that much.”

Bouncy’s gaze wandered over the tall can, turning it over in her hand to look over the ingredients, and to take in the design of it.

“I’ve never had an energy drink before. Does it work?” She asked, prompting Faust to nod his head.

“Yeah, it does….Kinda-sorta.” He started, lightly. “It’ll give you a rush of energy for a bit, but then you’ll probably crash twice as hard afterwards. Sounds like something you could use to stay awake in class, even if you just konk out afterwards. If you want it, you can have it. I’m definitely not drinking it.”

“Oh, alrighty then! Thanks Faust!” she called, as she pulled the tab on the can to open it, and raised it to her lips for an experimental sip.

It had a strong taste, that was for sure. It reminded her a bit of bitter black coffee, with some sugary, almost cola-like mixture involved. She winced for a bit as she adjusted to the flavor, but after a few gulps, she could feel it…

Awareness. Alertness. Energy. Bouncy straightened up in her chair as she perked up, and her eyes practically shot open wider than she felt they ever had before.

“Woah, you weren’t kidding..” she mumbled, as she hurriedly started to down the rest of the can, feeling more lively than ever.

What was normally just a quiet stroll to class, she took at nearly a half sprint, practically skipping to her desk as she sat down and got her things prepared for the upcoming quiz.

‘I can do this… It’ll just be another test. Then, it’s just a bus ride home, and I can enjoy the rest of my day without any worries!’

The class seemed to fly by, as Bouncy scrawled and scribbled, taking down answers and taking advantage of her newfound alertness. She was thinking of new deck strategies, of cards to ask for when she went to the shop, of new bets to make, and of course, noting to herself to pick up more of the energy drinks that she had a feeling would become a part of her daily routine.

As the final bell rang, Bouncy relaxed in her chair, sliding back and sliding down in it as she breathed a loud sigh of relief.

“Ohhh, that wasn’t so bad..” she called to herself, as she started to close her eyes. She could feel her whole body easing up, relaxing from a tension she didn’t realize she was holding while doing the test. All of which however, was snapped to attention by a single sensation…

Pang….

She shot back up, feeling her bladder give a knock, as if telling her she should head to the bathroom. As she started out of class however, she noticed immediately what she had been warned about…

“Guh….!”

Suddenly, she didn’t feel like making that trek down the hall, fighting among the crowd of students, the horde of bodies, and struggle to squeeze her way through the line to use the facilities….

Frankly, she didn’t even feel like walking out of the classroom at all, as her legs suddenly felt as if they were made of lead, and dragging them became a herculean task in of itself.

Yep…She was crashing.

“Come on, let’s go already.” Meta called out, as if trying to push the girl into the hall with her incorporeal body.

“Buh….He wasn’t lying about that crash…” Bouncy groaned, as she forced herself down the hall. “I’m super worn out now…”

Maybe the energy drinks weren’t such a good idea after all. Sure, she got through her test, but the sheer slog of making her way down the hall, even with the assistance of the usual crowd of students pushing her along, made it absolutely draining.

“Come on, just a bit more.” Meta encouraged, as Bouncy kept dragging herself down the hall, and out the doors. There was a bit of a struggle hefting herself up the steps of the Bus, but she eventually managed to climb up, and trawl her way to the back, plopping down on the seat.

“Buhhh…. I’m taking a nap…” she groaned, starting to close her eyes as the red haired spirit next to her gave her an annoyed look.

“Whatever. I’ll wake you up before your stop..” she added quietly, as the buxom purple haired girl’s eyes fluttered closed.

“...ank you…”

And just like that, she was out like a light.

Meta’s eyes drooped as well, feeling the draining effects of the energy crash as well. Though their sensations were shared, Meta found that she could usually handle some of the more unpleasant things a touch easier than Bouncy could.

She figured it was because she had more willpower than her, but it was anyone’s guess as to why she wasn’t as strongly bothered.

“Hmmmth….”

Though, there was one sensation that stirred about, regardless of her mental fortitude….

“Mmmthhh….. Huh…”

The school bell rang out once more, signaling it was time for lunch. However, rather than move to get her food, Bouncy had a different focus at this point in time…..

Pang…pang…

“Ohhh… Why’d it have to be now….”

The curvy girl scampered down the hall, scurried down the stairs, and made her way down to the most important room in the building: The bathroom.

However, to her chagrin, it seemed that she wasn’t the only one inconvenienced by the school’s new Potty Policy, forcing everyone to have to wait until their extended breaks to visit the bathrooms…

And, what’s more, with everyone else’s outfits being with overalls, belts, and assorted tight fabrics, whenever someone took the school’s only stall, they would be in there for a small eternity, fastening, unfastening, tightening and loosening, struggling and stumbling, all just to get through it in time.

“Haaahhnn…”

Though she had moved as fast as her long legs could carry her, Bouncy was still a strong fourth in line for the singular commode, forcing her to dig her hands into the front of her skirt-tights combo, applying steady pressure as she shifted about.

Back in the real world, Meta could feel the familiar pangs of pressure starting to probe at her body, as if searching for a weak point. She bit her lower lip, and glanced around the bus, as if taking her mind off of it. They’d barely left the school, so there was going to be a bit of a wait before they could get home, but…

“It’s gonna be fine…. We’re okay.”

She tried not to look over the napping form of her partner, unaware of her tensing thighs, as her legs involuntarily pressed themselves together.

“Nnnnghh…..I wish they could hurry up…”

The curvy girl squirmed a bit more openly, rubbing her fingers over her tender, personal faucet, trying to appease the mounting pressure inside. A loud flush, the quick sprays of a sink, and soon enough, the line had advanced by a single person.

“All yours.”

One down, three more to go. Bouncy shifted from foot to foot, glancing around to try to get her mind off of the growing urge, only to wince at what she saw….

A large school fountain, spraying out some golden waters into a shimmering pool…. The waterfalls that she hadn’t noticed before…. Even the small river outside the open door…..Babbling brooks streaming down and out of sight….

“Ahhhnnn…”

Bouncy whimpered, tensing up as she felt the pressure suddenly spike, before a small warmth snuck it’s way to her fingers, coercing her strongly to focus back on the line.

‘Just three more…’

Back on the bus, Meta had started crossing her legs over one another, resting a hand in her lap as she tensed up, feeling her body warm slightly, yet the panging, and knocking of nature kept gnawing at her mind.

“Gnnn… We’re only halfway there…” she groaned. “Do i wake her up now? No…she never wakes up right away….”

There were still a lot of students on the bus, and starting a scene by waking Bouncy up would no doubt make her panic… If she could even wake up when prodded at all, but still….

“Two… just two more…”

Back in the seemingly hydrophilic school, Bouncy bounced from foot to foot, rubbing her tender passage firmly as she squeezed her thighs together, and let out a soft groan. The pressure was starting to get troublesome, and as she stirred about, the next flush prompted her to give a louder groan, and feel a definitive pssssh of strain seeping into her panties…

“Ahhhh, no no…. Come on, body… Just one more…”

She was so close now, she couldn’t risk wetting herself! Especially not in the school, where everyone could see it! Little trickles spread down her tights-clad legs, as she kept moving forward, now shoving both hands down to her skirt to hold herself a bit more directly. She just had to endure one more….

Pssssh….!

“Okay, no…! This is out of hand…” Meta’s voice quickly called out as she felt the first true signs of shame starting to make their way out, as she twisted her legs together, and moved to try and shake Bouncy awake herself…..Forgetting that her body was incorporeal, and as such, could do no such thing.

“Wake up, Sleeping beauty! Wake up, or we’re gonna wet ourselves here!”

She had nothing but her voice to aid her in plight, as she buried both hands in her skirt, squeezing herself tightly and groaning in need. A bending at the hips, a squirm and a wiggle back and forth…..

It was time for her willpower to take the ultimate test…. One that she couldn’t get any help from energy drinks with.

“Gnnn… A..Almost….Almost…”

Bouncy was bent over almost completely, with both of her hands buried in her skirt, pressed against her dampening striped panties, as she waited….begged….pleaded for that sound of salvation….

And, after a few scant minutes that felt like a mild eternity….She heard it.

“-selves…..Here..”

The sound of a familiar voice, followed by the flushing, the sink spraying, and the person who had gone in before her, Meta, leaving the bathroom to her.

Frantic, Bouncy quickly darted into the single stall, and slid her hands to her side, digging into the tights and striped panties in a single move… And started to tug…..Tug…TUG for dear life.

“C’mon….C’mon… Got it!”

She plopped down on the toilet seat, and finally let loose the tension she had felt, an almost deafening

Pssssssshpssssssshpsssssssshpsssssshpshhhhhhhhhhh

Starting to ring out through the stalls walls. More intense the fountain, flowing more freely than the river, and gushing with the intensity of several waterfalls…. Bouncy could finally, finally feel herself getting to pee….

The noises were unbearable, and the sensation of relief was overwhelming… Wait…

Wait, no… The sensation of finally cutting loose didn’t have nearly the same impact she had experienced in the past.

No…It somehow felt….restrained, somehow. What sounded, and looked like a firehose felt more like a slow-flowing sink…

“No….that’s not…right…” she told herself, before it suddenly hit her, as a warm sensation started to spray down her thighs. “No…No way…. I took my tights and panties down already….Unless….”

The realization took her by complete surprise, as she suddenly buried her hands into her personal waterfall, parting the warm waters that dissipated as soon as she noticed. If she could do something so explosively, and it would feel so mildly…. Not to mention, Meta going in the school without her, and with the strange layout with all of that watery imagery….

“No….!”

Back in the real world, Meta had been reduced from squirming and squeezing, to a tense, troubled squat that forced her skirt to ride up over her hips, as she tried frantically to hold her own personal faucet with both hands, and trembling, straining fingers.

“B…Bouncy, please…. We’re on the verge…” she begged, seeing the girl’s legs relax. “Please.. W…Wake up, dammit! I’m… I’m peeing already…!”

Drip…drippsssh…drip…psssh…

“I said WAKE UP!”

“Ohhh nonono… not again… Not again…”

Bouncy could tell there was only one explanation for all of this: It was a dream. She was in a very tensed dream, and she had to find a way to wake up before she ended up embarrassing herself once more. She darted through the halls, eyes darting around for anything. An exit, a classroom, the lunchroom, anything that looked like an escape from the subconscious world she was trapped in.

“C’mon..wake up….Wake up..wake…Gah…”

Psssshhpssssh…psssshhh…

The warm sensation from before had returned, though far more insistent than before. Compared to the meager relief she had experienced on the toilet, this felt a lot…stronger….More genuine… And, subsequently….More humiliating…

“Ahhhh… Ahhhh, It’s… I’m doing it in real life again, aren’t I?” she told herself, squeezing her eyes shut. “Come on..wake up.. Wake up….Wak-”

“UP!”

As her eyes shot open, the strained, flushed expression of Meta greeted her downward gaze, along with the stirring, barely restrained sensation of warmth seeping into her seat, as Bouncy’s hands reflexively pressed against her skirt…

Psssh…psssh….

Greeted with a warm dampness, the curvy girl immediately tensed all of her muscles at once…

Psssssh…psssh..pssshpssshpssssh

Only to be greeted by the sputtering, spraying stream of the girl before her, as her squatting posture gave her an excellent view of the blue and white striped panties quickly greying, dampening, and darkening in a flash, as Meta let out her own strangled sob….

“A…ahhhhnn…Aaaaaghhhh… You…You…Aa…aaaaaass..”

Meta looked upset and flustered, even as her bladder seemed to completely explode into her panties, trickling down onto the bus’s floor in a sort of phantom-sensation, dampness from it gracing her toes for a scant few seconds…

Pssssssshspsssssssshpsssssssssshpsssssssssh

Before her own skirt started to rapidly darken and dampen, as her own panties were quickly flash-flooded in liquid shame, as Bouncy’s fingers could delay the inevitable no longer, and she left a much more corporeal fountain spray out of her in a frantic rush, unable to be stifled, or restrained any longer.

“O..Ohhhhnnnn… Ohhhhhaaaahhh….”

Much like in her dream, she could feel the rivers flowing, and her personal waterfall cascading down from her seat onto the floor. Unlike said fictional relief however, this was the sensation she was getting a little too familiar with….

Of that intense, pent-up tension, starting to melt away at a wild pace. An overarching warmth that cascaded down her thighs and legs, her whole body letting out a pleasant shiver of relief, as the recycled energy drink finally made it’s return to the outside world.

“Ahhhh… Ohhh.. Ohh…Gods…”

Though Meta was trying her best to give her a disapproving glare, Bouncy could tell she was enjoying the relief just as much as she was, if not moreso. She wondered if the red-haired apparition felt sensations more strongly than she did or not… Though, out of all of this, one thing was for certain.

“No more energy drinks, Bouncy.”

###

*004*2024-05-04 14:44

{{On 5/2/2024 at 7:21 PM, Bangarang said:

Welcome back! I love your writing style! And am glad to see commissions are back open! What are your rates, and your commission rules ?

}}

It's basically a matter discussed in DMs.

My rates are variable, depending on what you request, but I usually don't expect more than 30-40 dollars for a commission.

As for rules, again, it's mostly discussed over DMs. The major thing is my paypal is broken, so i take my payment in E-gift cards, or in Biku commissions, lol.

After confirming the request, I do it before getting paid, 9 times out of 10.

*005*2024-05-05 14:12

Speaking of, here's another commission by @Subaru

(They commissioned the last one too)

[Meta’s Revenge]

It was a bright, and beautiful day off of school, for a change. The slumbering, curvy figure of Bouncy could be seen splayed out in her bed, undisturbed by the typical alarm that kept her prompt and prudent.

Yet, as she lay, the shimmering, ethereal figure of Meta arose from the bedframe, glancing over her with a cautious, then devious gaze.

“Today’s the day….”

It had been a long while since their last cataclysmic accident on the school bus, and though Bouncy may have socially recovered from it, (Accidents were commonplace, even ones as devastating as that) Meta had still felt the burning shame of Bouncy’s sleep-induced bus accident every time the little pangs of pressure arose in her body. And, in spite of her remark, Bouncy had found herself addicted to the new highs and lows of energy drinks. Though Meta herself didn’t share the same spark of energy, there was something she got out of it.

As she stepped out of the bed, Meta cruised over past the bedroom door, and started straight out, heading to the kitchen as directly as possible.

Over the course of the last few weeks, Meta had developed a new ability. She could make herself corporeal, and genuinely affect the real world outside of Bouncy. Coupled with being able to distance herself from Bouncy without any troubles (Yet still with certain synched sensations), and she’s been able to finally sit out on things she would rather not be a part of. (History was definitely up there, but she didn’t like hovering around during literature, as being near anyone who knew of her would just lead to them asking her for help.)

As she pulled open the fridge, she slid out one of the cans of Yo-Kai energy drinks that Bouncy had bought, and cracked it quietly.

Ksh-sh

“Gugh…”

She groaned as the smell hit her nose, before quickly slamming the can back and starting to chug….chug….chug…

It tasted better than it smelled, but Meta couldn’t help but be mildly bothered by the sensation still. She was used to touch sensations, but taste and smell could still be… troubling to get used to. She crushed the can, and tossed it into their trash can, before starting to shimmer back into her incorporeal state, as she began to wait.

She could only maintain such a form for a limited amount of time, and she had to make sure to save time for her revenge plan. She moved back to the bedroom, sitting down beside it as Bouncy’s slumbering form finally started to rise from slumber…

“Mmmth…. Morning, Meta…” Bouncy called, as she sat up from bed.

“Morning, Bouncy.” She called back, glancing around. “Did you have plans for today?”

There was a soft grumble, before Bouncy suddenly shot up from her bed.

“Ah, right! I did!” She called out quickly, as she rushed over to her closet. “I promised Keep I’d help out at the shop! I can’t be late! You wanna come along?”

Meta rolled her eyes slightly, as she averted her gaze from her as she started to get dressed, prompting her to feel the sensation of clothing being pulled over her body.

“I’m good, thanks.” she responded, flatly. “I’m not really in a mood to be ogled today. You go have fun though.”

Bouncy tugged on a comfortable T-shirt, and pulled on a flowing, knee-length skirt, along with some undergarments that Meta couldn’t see….(yet)

“Oh, okay. I’ll see you later then!” Bouncy called with a wave, leaving the shimmering figure of Meta alone, the door shutting quickly as she darted out.

A few moments of silence passed, before Meta could feel the first part of her plan kicking in….

Pang…

The preliminary stirs of a bladder, tingling at the ingested energy drink from a bit prior. Not one to let things remain a mystery for too long, Meta similarly lifted up her own skirt, peeking down to see what Bouncy had chosen for the day.

“Pink Polka dots today…..I see.”

They were white, and the dots were quite cute. It almost was a shame they were going to be soaked.

Meta went about to turn on the television as she settled down on the couch, using a touch of her corporeal time to turn on the television. This was a mild urge, but if she knew that perverse shopkeeper like she thought she did…..

….

“Bouncy, could you take this box over here?”

“Ah, on it!”

“Oh hey, could you bring me one of those packs?”

“Yeah, S..Sure!”

“Bouncy, I need some lands over here…”

“On it!”

The curvaceous girl was running back and forth at the shop as usual, with people calling her from every angle. She enjoyed going around, ferrying stuff back and forth with people….

“Here, Bouncy. I got your favorite.”

But most importantly, she enjoyed a special drink that Keep kept stocked, that she could never find on the shelves. A sort of grape-soda esque drink, with a refreshing kick.

“Oh, thank you Keep!”

Kssh-sh…

She cracked the can open, and started to chug the drink quickly, gulping loudly as she wiped her brow of the budding sweat…

Pang…..pang…

As her body tensed, and she jolted to attention.

‘Oh…Right…I forgot about that…’

She had been in such a rush waking up, she hadn’t gone to the bathroom before heading out. A single drink shouldn’t have been too much, but she still should…..

“Bouncy, I need a hand over here!”

“Ah, on it!”

She scurried towards the next person in need of help, pushing the thought down firmly as she continued her busy busy work….

‘I’ll get to it later…’

…..

After watching a few reruns, Meta felt it… Her next cue for her plan.

Pangpang…

A more aggressive stirring of her tank, which she knew was the second pang. This meant it was nearly time to enact her plan

“Okay, first up…” she started the kitchen to grab a glass, and check the time. Bouncy always seemed to help out for about two or three hours at Keep’s whenever she tagged along, and two hours had already passed. This meant she had to be careful about the timing…..

She took the glass, and quickly headed to the bathroom, not bothering to shut the door…At least, not yet.

Turning on the sink, she filled the glass and took it to her lips, sipping hurriedly as she did her best to quickly down it, eyes shifting to the hall as she stood in her base of operations.

Bouncy wasn’t back yet…. Meaning, she had time to kill before the show. So, Meta filled the glass once more, before shimmering back to her incorporeal state and ran a hand over her own waist…

Pang….pang..

“Okay…. Let’s see how this shakes out…” she thought out loud to herself, trying her best to mentally calculate the time. “If my guess is right, the shop should be in peak business hours…Which means…”

“O..Occupied…?”

Bouncy shifted from foot to foot as she gave the front of her skirt a tender press, crossing one leg over another…

“Ohhh.. It’s….It’s fine.. I’ll be okay…” She assured herself, moving away from the closed door to the counter. “Hey Keep, did you need anything else today?”

“Hm…?” the shopkeeper called, glancing her over. “Ah, no… That’ll be enough for today, Bouncy. Thanks again for the help.”

“N...No problem!” she quickly chimed in, bouncing from foot to foot. “I…I’m gonna head out then….”

“Ah, okay then…” he responded quietly, as the curvy figure darted out of the door, one of her hands dipping down to press at herself a bit more firmly. The urge had snuck up on her, but she wasn’t too far from her home. If she just made her way at a decent enough pace…

“Nnnn… Ohhh, yeah.. It’s working…” Meta groaned softly, feeling her knees knocking as she used some more of her precious corporeal time to tilt back the next glass, the sensation of liquid pouring down her throat making her whole body shudder in protest, before shimmering incorporeal again. She could feel the pressure, along with the erratic clenching of her lower muscles, clearly the efforts of Bouncy restraining herself. She could feel a few spikes of pressure, followed by quick dives in the strain, even if she kept her hands at her own sides, resisting the urge to hold herself openly.

Not that the sensation wouldn’t be welcomed, as pressure threatened to overflow… But, because it felt like a sort of accomplishment, just straining under her own willpower. Meta bounced in place, bending at the knees and pressing both of her legs together as she bit her lower lip, waiting….

“Mmmth… She’s gotta be feeling it now…” she groaned, softly. “So, the fact she hasn’t gone, means…”

“O…Out of order?” Bouncy’s voice cried out as she passed by a store she thought about entering, before seeing the bright yellow sign over the bathroom doors. Not even the men’s room was spared, as the clerk shook their head.

“Yeah, some hooligan stuffed a roll of toilet paper down the commodes. We gotta get all the water out, and just…ew…”

Bouncy’s thighs tensed up as she groaned, before starting back down the streets, glancing at the distance.

She wasn’t far from home now, but…

Pang…pang..pang..

The sensations were getting stronger, faster, and more frequent. She let out a soft groan as a hand went over her belly, feeling slightly bloated.

‘I just had one drink…’ she thought to herself, shuddering. ‘I know I didn’t go before i left for work, but…This is still a bit much…’

She gripped her polka-dot panties firmly as she kept scurrying her way home, intent on getting there before it was too late. The thought of going outside, with no tissues or such to wipe was…mortifying to say the least. Much less if someone she knew saw her….

Pssh…!

“Ah…! No… No…I can’t think about that right now…” she groaned, feeling a touch of warmth wet her fingers. “No, I gotta hurry…!”

…

Psssh…!

“Ah…! I..it’s started…” Meta grunted softly, as she pulled the black skirt over her waist, looking down at the light grey patch in the polka dot panties. The first of many leaks, to be sure. She could feel the mounting pressure, but she couldn’t let it out… No, not yet.

“Nnnnn…Gotta…hold it a bit longer..” She groaned to herself, finally letting her hands grip at her most personal area, applying some much-needed pressure, as she laid back against the bathroom door, in wait.

This would all be for nothing if she let it go too soon, and Bouncy wouldn’t get the full force of her revenge if she just forced it out. No, she wanted something a bit more…humiliating.

“Agh…No…Not s...stairs…”

Bouncy’s voice whined as she held both hands at her personal faucet, trying to part her legs as best she could without spilling over, as inch by inch…Step by step… Moment…by..moment….

She made her way up, feeling a cool sweat run down her back, as more warmth threatened to break and spray free of it’s private confines…

“Gnnn…Hnnn…Aghh…”

Psssh….psssh…

“Aghhh… C’mon…C’mon…. I’m so close…”

Through a herculean effort, Bouncy managed to make it up the staircase, and scurried down the next few doors to outside of her own place, when.

Clinkclink…

Her shaking hands went to pull out her own keys, only to accidentally fling them against the door. Her heart sank as they landed on the ground, necessitating the most dangerous of activities for her straining, aching bladder…

“Oh no….”

She had to bend over, and pick them up.

“Ah…..”

Meta could feel her body tensing and relaxing involuntarily as the wet spot on her panties started to slowly grow, losing the battle of inches bit by bit. She let out a soft groan, squatting down and burying her hands into her panty-clad crotch.

“Ghhhnn… Ohhhh, Ohhhh, This is baaaad…” she groaned to herself. “Ohhhh, it wants out baaaadly.”

She could almost feel herself starting to enjoy the sensation, when the sounds of scraping, and fumbling could be heard…

“Ghhh! Aghh…”

Bouncy’s less-than-graceful bend to grab the keys were met with a medley of pangs and psshes, as she could feel herself leaking more and more as she hastily grabbed the keys, and tried to press them into the slot.

“C’mon..C’mon…C’mon..Shoot…!”

She kept scraping the key against the doorlock, before it finally made purchase, slotting into the hole as she twisted with all of her might, undoing the lock. “Ah…! Yes! YES!”

Meta had to act fast. Standing back up, she shimmered with the last of her corporeal energy, and let her trembling, shaking legs do the work for her, kicking the bathroom door shut as her fingertips twisted the tiny little lock….

Ka-lick…

And she shimmered back into an incorporeal state, hiding inside the bathroom door. She grit her teeth, and did her best to steady her legs, as she could hear the door twisting open, and the cries of excitement from Bouncy…

“Okay…Okay, just gotta… Gotta.. Gotta…”

ShlkShlk…

The twisting of a doorknob, and the lack of give. Meta wished she could have seen the expression on Bouncy’s face, as all of the color drained from her face for a faint second, the realization of her situation no doubt hitting her all at once.

“W…What? What? No…! No!!!! No! This can’t be…how did it even….I can’t…! M..Meta…!”

Meta felt the slightest bit bad from this, but any negativity she had was quickly overwhelmed by a rush of pleasant sensation, as she could hear it in Bouncy’s voice…

An oddly pleasing mixture of fear, panic, and shame. She let her legs wobble and knock freely, before they buckled, and warmth started over her panties once more…

“M..Meta…! Meta…! Wh..where are you? I….Ohh.. I need.. I need to pee so badly, I… I…”

Meta had to cover her own mouth to stifle a groan of pleasure, the pressure and Bouncy’s pleas striking a chord with her body, making her forget all about the irritation from the bus incident, and any complaints she would have had about history or literature….

“M..Meta…! Meta please..! W…where are you? I’m… I can’t get into…. I….”

And then, it started….

Psssh…pssshpsssh…pssssshpssshpsshpsssh

The beginning of the end. Meta finally let her body relax as the opening chorus of urination began, warming, wetting, staining, and spraying all over her panties, then down her thighs….

It was a…surprisingly fierce stream, the way it forced out in multiple streams, each one feeling more violent and rushed than the last. Parting her knees, she knelt down in the bathroom, letting her whole body relax, and robbing Bouncy of any agency in restraining herself further, as the other girl’s voice called out.

“I…Ahhhhhhh…Ahhhhhhhhhhnnnnnnnn!!!!”

Bouncy’s skirt quickly darkened, the material clamping to her thighs as her panties were quickly flash-soaked, a crystal clear chorus of streams erupting from her own personal faucet, spraying and gushing wildly. All of her endurance felt like it was melting out of her body, forcing her to slowly slump to her knees, and then to the floor, as her face quickly flushed a deep, dark crimson…

Psssssh…pssshpssshpssshhhh

As her body finally, fully relaxed it’s held waters, and she began fully, completely, and utterly shaming herself, a mere few feet from a toilet. If only she hadn’t left the door closed, and it somehow got locked…..

Meta felt her whole body wind up, before expelling the same sensation just as quickly, leaving her out of breath as she fell back through the door, her ethereal body tumbling through Bouncy’s clenched thighs, giving her an up-front and personal view of the curvy girl’s greying polka dot panties, and wildly fierce stream. She couldn’t help but feel her own body flushing deeply at the view, and the sheer audacity of which she had ended up exposing herself.

Bouncy’s eyes had nearly squeezed shut, but not enough to completely shut out the view of the girl underneath her, as she felt her face burn brightly, even as it felt like her body was pumping out pints of piddle still.

“M..Meta..” she gasped softly, as the red haired girl looked up, panting through her nose (thankfully not having to feel Bouncy’s stream due to her incorporeal body).

“W…We’re going to need a locksmith..” Meta breathlessly said, wondering if she should explain what happened, or keep her abilities secret for just a little longer.

“Y…Yeah, so… So I’m gonna need someone to…. To come by, and…erm…unlock my bathroom….” Bouncy’s voice called out over the phone, twirling a lock of her hair as she blushed deeply. “I…If they could hurry too, that’d be um.. That’d be great.”

Meta pondered slightly if she should use her ability to turn tangible again, but the sheer sensation of such an explosive release was still fresh in her mind, and the thought of such a sensation again…

Pang…

The thought excited her more than she cared to admit, even as the aftereffects of a forceful accident resonated in her body. Though Bouncy could change clothes, and use the sink to wash herself off slightly, Meta couldn’t help but feel flustered at the sensation of wet garments sticking to her body, as Bouncy shifted from step to step, much less reserved than Meta.

“S…So… Um… How was Keep’s?” Meta asked, as Bouncy put the phone down, sighing slightly.

“It was…work as always.” She responded, quietly. “I had another of those Grape Specials he had, but…..It erm… I guess it went through me.”

“Yeah, I’ll say..” Meta mumbled, still feeling the stirring inside of her, as Bouncy paced back and forth.

“Nnnnghh… I know you’ve told me to be careful, but this one really was out of my hands, I swear!” Bouncy quickly defended herself. “And… I…I really tried! The bathrooms were busy, and I wasn’t gonna go outside, so….so..”

“Huh? Ah, no it’s… It’s okay.” Meta responded, quietly. “I…erm…It happens…. Accidents happen….Don’t they?”

Bouncy gave Meta a quizzical gaze, as she looked her up and down, as if suspecting something. Though, before she could continue her appraisal in earnest..

Rrrringrrring…

“Yes? You got a Locksmith?” she called out, before flinching. “Ah…? What do you mean three hours? I….Okay.. okay…S..sure…”

She hung up the phone nearly as soon as she answered it, feeling her face heat up slightly at the thought.

“Three hours, huh?” Meta mused, as the curvy girl averted her gaze.

“Ye…yeah. Apparently, they’re really busy today…” Bouncy muttered, as she began pacing again. Meta couldn’t quite read minds, but with the same gnawing sensation in her body, she had an idea….

“Well, there’s no way we’re holding it that long, is there?” Meta asked, prompting the buxom girl to blush deeply.

“W…what are you suggesting?” She asked, her knees pressing together, as Meta parted hers, lifting her damp skirt over her hips.

“Why don’t we just….you know? Let it go?” she offered, flushing. “I mean, unless you want to use the sink…”

“I…I wash my dishes there…” Bouncy quickly rebuffed, as Meta gave her a small grin.

“Oh, so should we just wet ourselves again?” she taunted, as she parted her knees. “I mean..I could go through the door and do it on the toilet, but you know that when one of us starts, the other....”

“N…No… No…” Bouncy rebuffed once more, as Meta felt something stirring inside of her.

As if through her own growing power, Meta could feel her body asserting it’s own state of desperation over Bouncy’s body, giving her the stronger sensation of ‘pull’ over their aching, weary bladder… As she let her eyes flutter closed.

“Meta, I’m not… Mmmmm…”

Psssh…sssh..sssh…

Bouncy’s protests were muffled by the splashing of another stream, far less intense than before….But, with a lot more impact for the red haired semi-corporeal spirit. She could feel the warmth pooling fresh in her panties, and the way that her skirt was clinging to her legs with renewed, pronounced dampness….

Something about it felt…..better than before. More prominent. More…exciting.

More surprisingly to her, was how Bouncy seemed to only be able to nod her head and comply with Meta’s request for them both to pee for a change as she sank onto the floor again, letting a small puddle flood out from underneath her. During all of her previous incidents, she could merely act as a catalyst to encourage relief, not full on invoke it as she just had. It was if something about their bond had changed....Or, maybe it was just something about her that was changing again.

Meta could hardly believe how easily she had commandeered the situation, as she looked down at her own semi-corporeal form in a sort of soft awe. It was a strange experience, having more direct control in their shared existence before, but....

Not an unwelcome feeling. Meta could feel herself grinning as she let her eyes flutter closed, and embraced the growing, soaking sensation as she leaned back once again….

It seemed that once again, Meta’s abilities had leveled up.

*007*2024-06-12 02:57

Another @Subaru

Commission here for everyone's perusal.

[Oops.]

“Hnnn…..Ahhhbn….mmth..”

Some soft groaning, and a bit of a shudder escaped her body, but she could feel a bit more relaxed as her phone buzzed.

“Ah, it's Bouncy…” she murmured to herself as she opened the message. Blonde hair trailed down her neck, tied in high ponytail as she thumbed open the message from her friend.

‘Hey Makita! We're still good for shopping today, rite?’

A small smile peeked out from her lips, as she tapped back a reply.

“Yeah Bouncy, I'm heading that way now. Don't go too crazy without me.”

Makita lightly closed her eyes, as she let out another tensed sigh, as she tried to ignore a small squabble of people around her, shouting and wailing in dismay.

‘What do you MEAN it just happened?!’

‘You're way too old to be doing that.’

‘Where did that even come from…?’

Making dared not to gaze back as she scurried away from the quickly devolving scenario, intent to avoid any potential accusers.

In truth, Makita knew all too well what was causing such a ruckus. She slightly winced as she thought about what had lead her into this situation….

A few days ago, Makita was scampering through the hallway of school, barreling past a myriad of other students, bumping shoulders, and gripping the front of her jeans tightly. It had been a long test period, coupled with her bus having ran too late to visit the bathroom beforehand lead to a strained situation…

“Outta my way, Emergency…!” she called out as she moved from group to group, before slamming the bathroom door open with her shoulder, and groaning in dismay.

“All occupied?! Shit…”

She was met with closed doors, coupled with a single, unassuming girl with glasses, shifting back and forth in place with long black hair, her own hands pressed against the front of her skirt. Makita grit her teeth as she glanced at the doors, noticing the black haired girl standing in the center. There were three doors…. One closer to her, one further from her, and the middle one. She wasn’t sure which would open, but if it was the one closer to her….

“P…Puh…Please hurry…” the black haired girl’s voice called out to the trio of stalls, which were met with abject silence…..Until..

“Alright… Just a sec.”

A loud flushing, followed by the door further from Makita opening up, a look of relief coming across the black haired girl’s face. The blonde sneered, watching….and waiting, until…

“Move…!”

“Ah…! H..Hey…!”

Makita didn’t want to weigh her chances, as she barreled past the smaller black haired girl, wedging herself into the half-opened door as the former occupant left, shutting the door in the other waiting girl’s face.

“I was here first! No cu..Cutting!” the girl’s voice protested, as Makita started unbuttoning her jeans after fastening the lock on the door.

“Sorry sweetie, emergency.” Makita remarked, tugging her jeans down in a swift motion and plopping down with a sigh.

“I….I…it’s an emergency for me too!” she could hear. “I…I’m…I’m already…”

“Then use the sink, if you gotta go that bad.” Makita snapped back as she relaxed herself, exhaling sharply.

Psssshhpssshpsssh

“I..If…If you don’t let me in….” the girl’s voice whimpered out. “I’ll.. I’ll… Cu..Curse you..!”

“Pfft, curse?” Makita chuckled, rolling her eyes. “I’ll be done in a minute. Just hold it.”

As she relaxed even more, she could hear one of the faucets running outside of the stall, leading her to believe the girl did in fact take her advice, and use the sink.

“I….In the name of Lady Saril…” she could hear as she felt her body starting to finish emptying. “I…I…Ohhhh…”

Sssshh…ggguhhsssshhhhhhh….

Makita chuckled slightly to herself as she relaxed, deciding to deliberately take her time for the clearly deluded girl to finish whatever chant she was, before exiting…As if trying to punish her back.

However, the next time she’d found herself trying to go to the bathroom, she’d been….surprised.

No matter how much she tried to relax herself, nothing wanted to come out. She could only feel the pressure mounting more and more, as throughout the day, she was forced to squirm, squeeze, clench, and hold on as long as possible….

And yet, even as she felt like she was going to explode, the sensation never truly left her….Until she stumbled past the cheerleader’s squad after a late practice.

“Ah….Ahhhnnn….”

She could feel the sensations of her bladder relaxing as the girls passed her by, prompting the girls to suddenly shift, squirm, and stagger their ways through the halls…. Going from prim and proper, to looking fit to pop in a matter of moments.

It seemed that whatever had afflicted her from the delusional girl’s words had forced her to endure enormous amounts of bladder pressure, which could only be sated when she was around others….At their expense.

“Hnnn..”

It had been about a week since she’d been ‘Cursed’, and though she still wasn’t clear on the conditions, Makita knew that she could endure it for a decent amount of time, before needing to find a group to associate with… And summarily, detonate, in the event of smaller tanks. She tried to gauge people’s conditions at a glance to not provoke other accidents, but since it wasn’t exactly a proper conversation to have with people, she was prone to misjudgments…

Pang…

Plus, she had trouble stopping once she started, much like actual, uncursed peeing. It tended to be all or nothing, with only a bit of a struggle on her front meaning the difference.

‘Well, at least it isn’t me wetting myself…’ she thought to herself as she made her way to the Mall, looking for her incredibly curvy friend.

“Maki! Over here!”

Makita didn’t need the girl’s exaggerated waves to pick her out of a crowd, but it was always refreshing to see Bouncy’s enthusiasm. Though she was the slightest bit jealous of the girl’s generous, distinguished figure, the way she smiled usually brushed away any such bitter thoughts from her head.

“Nice to see you, Bouncy.” She called as she approached her friend, who smiled back.

“Good to see you too, Maki Want some tea? Chacha’s just got some new stock…”

“Ah, well I’m..” she started, as the girl tugged her along.

“C’mon, let’s get some Boba My treat!”

It was nearly impossible to refuse the purple haired girl when she offered a kindness to you. Between her genuine enthusiasm and her purely positive intentions, Makita felt that even the most stone-hearted of people couldn’t refuse her, even if she asked for something completely morbid. She felt herself being lost in the girl’s gaze for a few moments, as a cup was handed to her.

“Ah, thank you..” she muttered softly, as she finally tuned into Bouncy’s excited ramblings.

“And well, even if he doesn’t like it, I know it’s good! Everyone else does.” she remarked, before taking a long sip of the tea. “Mmmm…. I love the sweetness…”

“Y..Yeah, me too.” Makita added, as she took several slow sips of her own drink. It was cool, refreshing, and sweet as Bouncy called. If she’d been a tad less distracted, she might have asked Bouncy what kind she had, but it wasn’t too important to her now…

Pang…

As her bladder, still frustrated with the previous half-assed relief, started to harass her anew. She pressed her legs together slightly as they walked, sipping slowly and politely.

Though Bouncy’s cup was tossed quickly, Makita’s lasted through the first few stores of window shopping, only stopping once they got to some fancy clothing stores.

“Wanna go try some stuff on?” Bouncy asked as she pointed towards one, prompting her to nod.

“Yeah, sure. Let’s go.” she added, as she felt the cup in her hand had finally been emptied.

‘I…can’t believeI just drank all that..’

She hadn’t intended to down the whole cup, given her condition on her bladder, but with the absent-mindedness of wandering with Bouncy…..

It was easy to get distracted.

“Hey, I think his top would look great on you!” the purple haired girl called, holding up a lavender blouse. “Or, maybe you’d be better with a red?”

“Well, I’m pretty fond of green myself…” Makita remarked, as she started to pull a few things off of some racks, trying to distract herself with something other than Bouncy’s figure.

“Oh, but I think you’d look great in purple. What size do you wear again?”

“I’m a medium…” she remarked, glancing over several garments, comparing them to her, and to Bouncy. There were several in smalls, and quite a decent amount of mediums, but a lack of larges. She wondered what size Bouncy wore, considering her…assets, as she let her mind wander again…

Psssshhhh…

Only to jolt back to attention as she felt her body letting out a short spray. Her hands went to her crotch, but no warmth spread across it, leading her to only one conclusion…

‘Oh.. Oh it’s going into her…’ she thought to herself with a slight flush, as she crossed her legs, and started to thumb through the racks a bit more restlessly, as if speeding through the pages of a book. The tea, coupled with the incomplete release earlier, was taking a stand on her bladder…. And she didn’t dare falter just when she got to hang out with her friend.

“I wanna try some of these on, why don’t you come with me?” Bouncy called as Makita snapped her head back up to attention, nodding slightly.

“Ah…Sure! Let’s see how it looks on you.”

She steeled her lower muscles as she followed the curvy girl to the back near the fitting rooms, and leaned against the walls.

“No peeking now!” Bouncy teased as the door shut, and Makita gave a polite grin…

Pang…pang..

As her bladder ached dully, and she tried to stand as far away as possible. She wasn’t sure about the range of said curse, but the idea of forcing her friend to do something so shameful was….flustering, to say the least. She could feel her body trembling slightly, and quivering in pent-up need….But, it seemed like things were going to be okay…

Psssshhh

Right up until the door opened, and Bouncy came out in a crop top with some black jeans, posing.

“How do I look?” She mused as she made a silly pose, prompting Makita to gasp softly, before stammering.

“Y..You look great as always….!” She added. “I..I mean, that top looks kind of tight…”

“Yeah, it…It kinda is.” Bouncy added, tugging it outward a bit. “I…I should size up again soon. And these jeans are a bit…snug. Maybe another skirt instead…”

Sssssh..

While Makita was busy trying to corral her bladder’s mild rampage, Bouncy suddenly felt herself jekring to attention, glancing around slightly.

‘Oof…Must be squeezing my tank too…’ she thought to herself, as she quickly backed into the room. ‘I didn’t realize I’d have to pee that soon after drinking…’

She usually had an hour or so before Nature started knocking, so it was a bit worrying, but Bouncy shrugged it off as she doffed the jeans, and switched back to her own T-shirt again. ‘Well, it should be fine..’

Bouncy came out in a few pairs of shorts, and then several miniskirts, one of which barely covered her own rear and black panties, before deciding against buying them, and merely going to return them to the shelves.

“Ah well. Worth a shot.” she added, as she glanced over at her friend. “Hey Maki, you doing okay? You didn’t try anything on.”

“Hwah? O..Oh, just… nothing in my style, that’s all.” Makita called, waving her hand in the air. “C’mon… Let’s get to the next store!”

“Alrighty, sure! I heard there was a great game store nearby….”

In spite of her resistance, Makita couldn’t help but feel the urge slowly mounting as they passed through store after store, stall after stall, shop after shop….

It was a gnawing urge, quickly turning into an insistent problem that was demanding attention. Though she felt too embarrassed to ask her friend to stop, every other place they visited, she could feel herself loosing a light spray or two into either Bouncy’s bladder, or the clerk’s….As she kept valiantly struggling to contain herself, without letting it slip how badly the urge was.

What started as some light tensing of her thighs, had grown to shifting from foot to foot. Foot to foot eventually devolved to bending slightly whenever Bouncy was looking the other way, and when that stopped being effective, she found herself pressing herself up against countertops, and then, crossing her legs over one another whenever they paused. Her walking was the last thing to finally suffer, as what started as a steady pace had stunted to an awkward shuffle, before finally, the buxom girl turned on her heels, and gave a concerned look to Makita.

“Hey..You know, we can go to the bathroom, if you need to.” she added. “I mean, I kinda gotta go too. Don’t want you to…ya’know..”

“I can’t..” Makita called, quietly. “Even if I….I couldn’t…”

“Huh..? What’s that mean?” Bouncy called, as Makita froze.

“I…erm..”

“Did…did you need me to carry you, or something..?” she asked, as Makita quickly turned beet red, and shook her head.

“N..No, nonono, No need to carry, honest..!” She added. “I…I just mean…I wouldn’t be able to wet even if I….Ya know?”

There was a sudden silence, as Bouncy tilted her head.

“I….erm….I don’t.” She added. “But…did something happen? You know you can talk to me about anything, Maki.”

The silence invaded once more, as the blonde swore silently under her breath.

“I…..” she started, as she looked into the buxom girl’s eyes once again. What she had remarked as pure, enthusiastic eyes, had turned into a solemn, worried expression. The way she gave her such a quiet, sorrowful, yet comforting gaze….

“I…..I…”

It wasn’t fair. Bouncy’s gaze was too strong…. It felt like trying to dodge the subject would be a sin she could never repent from….

Psssh…pssshhh…

Plus, given she was the primary victim in her own troubled tinkle situation, and a dear friend…. Makita could only struggle for so long…

“Well, you see…” she started, quietly. “The other day, I…”

And, like to a preacher at a confessional, she told her friend everything. (Or at least, everything she could guess, from her experiences). How she’d had to pee very badly that one day, how she’d cut in line to avoid wetting herself, and how some black haired girl had ‘Cursed’ her. She felt herself blushing as she talked about the first incident…And then the second, and third… Leading into the full story of what she could only guess.

How she’d be unable to go, unless she was around other people…. How she felt like she couldn’t quite release everything she held in without causing an incident…. And how, in spite of that, she wanted to still hang out with her friend. Though she worried the purple haired girl would scoff at the idea of the supernatural being involved in any such fashion, or that she’d be ridiculed for something so obviously fantastical, and delusional as a ‘Curse’, Bouncy merely nodded quietly, accepting it all.

“I see… Well, that’s quite a curse..” Bouncy remarked. “And…while cutting in line for the bathrooms was kind of mean, I feel like this was kind of uncalled for.”

She could sense some reassurance from the girl as she held a slightly firm gaze for a moment, as if reprimanding her, but then assuring her in the same breath with a smile.

“C’mon, we should get to a bathroom.” Bouncy assured her. “If it only works through another person, then you could probably empty out if I stayed close enough, right?”

“Y..Yeah. That uh… That seems like it’d work.” Makita assumed. “I usually wander off when it…erm…affects others too much, but maybe if you’re close enough by…”

“Then, let’s go.” Bouncy added, gesturing towards the restrooms with that same, pleasant smile. Makita nodded, as she started after her, in a staggered half-step once anew.

It was a bit of a struggle to make it across the mall to the bathrooms, but eventually the duo approached the closed door to relief, with Bouncy still moving at a steady pace, compared to Makita, who struggled to keep pace in a full blown, knee-knocked stagger.

‘At least with Bouncy’s help, I should be able to….’ she thought as the purple haired girl pushed open the door….Only to gasp in shock.

“O…Oh…”

Because, while there were nearly double the stalls in the Mall bathroom compared to the schools, there was also a medley of other girls, easily a dozen or so.

“Hhhhnnnnghh.. Hurry up…!” One girl snapped, pressing a hand to her skirt.

“Aggghh… I’m leaking..! Let me in…!” another girl pleaded, banging on the bathroom door.

“Geez, you shouldn’t push yourself until it’s this bad..”

“Oh, stuff it…!”

Makita could see Bouncy tense up, before just sighing, and making her way into the bathroom. She followed suit, groaning as she leaned against the wall, seeing one of the doors open.

“Phew… That was close.” a blue haired girl called, before nearly being flattened by the pleading girl who shoved her way in.

“Hey, don’t leave without me!” another girl, with green hair, called to the blue haired one, who moved out of the crowd, and to the sinks.

“I’ll wait, don’t worry.” she assured her friend, as Makita continued to bob and squirm…

‘S…So many girls..’ she thought to herself, as she held herself a bit tighter. ‘If I ended up letting go now….. Oh, no…no, I can’t…!’

Psssssh….psssshhh

She could feel her body trying to betray her, forcing out what felt like another shameful, strained squirt, before she noticed something that made her eyes go wide, and her face pale.

It wasn’t just Bouncy who shifted at the sudden leak, but every girl she could see suddenly twitched, a few buckled, and some even let out soft gasps of shock.

“Ah… Ahhhh.. I…I’m leaking…I’m leaking..!”

“Ohhh… Mmmmmghhh.. Nonono, I can’t…”

“Fff.f..fuck, not now….! I’m so close…”

“O..Oh no..” she muttered.

“W..what?” Bouncy added, starting to shift and bounce in place. “Something wrong? Are…are you losing it…?”

“Y..Yeah, but…” she added, dropping her voice to a whisper. “i…erm..I thought it….it would divvy up when there were multiple people..”

“I mean, that would make sense, right…?” Bouncy added, as Makita shook her head.

“I…I just lost a little, but it looks like everyone felt it…” she added. “And… math may not be my strong suit, but…If it was just a little spray, this many others wouldn’t…”

Bouncy’s eyes went wide at this, before another sound could be heard.

Ssshhhsssshhhsssshhhh..

“Aghh…Ffff…fuck….Trash can…” one girl snapped, staggering to position herself above the bathroom trash can, before a fierce stream started to gush out, spraying full-force into the can. “Fffff…fffffffffuck, that’s…. I’m…Nnnghhh..!”

The sudden noise made each girl groan in need, knees knocking, and legs buckling under the noisy temptation, provoking them into similar strands of shame…

Pssssh….psssh…psssshpsssh..

“Aghhh..Ahh..” Makita shuddered, as she felt her bladder starting to insist upon it’s content’s expulsion, prompting another wave of shudders, groans, and wails.

“Ahhh.. hey..hey, hurry..! I..I’m…I’m losing it!”

“Nnnghh… No…Th..these are my best shorts…!”

“Ohhhhh…I..I gotta save my panties at least…”

Several sputters, sprays, and gushes soon developed from this, as several other girls began their shaming, as the girl at the trash can finally felt herself easing up.

“Ohhhhh.. Ohhhh…Fuck, that was….intense..”

“M..Maki..?” Bouncy asked, squeezing her eyes shut for a few seconds, but Makita couldn’t even witness the strain on her face….

No, she could think of one thing…

Pssssh…pssssshhh…

And one thing only. The growing, gnawing, pressured system in her lower body.

Psssssssssh….pssssssshsssppssshppsssshhhhpsssshhpsss..

Was finally, fully, for the first time in a week, releasing…. And no amount of clenching, squeezing, or stifling seemed to be able to stem the flow. Though she couldn’t feel the warmth escaping her body directly, the way other girl’s streams started to intensify….The way Bouncy shifted to a hunched over state….. The way the trash-can girl suddenly hopped back onto the can…. And the way the blue haired girl suddenly started to squirm and shift anew, staggering back into line….

“Ah….I must not have…”

She could only watch on in abject horror as the girls started to, one by one, suddenly coat the bathroom floor in pent up, pressured pisses, skirts darkening…. Panties dampening… Jeans and shorts being soaked deluges of shame…..

One by one, every unfamiliar girl slowly started to shame themselves… Some squatted down, some slumped against the walls, one with her hands futilely buried into her personal faucet as she tried to force her way into one of the stalls….

Until the gnawing, fighting sensation of Makita’s bladder finally fully relaxed, and for the first time in a week, she felt truly, and fully… emptied.

Which was more than could be said for her buxom purple haired friend, who had both hands buried in her skirt….Her eyes squeezed shut, knees crossed over one another, and teeth clenched tightly shut….

Several flushes could be heard after the cascade of noisy gushes and sprays, as the doors to the bathroom stalls were opening….

“It…It…It’s open…” one of the girls called, as Makita turned to Bouncy.

“It…It’s open…” She called, breathlessly. “You..You can go….”

Silence….

“Erm…Bouncy…?”

Makita looked her friend over once more, starting at her strained face, and working down. Her arms were squeezing her ample bosom, as if emphasizing it, while her hands gripped her crotch tightly…..

Yet, as Makita’s gaze lingered a moment longer, she could see why her friend wasn’t responding…

Psssssssh…psssssssssh…pssssshpssshhpsssh

Though she had endured the audio torture that was the dozen girls all relieving themselves, and she had taken the full-force of Makita’s own ailing bladder throughout the day, it seemed she’d finally truly hit her limit…

“Ahhh… Ahhhhhhnnnn….”

As several short sprays quickly turned into a shuddering, waterfall-like spray of pent up liquid, as swiftly and steadily, the last bladder finally started to empty it’s contents all over the bathroom floor.

Pssssshssssssssspsssssshpssssssssshpsssssh

The way her body trembled, jerked, and shuddered as she could only stand there and helplessly piss herself, Makita could only feel entranced, her gaze watching every subtle movement, and every little detail of dismay that was exposed by her curvy friend’s body…. Coupled with the deep red flush of relief as the stream eventually quelled, calmed, and halted it’s flow…..

‘That…..That was…weirdly….Hot.’

The Janitor was going to have a big job ahead of them today.

*008*2024-06-12 04:03

And have another @Subaru

Commission because why not.

Train Trouble:

“Hold the door! Hold the door!!!!”

A voice cried out as the curvy figure of Bouncy came darting across the station, scampering, stretching out, and reaching for the quickly departing train cart….

And just barely managing to squeeze into the doors, slumping over as she panted loudly.

“Oh man… Oh… Ohhhh, that was too close.”

“I told you that we didn’t have time for the third ‘Bottoms up’ drink, even if it was on the house.” A chiding voice called flatly, as the slender, red haired figure of Meta apprated next to her, translucent as ever, as she folded her arms over one another.

“Aha…. Well, I made it, right?” Bouncy quipped back, glancing around the mostly empty train. She let out a sigh of relief, before plopping down on one of the seats, panting lightly. “Now I just need to….Mmmth…To take it easy for a bit, while I catch my breath…”

“Y…Yeah…”

Even if Meta didn’t have to do the running, she could feel the same level of exhaustion from Bouncy due to their shared sensations, as she slumped against the side of the train. A few moments later, it started up, and Meta glanced down at her own wrist, as if wearing a watch (Which she wasn’t). “So, ‘bout another hour until we get home, yeah?”

“Hm? Oh, yeah..” Bouncy called, pulling out her phone and glancing over it. “The train was actually running a bit late, so we’ll probably be…”

And, as she brought it up, the intercom cracked to life, as a voice rang out.

“We sincerely apologize for the delays, everyone. We will be departing shortly.” a tinny voice called out. “Please keep behind the yellow line as the train departs.”

There was the sound of the engine huffing, before Bouncy could feel the train slowly hefting to a start, pulling out of the station and heading towards their destination, slowly.

There weren’t very many stops on her path home, being the third one from where she arrived, but she didn’t think she’d have any issues.

‘One close call with missing the train is enough excitement for one day…’ Bouncy thought to herself, as she finally felt herself regaining her breath, prompting her to glance around once more. ‘And I mean, it’s not like I forgot anything at the shop. I didn’t, right?’

She patted herself down, making sure she had her things. Wallet, cards, bag…. All present, and accounted for. She could finally just kick back, and rela-

Pang….

A slight stir that prompted her to straighten her sitting posture, as Bouncy glanced down at her lower belly, feeling it…

The first call of nature, politely knocking at her doors.

“You forgot to go before we left.” Meta chided as well, as if completing her thought about what she could have forgotten at the shop. Bouncy gave a nervous chuckle, as she rubbed the back of her head.

“Ahaha, well, it’s okay. It’s only gonna be like, an hour, right?” She added. “And, I mean… We can always just..”

Bouncy hopped to her feet and started to move to the back of the train car, before noticing a big, hastily scrawled sign hanging over the cabin leading to the bathroom.

‘Toilets Out of Order. Sorry.’

The paper was slightly crumpled, and taped to the door frame with some clear scotch, clearly a rush job from someone else. As she reached for the door handle, it didn’t budge…. Signaling it was completely locked off.

“Oh….Well, it’s just an hour.” She lightly remarked, as she moved back.

“It’ll be fine.” Meta added, assuring her as she gave the sign the side-eye. “Honestly though, you think they’d have something more official than this. It’s kind of shoddy, you know?”

Bouncy just moved back to her side of the train, standing up and stretching slightly as she tried to take her mind off of the slowly gnawing pressure in her body.

“We’ll be home before we know it…”

She proceeded to think about the fun they had had before this, hanging out, playing cards, and trying out the new special at Keep’s shop. “Bottoms up.” It was a fruity, incredibly sweet beverage that grew in intensity the more you downed at once. If you tried to casually sip at it, it was about as flavorful as old chewing gum, but if you took big gulps, it was sweeter than some of the fruity candy she’d ever had, and with surprisingly few calories, and low-sugar.

‘Not that I’m particularly worried about it…’ she thought to herself, as a hand went over her belly. She thankfully didn’t have to worry as much about her weight, but her friends had all made a game of seeing who could down the drinks the most intensely. While some of them took a few gulps before being overwhelmed with the flavor, while others could barely handle more than a few dry, bland sips…. She prided herself on being able to handle intense flavors….

So, with the encouragement of her friends, and her pride on the line, she knocked back the whole bottle in one continued breath, chugging it down and wiping her face like a professional, exhaling sharply. She wondered how many ounces of liquid there were in one bottle, and as such how much it would…

Pang….pang…

The second, troubling knock from her tank. She instinctively crossed her legs as she let out a small groan, feeling a bit of pressure spiking into her bladder.

Whatever it was, she had ingested three bottles of said drink, which was a bit more than most people would ever think to have in one sitting…..But, she didn’t mind. She thumbed back to her phone, as she glanced at the time.

“Just fifty more minutes, and we’ll be…” she started, before the train suddenly screeched to a halt, the intercom crackling to life, making her grip one of the handrails tightly to keep herself standing.

‘We Sincerely Apologize to our passengers, but we must make an unscheduled stop as part of our routine maintenance. Please, remain patient and in your cabins until we can resume travel.’

Bouncy let out a soft whimper as the sounds of a ‘Delay’ almost made her feel like her bladder would start working in overtime, as she felt what she judged as the remnants of the first bottle finally emptying into her bladder.

“Great, just what we need.” Meta snapped, glaring out the window. “Stupid Delays…”

Her legs were pressed together tightly as she stood, yet refused to give into the urge to squirm about, as Bouncy moved to sit back down, resting her hands in her lap.

“It’s fine! This kind of thing happens all the time! We’ll be moving again soon, I’m sure.”

Her optimism was rewarded a few minutes later, as the train slowly started to move again, just as Meta finally couldn’t resisting shifting back and forth from her standing position…. Prompting a quick sigh of relief.

“Finally…” Meta remarked flatly, pacing a bit back and forth in place as she felt the urge gnawing at her, no doubt the second drink starting to fill their systems.

“Phew….Fifty minutes…” Bouncy told herself again after the brief delay, standing back up as she paced about the car again, trying to take her mind off of the sensation growing in her body again.

‘Just gotta not think about it… ‘ she told herself. ‘Think about strategies… About new cards… About Anyth-”

A thought interrupted as the train, nearly as soon as it started, suddenly careened to a stop again, this time sending her falling to the ground gracelessly, as the intercom roared to life.

“We apologize once again for the sudden stop. We’ve encountered another problem with the engine. We will be delayed for a bit longer.”

Bouncy groaned as she started to pick herself up, blushing slightly as her legs crossed over one another, the sudden jarring making the urge feel that much worse as she had to apply some pressure to the front of her skirt with her hand upon standing up.

What she originally felt was the beginning of the second bottle, had suddenly grown to feeling like the whole bottle nesting itself into her bladder, as she rocked back and forth upon standing, moving over to her seat and plopping back down for safety, squeezing her legs tightly.

“Ugh, they better actually fix it this time..” Meta snapped venomously, as Bouncy’s knees bounced slightly in her seat.

“it…It’ll be fine, ahah…” She mused. “Just… just another little delay, that’s all..”

She took the time to try and steady her breathing, and squeezed her most intimate place, willing back the upcoming tides as she tried not to count the minutes…. Shifting, squirming, and squeezing as she prayed futilely for the third bottle to delay it’s way through her body the way the train had been.

After an agonizing ten minutes of silent straining, the train’s engine started to roar to life anew, taking off once again.

“Finally, jeez…” Meta spat, now at the point where she couldn’t resist squirming and shifting from foot to foot openly, as Bouncy dared not to relax with even a sigh at this point, feeling the aching sensation in her lower body grow by the minute.

“H…Hooray…!” she cheered as she tensed, leaning back and squeezing her legs together as the ride continued, giving them a brief reprieve with the knowledge that they were once again, finally moving towards their destination….

The destination of proper relief.

After twenty minutes of unobstructed passage, the train pulled into the first station, prompting Bouncy to perk up, only to settle back down.

“That’s… That’s the first stop..” she called, gazing wistfully out to the station… as the Intercom called out the first stop, followed by another announcement.

“Due to our delays, we will be taking off earlier than expected to remedy our schedule. We apologize to our passengers once again for the troubles..”

Bouncy shifted in her seat as Meta glanced outwards, but saw Bouncy shake her head.

“I want to, but we’ll miss it if we go out now..” she added. “It’s just thirty more minutes…. We can wait…”

“You sure we can…?” Meta asked once more, before the train started moving anew, the doors having closed almost as soon as they opened since there were no other passengers getting on. Bouncy squeezed her legs tighter and inhaled deeply, trying to keep her mind off of the growing, nagging, urgent panging in her lower body, as she kept whispering to herself.

‘Thirty more…Thirty more…Thirty more..’

Though, no more than ten minutes into the ride, the train started to screech to a halt once more, Prompting her to brace herself to keep from shifting into a dangerous position….The intercom crackling to life.

‘Passengers, we apologize for the delay, but we have an obstruction on the tracks. Please wait, as it is cleared.’

Bouncy let out a soft whine at this, squirming a bit more noticeably than before as she felt the urge spiking once more….Before Meta suddenly moved closer to her.

“You know….I mean, there’s not really a lot of people here..” Meta started, prompting Bouncy to look up to her.

“Huh..? What are you…”

“I mean, there’s not a lot of people here that can see us… Well, you. And, well… It’s…. It’s getting kind of bad, right..?” Meta added, averting her gaze, as she pretended to look at the other passenger. “But….I mean, we could maybe… Get away with a little…”

“A…A little what…?” Bouncy asked cautiously, her thighs tensing up as if she could feel where Meta’s thought was going.

“Well, your skirt’s pretty dark…” Meta reminded her. “And…well, I mean… If there was just a…just a little bit of wetness, nobody would know, right? It could be sweat, after all..”

Bouncy blushed brightly at the thought, as she glanced over at the inattentive passenger, before dropping her voice.

“Are you saying… We should do it…on purpose?” she asked incredulously, as Meta shook her head.

“No! Well, not….Not completely.” Meta added quickly, glancing about the cabin. “But…I mean, if you move about some…. And if you just let…a little out here and there… It’d probably dry up before anyone could tell. And, even if it didn’t, it’d just be like sweat, wouldn’t it?”

“I…but still..” Bouncy added, blushing deeply as she thought about how much longer the train could be delayed, and how badly the third bottle was going to feel when it started to fill her bladder. “Just….Just a little, right….?”

Meta nodded slightly, her hands pressed to the front of her skirt as well.

“Just a little…Just to make it easier to make it home.” Meta added. “Then, just get up and move to the other side like nothing happened… And, it’ll… It’ll all be fine, right?”

“R…RIght..”

Bouncy was unsure, but Meta had rarely coached her wrong before, and with something this…delicate, she was ready to try just about anything. She pulled her bag to her lap and squeezed her eyes shut, letting her lower body relax for a scant few seconds…

Pss…psss…

The short spray of warmth that coated her panties prompted her to quickly suppress a gasp, as letting out a little pressure was quite pleasant to feel…. But, trying to clench off the flow as readily was troublesome…. As she squeezed her legs together tightly to strangle off the flow.

Ss….ssss…

There was a steady amount of warmth on her inner thighs, but she felt her skirt could catch it as she pushed it down between her legs and stood up, feeling the leaking sensation stop… But, the warmth clinging to her inner thighs. It felt… good.. So good to get just a little relief, but she knew she couldn’t let it keep flowing, or it wouldn’t stop.

“Ohhh…. Ffff…fuck that felt good..” Meta added, as the train finally started to move anew, prompting a small smile from the girl. “Ahh, and we’re back on! Thank God…”

Bouncy gave a tensed smile as she glanced back at the small puddle where she had been sitting, quickly shifting to the other side of the train as she sat back down and squeezed her legs together, resuming her arduous hold. The brief lapse in control felt so pleasant, but she mustn’t let it continue… No, she had to keep holding it again…

“T…Twenty more minutes..” she remarked as her face kept burning whenever her eyes glanced over where she’d previously sat, shocked that she’d actually peed a little, on purpose, on the train.

It was an emergency, and just a little, but it still made her feel flustered….As she looked down at her phone again.

Soon enough, there was another skid to a halt, but Bouncy was prepared, bracing herself as the train slowly came to a stop once more.

“Passengers, we apologize once more, but…”

Bouncy didn’t even listen to the new excuse for pausing as she felt the urge spiking once more, before glancing up at Meta with a flustered, pleading look.

The red haired spirit gave a small nod, as both girls closed their eyes, and loosened their lower muscles for a scant few seconds once more…

Psss..pssssshh…

It was a much more liberating feeling, letting it spray out for a few more seconds, but Bouncy had to pull back the urge after a few more seconds, feeling the whole inner part of her skirt growing wet as her panties were definitely soaked.

“Ohhh, that felt so good..” Meta groaned as Bouncy bit her lip, pressing her hand directly into the wet spot to forcibly stymie the flow before it could get too out of hand.

It was a lovely feeling, and she could almost feel like her bladder was relenting in it’s advance on her dignity, but she couldn’t let it all out still..

No…there was still just a bit more to go, until they were home, and she could let it all out. She idly felt a lewd desire to let herself go with her panties still on when she got home, but she still had to wait out this arduous delay once more.

Soon enough, the train started again, and she felt herself tensing up a bit more… Guarding her body’s instinct to finish the job she started, before the train made a slow stop into the next station.

“Another delay…?” Meta snapped, before the intercom called off.

“Passengers, we have arrived at….”

Bouncy let out a small sigh of relief as their only other passenger left the train doors, as she gleaned out at the station, knowing that they were only one stop away from being on their home street.

Bouncy gave a small smile at thinking of the bathrooms she couldn’t go into without risking missing the train, and decided to let her body relax again for a few seconds….

Pssssh…psssssh…

As the sensation tickled her body all over, warmth pooling into her seat as she let out a contented, pleased sigh.

“Ohhhh… Ohhh, just one more stop..” she added as Meta let out a strained groan as well, smirking.

“Just a bit more..” She added. “Though, you should probably move if you’re going to do that again, or it’ll be way too obvious.”

Bouncy flushed slightly before nodding, picking herself back up again…

Sssh…sssh..

And having to bury her hands into her skirt once more, to halt the flow that started to sneak out from the shift in gravity, making her groan a bit.

“Ohhhh… Ohhhh, That’s…” she started as the train called out their next stop…. Prompting her to squeeze herself tightly, and bend at the knees.

The sensation kept calling, nagging, and banging at her lower door’s entrance, but she halted it with pure willpower…. Even as trickles trailed down her thighs.

“Mmmmthh.. Ohhh it’s…It’s getting bad…” Meta remarked with a slightly huffy voice, now squirming openly and holding both hands at her skirt. “Ohhhh… If I even hear the word “Delay” once more…”

Both girls were panting, struggling, and straining as the train kept going along….

Ten minutes left…. Nine….Eight….Seven…

“Mmmthhh…”

The train started to stop once more, as Bouncy let out a frustrated groan.

“N…Not again…” she groaned, as the intercom crackled, but she could only concentrate on the psssh..psssshhh that escaped as if on cue, prompting her to buckle down, and squat, burying both hands in her skirt as she tried to manually squeeze off the flow. Her fingers were graced with several sprays of warmth, and she could only barely hear the sounds of the train as she forced….shoved… pushed back the feeling for an agonizing few minutes….Barely noticing as the train started moving once again, as time ticked down…

Six….five….four…three minutes left…

Psssh…pssshpsssh…Psssshhhh..

Two…..one….

Bouncy and Meta both could only feebly buckle as the sigh of their home station could finally be made out in the distance, and yet…

Psssh…pssshhhhhhhh…pssssssshppssshpssshpsssh…

Both girls could only slowly succumb to the growing, gushing, explosive sensation of their strained, struggled piddle, as it finally broke down the dam of their resistances, and both girls started to hopelessly, helplessly gush all over the train car’s floor, a massive deluge that couldn’t be mistaken for a spilled beverage or something formed beneath both of their bodies, Bouncy’s face flushed a deep red as her whole body slumped, and shuddered with the overwhelming sensation of pleasant shame.

“Ohhhh….Ohhhhh…We finally…arrived..” She breathlessly said to Meta, who slumped back against the closed bathroom door.

“Y…You could say that again..”

*010*2024-06-12 12:29

{{56 minutes ago, Rob Lucci said:

Fandon Fanction One Piece?

}}

I know of One piece characters. Depending on which ones would be whether i could write something of them or not.

*012*2024-06-12 16:43

{{3 hours ago, Rob Lucci said:

Character Rob Lucci CP9/CP0

Do you know who he is?

}}

Negative.

*015*2024-07-08 20:37

And here we have another commission, from an Anonymous commissioner.

A story featuring two original characters.

Here's to those who can enjoy!

###

Ba-bump…Ba-bump…Ba-bump…

Jack’s heart was beating a bit faster than he’d ever admit as he waited at the cafe, glancing around absentmindedly as he attempted to take his mind off of what was about to happen.

It had been a few weeks coming, but he finally managed to muster up the courage to ask out his coworker, the beautiful black haired girl, Ellen. While her skin was immaculate, and her figure was a perfect middle ground of curvy and slender, there was another reason he expressed interest in Ellen…Borne of whispers of his colleagues.

‘Remember that big party we had after inventory last year? Everyone got wasted, but Ellen drank our CEO under the table!’

‘Ellen’s such a diligent worker. Remember that time half the shift called in, and she stood on the sales floor for seven hours straight? I think I’d die if I was on my feet that long.’

‘Man, remember when the septic tank overflowed that one week? I don’t know how anyone managed to keep it together without a working bathroom, but I guess some people found their ways.’

All tangential stories that he’d heard, but at the center of them all, the very black haired girl he was preparing to meet up with. Ellen was a beautiful girl, for sure…But, Jack’s fascination lied in something that most people wouldn’t expect to see from others: Her supposed ability to.. Endure for lengthy periods of time. The whispers and stories of Ellen going so long without breaks of any kind, coupled with the usual knowledge of how often someone tended to visit the facilities during their shifts….

‘Maybe she’s just really good at sneaking off..’ Jack lightly thought to himself, as if trying to preemptively let himself down gently. ‘Of course, most people don’t usually think about piss the moment a lack of breaks comes up….Nnngh..’

He could never actually, actively admit his interest to anyone about that. No, he had to focus. A waitress brought him the coffee he ordered, as the bell above the door suddenly rang out, calling his attention.

“Ah…!”

There she was, standing in the doorway. Amber eyes glanced over at him, before softening as she gave him a light wave. Jack’s heart skipped a beat as Ellen turned around, moving to the line for her own order.

‘Okay…Calm down, and take a drink. Don’t be nervous. It’s just a coffee date. It’ll be fine.’ he thought to himself, trying to psych himself up before they’d talk. Just as he was starting to figure out what to say, the decision was made for him.

“Sorry I’m a little late, had to let the plumber in today.” Ellen excused, giving a small smile.

“Ah? Oh, it’s fine..” Jack answered back, nervously as he tried to think of a way to follow up the subject. “Was it serious?”

“Nah, just a little leak under the sink.” Ellen added, as she took her seat across from him. “Had to turn off the water for about an hour. What a rough way to wake up, ya’know? I couldn’t even have my second morning cup.”

“O..Oh?” he added, before taking a sip of his own drink. “Well, I guess it’s a good thing we met up here.”

“Uh huh, yeah.” Ellen added as the waitress brought over her own cup, prompting Ellen to take a long slurp. “So, what do you like to do when we’re not corralling customers and herding the masses along the lanes?”

Jack could feel himself finally starting to relax, as if shifting into ‘Off-the-clock’ mode in regards to the remark about work.

“Ah, not too much.” He added, lightly. “I like movies, checking out big rocks at the museum, occasionally hitting up the arcades or the bowling alleys. Maybe go swimming when it gets too hot out. You know, just the usual kind of stuff.”

“Ahhh, I love arcades.” Ellen chimed in, as she took another long slurp. “I’m sure I can top all of your high scores, easy.”

“Oho, you wanna bet?” he chided back, feeling a touch of competitiveness seeping into him.

“Yeah, bring it on, Jackie boy!”

It was…surprising how laid back Ellen seemed to be. Even if it turned out that her penchant for holding was nothing more than hearsay, Jack still felt it was quite enjoyable to hang out with her. She laughed at his jokes, and told a few raunchy ones back at him to catch him off guard as well. The two traded horror stories of some of the more…unique customers they had helped over the course of their careers, and just as the lunch rush was about to start, Jack noticed something…intriguing.

“Um…when did you get another drink?” He asked quietly, as Ellen glanced down at her cup, and gave a slight shrug.

“Eh, it’s only my third one here.” She added, now sipping rather than prominently slurping. “The clerks always give me a good deal, and it’s good. So what?”

“Ah, nothing.” he quickly retorted, glancing to a particularly interesting window as he tried not to let the information process too long.

‘Three cups? And…if she couldn’t have her second cup, that means she still had one before…right?’

His mind danced about with questions he dare not answer, as people started to pour into the cafe. Ellen smiled warmly, before standing up quietly.

“Well, this was nice Jack. We’ll need to do this again sometime.” she mused, giving him a pleasant grin. “Perhaps somewhere with less people…. Or maybe more, if you’d like.”

All of Jack’s willpower went into suppressing a slight blush as he gave a nervous chuckle, and nodded.

“Yeah. Next time, we’ll go to the movies or somethin.” he added, as Ellen’s eyes lit up.

“Ooooh…There are some I’ve been waiting to see…”

With plans for the future in tow, the two parted ways, as Jack couldn’t help but glance up a the ladie’s bathroom. He expected Ellen to dip in after having so much to drink, but to his surprise, she just paid for her drinks and went about her way. Part of him wanted to follow her, but the idea of painting himself as a creep, coupled with a dose of common sense kept him from following her, as he idly pondered the legitimacy of Ellen’s control.

It was a few days later that they’d decided they’d meet up for their second date. A trip to the movies, to see the latest action film: Revengers: Time Four The End.

Ellen seemed pretty excited about such an action-packed movie, though Jack himself hadn’t seen the previous film, opting instead to read a synopsis a few days prior to brief himself on it. He could recall something about a great evil, and the heroes of ‘Many Earths’ protecting it, but it still ran together in his head, as he sat outside the movie theater, a few minutes early.

“It’s been a while since I’ve been to the movies..” He idly murmured to himself, noticing a decent crowd of people hovering about, chattering excitedly about a mixture of the….Indomitable Hunk, and Scor?

He faintly recalled the names of several heroes, and a few people even came dressed up, but he didn’t have the confidence (Or the time) to do as such himself, before noticing a hand waving him down.

“Yoohoo! Jack! Over here!”

Ellen’s voice called out from the line, beckoning him over to pick up their tickets. He was a bit surprised, given he himself was ten minutes early, but he gave an easy smile and walked on over next to her.

“Hey. Didn’t keep you waiting, did I?” he asked, prompting a quick shake of her head.

“Nah, I just got here a bit ago to get us good seats.” Ellen replied, handing him a ticket. “Now c’mon, let’s get some refreshments.”

Almost as soon as he’d approached the counter she’d tugged him to the side, the smell of fresh butter filling his nose.

“Ah, I haven’t had popcorn in ages…” He lighty mused, as Ellen chuckled.

“They put a bit more salt than some people like here, but I like it a lot.” She added, as they only had to wait behind one person. Soon enough, the clerk called over.

“What can I get you?”

Naturally, he had to take the lead here, as he glanced over the size of the buckets, before answering.

“We’ll take two large popcorns, and I’ll take a…medium cola. What do you want, Ellen?”

“Ooooh, Get me an extra large! It’s only 20 cents more, and it’s like, double the size!”

“Alright then, an extra large for her…”

“Would you like to upgrade to a large yourself? It’s only 10 cents up.” The clerk inquired readily, no doubt having pitched it frequently throughout his days.

“....Eh, sure.” Jack conceded, as the clerk gave him the total, took his money, and quickly prepped the order. As the two waited, Jack glanced over to the side, seeing quite a queue for the bathrooms, as he turned back to Ellen.

“Crowded today, huh?” he mused offhandedly, as she glanced over.

“Oh yeah, it’s been like that all day.” she noted. “Even when I got here, the last screening just finished, and people were swarming the place. I mean, it is a three hour movie, and it sucks if you miss any of it.”

Jack quickly and quietly suppressed the thoughts that were provoked by that, as he gave a small nod.

“Yeah…Especially since there’s no intermissions or such..” he half-heartedly stumbled away from the topic, as the clerk thankfully came back with their order.

“Woah, you weren’t kidding…” he noticed as he handed the extra-large to Ellen, his wrist tensing as he handed her the gargantuan beverage. She chuckled, and quickly pulled the straw from their tray, as she started to sip.

“Saves me the trouble of leaving to refill it, usually” She noted. “Now c’mon, let’s go get our seats.”

The Theater was quite cozy once they got away from the thick crowd, as the two of them quickly moved about, getting to their spots in a timely fashion. Surprisingly, in spite of the crowds, Ellen had picked an ideal spot for them to settle in, where the large screen could be seen without Jack having to crane his neck at all.

Truly, Ellen was an experience cinephile of the highest degree.

“Well, we’ve got about ten minutes before it starts.” she mused, as she took her seat, slurping away at her drink. “Might as well have some pre-movie popcorn..”

“Agreed.” he called, as he scooped a handful of it in, and flinched slightly. A small cough found it’s way out, as he felt his throat drying almost immediately. “W…Wow, you weren’t kidding about the salt..” he remarked, as Ellen chuckled.

“That’s why you gotta pregame with some soda.” she taught, taking another long slurp of her beverage. “Makes it go down much smoother.”

Grasping for the straw, Jack quickly remedied the salty situation with cool, refreshing cola, as he then ensured he was careful with his popcorn to soda ratio.

‘Gonna have to practice that…’ he thought, as people slowly started to file in for the movie. There was a hefty crowd of people, but mercifully, nobody immediately flanking him or Ellen, as the lights started to dim. It must have been close to time for the movie to start.

Just as Jack started to get comfortable though, Ellen quickly leaned in close, as if she was about to kiss his cheek….With a small whisper.

“Jaaaaack…” she cooed in a hushed, sensual tone that made Jack’s heart skip a beat. “Could you….go get me a refill real quick? Before the ads stop running?”

He froze for a whole second, before giving a small nod.

“Ahaha, yeah…Sure Ellen.” he responded, masking any potential disappointment in his voice as he took the cup from Ellen.

“Thanksies!” she added, before he felt her lips pressing to his cheek, alleviating any disappointment he had as he stood up and made his way back to the concession counter, feeling all aflutter from the affection, only coming back down after the clerk handed him back the cup.

“Oof…”

It caught him off guard how much liquid the ‘Extra Large’ was, not to mention the fact it had been emptied over such a short period of time. Glancing over at the bathrooms, the line had finally eased down to a mere two or three people, leading him to think on his way back.

‘If the bathrooms were even busier when Ellen got here, and they were crazy when I did….’ he thought, letting his mind wander a bit. ‘...Then, does that mean she tried to go beforehand too?’

He quickly dashed the thoughts from his mind as he made his way back to the seat, just as the movie’s title card dropped, settling the beverage down next to Ellen.

“Did I make it..?” he asked, as her hand brushed over his when she grasped the drink.

“You did. Movie just started.” she answered. “I’ll try to ration this one out, so you don’t gotta go again, okay?”

He thought again about the cheek kiss of gratitude, and was thankful the dark of the movie theater could hide the slight flushing of his cheeks.

“O…Okay.”

As far as movies went, Jack found it quite exciting. The actors carried their roles well, the plot was easy enough to follow, even for someone who wasn’t a mega fan (Like himself), and the villain seemed quite imposing. There was a slight lull in the buildup as the movie followed a sort of b-plot that seemed to focus on an ongoing running joke throughout the series, when Jack noticed quite a lot of people stumbling about in the dark, heading out as quietly as possible.

It had been a while, to the point Jack felt like about half of the movie had gone by…With his own popcorn stores having depleted to about halfway, and his own drink was running on near empty, with naught but cubes remaining. He glanced over at Ellen’s bowl, noticing it to be near empty, as he leaned in to whisper.

“I’m gonna get a refill. You want some of my popcorn?” he asked quietly, as the dark haired girl dared not to take her eyes away from the screen, nodding.

“Sure, yeah. Can you get me a refill too?” she asked, thumbing her cup to him. While it wasn’t completely empty, it still had about a third of beverage remaining as he took it, handing her his own bucket of popcorn as he moved back out for refreshments.

The vast majority of people he saw moving between the theaters were all going to the now seemingly-empty bathrooms, clearly relishing in the mid-movie oasis. He went to get refills for the drinks again, heading back as he idly pondered how Ellen was holding up. She had a great deal more than most people he’d seen, and they still had half the movie to go.

‘Is this the power of a superfan?’ he thought to himself as he quietly returned to his seat, Ellen taking the cup greedily as she slurped anew.

“Too much popcorn at once?” he lightly teased as she chuckled softly, earning a few glares from other fans as the two went silent for the duration of the movie.

The heroes won at a great personal cost, but it was nevertheless a victory, with a small twist at the end that lined things up for a sequel. The lights came on and people started to quickly filter out as Ellen and Jack both stood up, the black haired girl beaming.

“Mannnnn! That bit at the end, with Gungir! What a twist!” she called out. “I can’t believe he could use it! I mean…”

“Yeah, seriously. I can’t wait for the next one.” Jack added, thinking about the final clash with the villain as they started out, glancing over at the bathrooms. “Jeez…speaking of can’t wait..”

He now had an impression of what Ellen saw, as people were absolutely swarming the bathrooms, crowded shoulder to shoulder as they argued. Though he didn’t have a particularly urgent need, he could sense the plight others were going through even from a distance.

“Ugh, I know, right?” Ellen added. “They’re always like this after movies. I mean, I could for a break too, but with this line?”

Jack clenched his thumb into his hand as she said this, inadvertently glancing over Ellen’s form for some telltale signs….But, unable to pick up anything too out of the ordinary. Was her stance different? Was she biting her lip slightly?

“Yeah, I get you…” he mindlessly added, as she just tugged him along from the noisy theater, back out into the world.

It had grown dark over the course of the movie, as Jack turned to Ellen.

“I’ll take you home, if you want.” he offered, prompting her to give him a bright grin.

“I Just live around the corner. Short walk.” She added, gesturing over the hill.

“Well, do you wanna save yourself the walk?” he asked, as she paused, before shrugging.

“Alright, I s’ppose.”

She wasn’t exaggerating, the drive was only a few minutes away. During those precious minutes, Jack kept glancing for any telltale signs of Ellen’s predicament with all of those sodas, but aside from a slight shift in the seat, and her crossing her legs over one another (That he couldn’t guarantee was an urge and not just a habit), he couldn’t gather anything different about her status, and before he knew it…

“Here’s my stop.” she called as he snapped out of it and pulled over, getting out of the car, and opening her door as well.

“Let me walk you to your door.” he added as well, prompting another chuckle from Ellen.

“Ooooh, what a gentleman..” she mused, standing and moving to his side as he walked her to the outside of her home. There was a light silence over the two, as she eventually piped up to break it.

“I had a lot of fun tonight.” She mused, with a warm smile. “Sorry for making you my gopher during the movie.”

“Ah, no worries.” Jack replied, trying to keep his gaze on her, and not averting it out of nerves. “We’ll have to watch it again sometime, like when it comes to dvd.”

“”I’d like that a lot.” Ellen mused with another smile, as she turned to the door, and gripped the handle. “See you tomorrow, Jack?”

“Y..Yeah. I’ll see you tomorrow, Ellen.” He responded, as she opened the door, before stepping back and giving him another kiss on the cheek, before scurrying back inside in silence.

Jack had…certainly enjoyed the movie, though he would have to get home soon if it meant making it to work on time tomorrow….

About a week later, Jack found himself dressed to the nines anew as he waited outside of Ellen’s house, glancing down at his watch.

He was early again, but only by five minutes or so as he thumbed out his phone, letting her know of his arrival. He could feel his heart racing slightly again as he took a few steadying breaths, hearing the tone of his phone getting a message.

‘Be out inna bit! -Ellen.’

He chuckled quietly to himself as he glanced around the neighborhood, the afternoon sky hanging overhead with a delightful amber hue, before he could see her door opening, and..

“Oh my..”

Wearing a striking red dress, and with the sound of clacking heels filling the silence, Ellen quickly darted over with a bright grin.

“Oooh, looking sharp, Jackie.” she mused, leaning up to kiss his cheek anew. “So, where are we going tonight?”

“Well..” Jack called, smiling at the kiss, but familiar with it over the course of the last few days’ worth. “It’s just a little place over by the ocean…”

Ellen gasped, before chuckling slightly, as she elbowed him softly.

“You sly… That’s why you wanted me to dress up!” She called out, as if catching him in some indecent act. “Well, at least now I know I’m not overdressed.”

He opened the door for Ellen once more, before getting into his own vehicle and driving them along to the edge of town, where a high-class dining restaurant was awaiting their arrival. There were a scant few couples here and there, dining on Lobsters, steaks, and other high-class meals, as the two of them were escorted to their seats, prompting their waiter to arrive shortly.

“Would you like some wine to start off your night?” he asked, as Jack gave a small, polite nod.

“Yes sir, We’ll have…Two bottles of red, if you don’t mind.” he asked, as the Waiter nodded, and left the two alone for a time, giving Jack time to look over Ellen in earnest.

She had a lovely red dress that accentuated her perfect figure, with a deep rouge choker covering her neck slightly. She had her hair down, brushing over both shoulders, and only the faintest of blush over her blemish-free face. She lightly twirled some of her hair in her fingers as she seemed to be checking him out as well, before the Waiter returned with the bottles.

“Here you are, good sir. Two of our finest Cabernet Sauvignon.”

Two glasses were set down as well, as he poured the two their initial drinks.

“Have you decided on your orders already?”

Jack gave Ellen the go ahead to order whatever she liked as he went with a fancy-sounding steak, taking a quick sip of the wine as Ellen ordered some kind of seafood. No sooner did the waiter leave, did Ellen pour another glass of wine, prompting him to momentarily double-take.

‘When did she have time to drink the first one?’ he thought to himself in surprise, as the two shared a longing glance again, before breaking the ice.

“So, anything new going on?” he asked her lightly, as her own signature chuckle rang out, lightly shaking her head.

“Oh, nothing too exciting.” she mused. “That plumber had to come back again. Turns out, the whole waterline had been damaged a while ago, but they only just found where it started. I’d only just managed to get the chance to get my shower in before I got your message.”

“Ahhhh, I see.” Jack responded quietly, idly thinking about if Ellen had only been able to shower, or if she’d had other issues beforehand. A thought dashed quickly as he took a sip of wine to stifle the impulses just as readily as they’d arrive.

The two had a delightful bit of small talk about work, upcoming movies, and the upcoming break they’d both have, thinking about places they’d want to go, before their food was brought out to them. A thick, juicy steak, and some succulent seafood.

“Ah, before you go!” Ellen called out to the waiter. “Could you open our other bottle? We’ve been going through the first one kind of fast.”

The waiter gave a bemused chortle, as Jack glanced over the other bottle.

While he was feeling a bit of a buzz, Ellen had taken the majority of the bottle, leaving him to wonder a bit more just how she felt.

It was….A touch harder to put away the thoughts with his mind under the influence slightly, but focusing on dinner was enough to keep him from blurting out anything haphazard, as Ellen was the one to break the silence again.

“Mmmmthh….man, this outfit’s kinda hard to move in..” She called. “And these heels are….Mmm…They make walking…difficult. Especially if you’re in a hurry…”

He quietly pushed down the thoughts once more as the two continued on their meal, finishing their food and the second bottle of wine, before the check arrived.

Jack left a generous tip as Ellen leaned against him, lightly clinging to his arm as the two moved, swaying slightly.

“Mmmm.. That was a good dinner…” She mused to Jack, who gave a small laugh, feeling his head lightly spinning.

“Yeah….Yeah, it was.” He added, as Ellen leaned in closer to him.

“Ohh…I might have drank too much…” She groaned softly. “Walking’s…Tough…Damn..heels.”

“Ah..? Do you need me to walk you to the bathroom..?” he asked, as Ellen gave a cute pout, and shook her head.

“Nuuu…No, I’m fine…..I can hold it..” she murmured. “Just..Let me lean on you a bit…”

He could feel his face flushing some more as Ellen’s grip felt like iron, holding him firm. He thought about his own state of being, and could only fathom how Ellen was, as he thumbed out his phone with his free hand, and went the responsible route.

“I’ll….get us an uber home.” he remarked, slightly. “Don’t…want to drive like this.”

He was confident he wasn’t too buzzed, but part of him hoped that Ellen wouldn’t question it, as he kind of liked how clingy she was like this, as she gave her usual chuckle, followed by a warmer smile.

“Dat sounds good…”

A short time later, their ride arrived, and after talking it over with the staff, Jack ensured they wouldn’t tow his vehicle before he could pick it up the next day, before the couple started their way back to Ellen’s house first, Ellen constantly pressed against him in a half-lulled stupor.

“Mmm…Jackie…Jackie…Jackie…” She mumbled with a glazed look on her face. “Danks for dinner….and the wine..”

“Mmmmth… No problem, Ellen..” he replied back with a flushed smile of his own as she sounded out her familiar chuckle, a noise that warmed his heart.

“Mmmm… I wuvs yew, Jackie..”

Jack could feel his heart beating a little faster at this, as the black-haired girl looked up at him with her cute, pouty face.

“Do you wuvs me too?” she asked, as he nodded.

“Yes, I wuvs yew too, Ellen.” he answered, prompting the pout to melt into a smile, as she rested against him the rest of the way back.

The walk back to her house was surprisingly uneventful, as even after so much wine, Ellen seemed to be able to walk in a straight line without any problems, as Jack ensured she wouldn’t fall or snap her heels, getting a few chances to look over her body for any signs of potential weakness, or faltering. (Purely for her safety, of course).

“I’ll s..see you tomorrow, Jackie…” She called, leaning in for another kiss. “Wuvs yew.”

“Wuvs yew too, Ellen.” he responded back as he leaned in for her kiss, eyes glancing down. He wasn’t sure if it was because of the wine in his system, or if it was genuine, but he could swear that her belly was slightly swollen under the dress, presumably from all of the wine and such.

Despite pushing the thoughts down, the two parted ways, and he took the uber the way home, intent on a deep sleep that night.

….

“C’mon Jackie, Let’s move!”

It was a bright, bright morning a few weeks later as the two were on their latest trip, a day-trip to the beach. Jack loaded the towels, basket, umbrellas, and other things into the back of his car, as he moved to the drivers seat.

“Alright my Passenger princess.” he mused. “We’re ready. Where do you want to get breakfast?”

“Hmm…Been a while since I’ve had Chicks-a-Lay.”

Ellen was surprisingly decisive about where she wanted to eat, which was a massive relief for Jack. He’d constantly heard others joke about never eating anywhere when they were asking their own significant others, so having someone who knew what they wanted was a welcome relief.

He pulled up to the drive through and started their order, intent on getting something light. Except of course, for…

“And a large Cola!” Ellen chimed in, as he nodded.

“And two large colas, and a large Mango tea.”

She never asked for two colas, but he knew her all too well by now. Ellen was a hefty drinker, be it in alcohol, or otherwise. If he didn’t order her a second one, she’d always plead or beg him for some of his, and though he always relented, given they had quite a drive to the beach, he figured he should be prepared. Even with other drinks in the back for when they got there, it would keep him from needing to pull over again.

And sure enough, about halfway up the road to the beach…

“Hey Jaaaccckiieeee…”

There it was. She always drug his name out like that whenever she wanted something. And, given the repeated slurping he’d heard over the past few minutes, even after eating their food.

“Fine, but just a bit.” he called, thumbing the cup of his own mango tea to her, as she gave that heartwarming chuckle.

“Love you, Jackie.” she mused as she took a few, restrained sips, prompting him to internally chuckle as he kept driving.

Today was a big day. They were going to the beach, after all… And, the thought of seeing Ellen in a swimsuit was, of course, appealing…. Though, more than that, a faint curiosity stirred within him as they were pulling up.

In spite of the past few dates leading to a few…situations that would stall out one’s chances to utilize the bathrooms, Jack had always noticed that Ellen didn’t seem to make a move for one. Granted, their dates didn’t tend to persist too dangerously past a few hours or so, but given this was a day trip…

‘This’ll probably be the day….’ he thought nefariously to himself. ‘The day I can see Ellen in…that kind of state.’

On top of the drinks they had prior, he had procured several other beverages, along with the usual beachgoing stuff, and even a nice watermelon for them to smash and eat. He’d read somewhere that watermelon had a sort of diuretic effect on a person…. Though, he’d always just known it to be a refreshing treat on a hot summer’s day, the idea could never truly slip his mind, as they arrived at the beach, prompting Ellen to grab her own bag, and dart out.

“I’ll go ahead, and get changed! You get us a good spot.” She called out as Jack nodded and waved, glancing over the beach.

There were a set of changing rooms, though given that the only commodes seemed to be port-a-potties in the opposite direction, he could only assume that when she finally had too much, she’d have to head in that direction.

Thankfully, he only had to take off his own shirt, given the swim trunks he had, and go find a good spot on the beach, away from the crowded entrance and other facilities.

“This spot seems good..”

He’d laid out his blanket and set up the umbrella, moving to pop open the cooler for a few drinks of his own as he sat….

“Oooh, me too, Jackie.”

Only to be greeted almost immediately after popping the tab by his girlfriend. His eyes glanced over her incredible figure, a two piece bikini that drew his eyes in quickly, before being brought back by her signature chuckle.

“You look…great, Ellen.” he sounded gratefully, as Ellen pressed an ice-cold can of cola to his cheek.

“You’re all flushed, Jackie.” She teased, the chill running down his spine not-at-all related to her swimsuit. He stammered out a response as she cracked the tab on her drink.

“I…erm…ah…I..”

“Ahaha, C’mon, let’s go.”

It took him a bit to truly process Ellen’s gentle figure, with sizable (But not excessive) curves, and a prominent rear. They moved to the ocean to splash about for a bit, as Ellen suddenly froze.

“Ah….Jackie, I forgot…!” She called, prompting him to pause as well. What did she forget? Was it…

“Sunscreen! Could you help me put some on?”

His pulse quieted down once more as the illicit, heated thoughts were stifled, before he gave a small nod.

“Yeah, sure. I can help.” he added, still flushed from the heat as they moved back to the towels, and he readied himself up.

“Now, watch the hands Jackie.” Ellen teased. “You know what parts I’m talking about.”

“Yeah yeah, I know Ellen.” he called as she turned his back on him prompting him to rub the sunscreen onto her neck and back. Ellen shivered slightly, but started to apply her own to her lovely legs, thighs, and arms, slowly sliding down to her belly.

Jack felt the draw of said belly, knowing that with the sodas and tea in her, she would probably have a noticeable distant if he’d squeezed around there, but deciding to behave, he merely rubbing all along her back, ensuring that it’d be protected…..

Wa-Smack

Before bringing his hand down over her rear, prompting her to arch forward and let out a soft squeak.

“Eep! Jackie, you perv!” She taunted back, wiggling slightly as she moved away. “I knew you couldn’t be trusted!”

Jack laughed a bit louder than he expected, shaking his head.

“Well, when you’re just waving it around in front of me.”

The two bantered for a bit about his intrusive thoughts having won, before resuming their activities, moving on to swimming for a bit before getting roped into a round of beach volleyball with some strangers.

Jack wasn’t particularly good, but Ellen kept up with several leaps and spikes, while keeping their team alive with a few strong serves, as Jack occasionally stole glances at the porta-potties a short distance away.

“Man….It really comes in waves, doesn’t it?” he called, gesturing over as Ellen turned, and shrugged.

“Yeah, but I guess it’s better than people just peeing all over the beach.” She added, offhandedly. “I remember one time when I was younger, I saw this lady just…..Well, you know, right into the sand. Said the porta-potties were absolutely filthy, and she wasn’t going in there.”

Jack nodded at this, shuddering to think about the state they would be in. He was always careful to balance out his own drinking, but the way Ellen kept haphazardly throwing them back….

He had to stuff the thoughts back down as he missed an easy return, earning him a light reprimand from Ellen as the game eventually lead to a narrow loss, prompting him to apologize to Ellen to try harder next time.

“Ah, it wasn’t bad for your first time.” she defended. “So, what’s the watermelon for?”

“Oh, right!”

It was a game he’d seen people do in a few videos online. Like a pinata, they’d smack open a watermelon with a stick, blindfolded. Gathering the people to do so wasn’t an issue, but it was surprisingly harder to get to than he’d expected.

Though a few people had asked to join in, it seemed the only one with enough coordination without sight to make contact was Ellen, who split it after a few good whacks. Jack marvelled at her spatial awareness as they sat down with the remains of the Melon, eating slowly and relishing in the refreshing taste.

Though the crowds mostly dispersed as the day went on, Jack could still feel the warmth of the afternoon sun bearing down on them as the slight stirring of his own bodily urges was finally catching up.

‘Guess there’s some truth fo that diuretic stuff after all..’ he thought to himself as Ellen tossed out some trash, prompting him to wave slightly.

“I’m gonna go check the porta-potties real quick.” He sheepishly called to her, as she gave a small nod.

“Let me know how bad it is.” She answered as he moved to the doors, waiting behind only a few people before…

‘....Eugh…’

Yeah, that wasn’t happening. The only thing worse than the appearance was the smell coming out of them. Coupled with the heat, and people’s blatant disregard for public decency…. No. He’d be fine. He wasn’t about to bother.

“The verdict is, ‘Ew.’” he called as he went back to Ellen, who gave a slight pout.

“‘Ew’? Ugh, that’s annoying.” She groaned, her legs pressing together. “I kinda have to go right now, but…’Ew…’”

He could see her legs pressing together lightly, as he gestured over his shoulder.

“Should we go then?” he asked, as Ellen paused…before shaking her head.

“No, I wanna build a sand castle first. Can we?”

“Oh, um… Sure. Let’s.”

Jack was a bit surprised that she wanted to squeeze a little more into their day, even if it meant delaying a bathroom visit…. The first she’d actually admitted to needing. In spite of her plight however, she seemed to keep a steady hand as they worked diligently, creating a sizable, respectable castle in the sand, before the tides could come in and wash it away.

“And… There! Darn it, I wish I brought my phone..” Ellen quietly remarked, as Jack grinned.

“Good thing I did, then!” he called, moving to their spot and pulling his out. “I’ll get a good picture, and send it to you later!”

“Oh, My Hero!” She mused. “Thanks Jackie! I knew I could count on you!”

A quick few photos later, and the two could only marvel at their handiwork, noticing the sun starting to dip over the horizon, as they both looked over.

“Well…Looks like our beach trip is over.” Jack remarked quietly, as Ellen leaned against him.

“Yeah…I guess it is.” Ellen added. “Hey, Jackie?”

He turned quietly to gaze at her again, but was quickly surprised by a warm, loving kiss on the lips, as she wrapped her arms around him in a tight embrace. He paused, before kissing her back and wrapping his own arms around her, pulling her in for a hug as well.

She was…warm. Her skin was….soft. And, as the two held the kiss for a bit, they eventually broke it off, as Ellen wiggled out of his grip slightly.

“Well, shall we get back then?” Ellen added with a slight blush, as Jack nodded.

“Y..Yeah. Let’s.”

They gathered their things anew, moving back to the car as Jack glanced over at the porta-potties.

“You wanna see if they got cleaned?” he asked her, as Ellen shook her head.

“Nuh-uh…Don’t want my last memory of the beach to be.. ‘Ew.’” she answered, lightly shifting as she paced. He could only feel his heart racing at this point, though he wasn’t sure if it was entirely because of the idea of her being desperate, or if it was just fondly remembering the day.

Ellen didn’t change back to her regular clothes, opting to keep the bikini as he packed his things away, and drove the two of them home.

He could almost swear she’d given a slight squirm or shift as they went down the road, passing gas station by gas station, thinking about asking her if she wanted him to stop, but never bringing it fully to attention. After all, if she really had to go, she’d ask him to stop…right? The two filled the silence on the drive with casual talk about work, or upcoming restaurants and movies, never settling on a particular topic, but never letting the silence linger long.

Too soon it felt, they arrived outside of Ellen’s house, pulling over and moving to open her door, giving her a warm smile as he always did.

“I had a lot of fun today, Ellen.” he called, holding out his hand for her to take. “We’ll have to do this again sometime.”

Ellen gave her familiar, warming chuckle as she took his hand, climbing out of the car with a grin.

“You can just ask to see me in a swimsuit again if you want.” She teased. “You don’t gotta take me out to the beach for that next time.”

He blushed slightly, prompting Ellen to giggle at this, before leaning up to kiss him once more, before pulling back after a few moments.

“I had a lot of fun today too, Jackie.” she mused. “We’ll have to do something even funner next time.”

“F..Funner..?” Jack could only stammer, before feeling Ellen’s hand smacking at his own backside, prompting the return of her chuckle. “H..Hey! You Perv, Ellen!”

“Goodnight, Jackie!” She called, retreating to her door as she wiggled her bikini-clad bottom tauntingly at him. “Love you!”

Jack rubbed his own backside as he thumbed to his phone, sending the pictures he’d taken of their sandcastle, especially one shot that had her in the background of it.

“Love you too, Ellen.”

*017*2024-07-09 02:00

{{2 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Will there be a part 2?

}}

If it gets commissioned, and I'm not stressing my mind out over getting a new job, maybe.

