Faust's Commissions Thread

Author: AuthorFaust

*008*2024-06-12 04:03

And have another @Subaru

Commission because why not.

Train Trouble:

“Hold the door! Hold the door!!!!”

A voice cried out as the curvy figure of Bouncy came darting across the station, scampering, stretching out, and reaching for the quickly departing train cart….

And just barely managing to squeeze into the doors, slumping over as she panted loudly.

“Oh man… Oh… Ohhhh, that was too close.”

“I told you that we didn’t have time for the third ‘Bottoms up’ drink, even if it was on the house.” A chiding voice called flatly, as the slender, red haired figure of Meta apprated next to her, translucent as ever, as she folded her arms over one another.

“Aha…. Well, I made it, right?” Bouncy quipped back, glancing around the mostly empty train. She let out a sigh of relief, before plopping down on one of the seats, panting lightly. “Now I just need to….Mmmth…To take it easy for a bit, while I catch my breath…”

“Y…Yeah…”

Even if Meta didn’t have to do the running, she could feel the same level of exhaustion from Bouncy due to their shared sensations, as she slumped against the side of the train. A few moments later, it started up, and Meta glanced down at her own wrist, as if wearing a watch (Which she wasn’t). “So, ‘bout another hour until we get home, yeah?”

“Hm? Oh, yeah..” Bouncy called, pulling out her phone and glancing over it. “The train was actually running a bit late, so we’ll probably be…”

And, as she brought it up, the intercom cracked to life, as a voice rang out.

“We sincerely apologize for the delays, everyone. We will be departing shortly.” a tinny voice called out. “Please keep behind the yellow line as the train departs.”

There was the sound of the engine huffing, before Bouncy could feel the train slowly hefting to a start, pulling out of the station and heading towards their destination, slowly.

There weren’t very many stops on her path home, being the third one from where she arrived, but she didn’t think she’d have any issues.

‘One close call with missing the train is enough excitement for one day…’ Bouncy thought to herself, as she finally felt herself regaining her breath, prompting her to glance around once more. ‘And I mean, it’s not like I forgot anything at the shop. I didn’t, right?’

She patted herself down, making sure she had her things. Wallet, cards, bag…. All present, and accounted for. She could finally just kick back, and rela-

Pang….

A slight stir that prompted her to straighten her sitting posture, as Bouncy glanced down at her lower belly, feeling it…

The first call of nature, politely knocking at her doors.

“You forgot to go before we left.” Meta chided as well, as if completing her thought about what she could have forgotten at the shop. Bouncy gave a nervous chuckle, as she rubbed the back of her head.

“Ahaha, well, it’s okay. It’s only gonna be like, an hour, right?” She added. “And, I mean… We can always just..”

Bouncy hopped to her feet and started to move to the back of the train car, before noticing a big, hastily scrawled sign hanging over the cabin leading to the bathroom.

‘Toilets Out of Order. Sorry.’

The paper was slightly crumpled, and taped to the door frame with some clear scotch, clearly a rush job from someone else. As she reached for the door handle, it didn’t budge…. Signaling it was completely locked off.

“Oh….Well, it’s just an hour.” She lightly remarked, as she moved back.

“It’ll be fine.” Meta added, assuring her as she gave the sign the side-eye. “Honestly though, you think they’d have something more official than this. It’s kind of shoddy, you know?”

Bouncy just moved back to her side of the train, standing up and stretching slightly as she tried to take her mind off of the slowly gnawing pressure in her body.

“We’ll be home before we know it…”

She proceeded to think about the fun they had had before this, hanging out, playing cards, and trying out the new special at Keep’s shop. “Bottoms up.” It was a fruity, incredibly sweet beverage that grew in intensity the more you downed at once. If you tried to casually sip at it, it was about as flavorful as old chewing gum, but if you took big gulps, it was sweeter than some of the fruity candy she’d ever had, and with surprisingly few calories, and low-sugar.

‘Not that I’m particularly worried about it…’ she thought to herself, as a hand went over her belly. She thankfully didn’t have to worry as much about her weight, but her friends had all made a game of seeing who could down the drinks the most intensely. While some of them took a few gulps before being overwhelmed with the flavor, while others could barely handle more than a few dry, bland sips…. She prided herself on being able to handle intense flavors….

So, with the encouragement of her friends, and her pride on the line, she knocked back the whole bottle in one continued breath, chugging it down and wiping her face like a professional, exhaling sharply. She wondered how many ounces of liquid there were in one bottle, and as such how much it would…

Pang….pang…

The second, troubling knock from her tank. She instinctively crossed her legs as she let out a small groan, feeling a bit of pressure spiking into her bladder.

Whatever it was, she had ingested three bottles of said drink, which was a bit more than most people would ever think to have in one sitting…..But, she didn’t mind. She thumbed back to her phone, as she glanced at the time.

“Just fifty more minutes, and we’ll be…” she started, before the train suddenly screeched to a halt, the intercom crackling to life, making her grip one of the handrails tightly to keep herself standing.

‘We Sincerely Apologize to our passengers, but we must make an unscheduled stop as part of our routine maintenance. Please, remain patient and in your cabins until we can resume travel.’

Bouncy let out a soft whimper as the sounds of a ‘Delay’ almost made her feel like her bladder would start working in overtime, as she felt what she judged as the remnants of the first bottle finally emptying into her bladder.

“Great, just what we need.” Meta snapped, glaring out the window. “Stupid Delays…”

Her legs were pressed together tightly as she stood, yet refused to give into the urge to squirm about, as Bouncy moved to sit back down, resting her hands in her lap.

“It’s fine! This kind of thing happens all the time! We’ll be moving again soon, I’m sure.”

Her optimism was rewarded a few minutes later, as the train slowly started to move again, just as Meta finally couldn’t resisting shifting back and forth from her standing position…. Prompting a quick sigh of relief.

“Finally…” Meta remarked flatly, pacing a bit back and forth in place as she felt the urge gnawing at her, no doubt the second drink starting to fill their systems.

“Phew….Fifty minutes…” Bouncy told herself again after the brief delay, standing back up as she paced about the car again, trying to take her mind off of the sensation growing in her body again.

‘Just gotta not think about it… ‘ she told herself. ‘Think about strategies… About new cards… About Anyth-”

A thought interrupted as the train, nearly as soon as it started, suddenly careened to a stop again, this time sending her falling to the ground gracelessly, as the intercom roared to life.

“We apologize once again for the sudden stop. We’ve encountered another problem with the engine. We will be delayed for a bit longer.”

Bouncy groaned as she started to pick herself up, blushing slightly as her legs crossed over one another, the sudden jarring making the urge feel that much worse as she had to apply some pressure to the front of her skirt with her hand upon standing up.

What she originally felt was the beginning of the second bottle, had suddenly grown to feeling like the whole bottle nesting itself into her bladder, as she rocked back and forth upon standing, moving over to her seat and plopping back down for safety, squeezing her legs tightly.

“Ugh, they better actually fix it this time..” Meta snapped venomously, as Bouncy’s knees bounced slightly in her seat.

“it…It’ll be fine, ahah…” She mused. “Just… just another little delay, that’s all..”

She took the time to try and steady her breathing, and squeezed her most intimate place, willing back the upcoming tides as she tried not to count the minutes…. Shifting, squirming, and squeezing as she prayed futilely for the third bottle to delay it’s way through her body the way the train had been.

After an agonizing ten minutes of silent straining, the train’s engine started to roar to life anew, taking off once again.

“Finally, jeez…” Meta spat, now at the point where she couldn’t resist squirming and shifting from foot to foot openly, as Bouncy dared not to relax with even a sigh at this point, feeling the aching sensation in her lower body grow by the minute.

“H…Hooray…!” she cheered as she tensed, leaning back and squeezing her legs together as the ride continued, giving them a brief reprieve with the knowledge that they were once again, finally moving towards their destination….

The destination of proper relief.

After twenty minutes of unobstructed passage, the train pulled into the first station, prompting Bouncy to perk up, only to settle back down.

“That’s… That’s the first stop..” she called, gazing wistfully out to the station… as the Intercom called out the first stop, followed by another announcement.

“Due to our delays, we will be taking off earlier than expected to remedy our schedule. We apologize to our passengers once again for the troubles..”

Bouncy shifted in her seat as Meta glanced outwards, but saw Bouncy shake her head.

“I want to, but we’ll miss it if we go out now..” she added. “It’s just thirty more minutes…. We can wait…”

“You sure we can…?” Meta asked once more, before the train started moving anew, the doors having closed almost as soon as they opened since there were no other passengers getting on. Bouncy squeezed her legs tighter and inhaled deeply, trying to keep her mind off of the growing, nagging, urgent panging in her lower body, as she kept whispering to herself.

‘Thirty more…Thirty more…Thirty more..’

Though, no more than ten minutes into the ride, the train started to screech to a halt once more, Prompting her to brace herself to keep from shifting into a dangerous position….The intercom crackling to life.

‘Passengers, we apologize for the delay, but we have an obstruction on the tracks. Please wait, as it is cleared.’

Bouncy let out a soft whine at this, squirming a bit more noticeably than before as she felt the urge spiking once more….Before Meta suddenly moved closer to her.

“You know….I mean, there’s not really a lot of people here..” Meta started, prompting Bouncy to look up to her.

“Huh..? What are you…”

“I mean, there’s not a lot of people here that can see us… Well, you. And, well… It’s…. It’s getting kind of bad, right..?” Meta added, averting her gaze, as she pretended to look at the other passenger. “But….I mean, we could maybe… Get away with a little…”

“A…A little what…?” Bouncy asked cautiously, her thighs tensing up as if she could feel where Meta’s thought was going.

“Well, your skirt’s pretty dark…” Meta reminded her. “And…well, I mean… If there was just a…just a little bit of wetness, nobody would know, right? It could be sweat, after all..”

Bouncy blushed brightly at the thought, as she glanced over at the inattentive passenger, before dropping her voice.

“Are you saying… We should do it…on purpose?” she asked incredulously, as Meta shook her head.

“No! Well, not….Not completely.” Meta added quickly, glancing about the cabin. “But…I mean, if you move about some…. And if you just let…a little out here and there… It’d probably dry up before anyone could tell. And, even if it didn’t, it’d just be like sweat, wouldn’t it?”

“I…but still..” Bouncy added, blushing deeply as she thought about how much longer the train could be delayed, and how badly the third bottle was going to feel when it started to fill her bladder. “Just….Just a little, right….?”

Meta nodded slightly, her hands pressed to the front of her skirt as well.

“Just a little…Just to make it easier to make it home.” Meta added. “Then, just get up and move to the other side like nothing happened… And, it’ll… It’ll all be fine, right?”

“R…RIght..”

Bouncy was unsure, but Meta had rarely coached her wrong before, and with something this…delicate, she was ready to try just about anything. She pulled her bag to her lap and squeezed her eyes shut, letting her lower body relax for a scant few seconds…

Pss…psss…

The short spray of warmth that coated her panties prompted her to quickly suppress a gasp, as letting out a little pressure was quite pleasant to feel…. But, trying to clench off the flow as readily was troublesome…. As she squeezed her legs together tightly to strangle off the flow.

Ss….ssss…

There was a steady amount of warmth on her inner thighs, but she felt her skirt could catch it as she pushed it down between her legs and stood up, feeling the leaking sensation stop… But, the warmth clinging to her inner thighs. It felt… good.. So good to get just a little relief, but she knew she couldn’t let it keep flowing, or it wouldn’t stop.

“Ohhh…. Ffff…fuck that felt good..” Meta added, as the train finally started to move anew, prompting a small smile from the girl. “Ahh, and we’re back on! Thank God…”

Bouncy gave a tensed smile as she glanced back at the small puddle where she had been sitting, quickly shifting to the other side of the train as she sat back down and squeezed her legs together, resuming her arduous hold. The brief lapse in control felt so pleasant, but she mustn’t let it continue… No, she had to keep holding it again…

“T…Twenty more minutes..” she remarked as her face kept burning whenever her eyes glanced over where she’d previously sat, shocked that she’d actually peed a little, on purpose, on the train.

It was an emergency, and just a little, but it still made her feel flustered….As she looked down at her phone again.

Soon enough, there was another skid to a halt, but Bouncy was prepared, bracing herself as the train slowly came to a stop once more.

“Passengers, we apologize once more, but…”

Bouncy didn’t even listen to the new excuse for pausing as she felt the urge spiking once more, before glancing up at Meta with a flustered, pleading look.

The red haired spirit gave a small nod, as both girls closed their eyes, and loosened their lower muscles for a scant few seconds once more…

Psss..pssssshh…

It was a much more liberating feeling, letting it spray out for a few more seconds, but Bouncy had to pull back the urge after a few more seconds, feeling the whole inner part of her skirt growing wet as her panties were definitely soaked.

“Ohhh, that felt so good..” Meta groaned as Bouncy bit her lip, pressing her hand directly into the wet spot to forcibly stymie the flow before it could get too out of hand.

It was a lovely feeling, and she could almost feel like her bladder was relenting in it’s advance on her dignity, but she couldn’t let it all out still..

No…there was still just a bit more to go, until they were home, and she could let it all out. She idly felt a lewd desire to let herself go with her panties still on when she got home, but she still had to wait out this arduous delay once more.

Soon enough, the train started again, and she felt herself tensing up a bit more… Guarding her body’s instinct to finish the job she started, before the train made a slow stop into the next station.

“Another delay…?” Meta snapped, before the intercom called off.

“Passengers, we have arrived at….”

Bouncy let out a small sigh of relief as their only other passenger left the train doors, as she gleaned out at the station, knowing that they were only one stop away from being on their home street.

Bouncy gave a small smile at thinking of the bathrooms she couldn’t go into without risking missing the train, and decided to let her body relax again for a few seconds….

Pssssh…psssssh…

As the sensation tickled her body all over, warmth pooling into her seat as she let out a contented, pleased sigh.

“Ohhhh… Ohhh, just one more stop..” she added as Meta let out a strained groan as well, smirking.

“Just a bit more..” She added. “Though, you should probably move if you’re going to do that again, or it’ll be way too obvious.”

Bouncy flushed slightly before nodding, picking herself back up again…

Sssh…sssh..

And having to bury her hands into her skirt once more, to halt the flow that started to sneak out from the shift in gravity, making her groan a bit.

“Ohhhh… Ohhhh, That’s…” she started as the train called out their next stop…. Prompting her to squeeze herself tightly, and bend at the knees.

The sensation kept calling, nagging, and banging at her lower door’s entrance, but she halted it with pure willpower…. Even as trickles trailed down her thighs.

“Mmmmthh.. Ohhh it’s…It’s getting bad…” Meta remarked with a slightly huffy voice, now squirming openly and holding both hands at her skirt. “Ohhhh… If I even hear the word “Delay” once more…”

Both girls were panting, struggling, and straining as the train kept going along….

Ten minutes left…. Nine….Eight….Seven…

“Mmmthhh…”

The train started to stop once more, as Bouncy let out a frustrated groan.

“N…Not again…” she groaned, as the intercom crackled, but she could only concentrate on the psssh..psssshhh that escaped as if on cue, prompting her to buckle down, and squat, burying both hands in her skirt as she tried to manually squeeze off the flow. Her fingers were graced with several sprays of warmth, and she could only barely hear the sounds of the train as she forced….shoved… pushed back the feeling for an agonizing few minutes….Barely noticing as the train started moving once again, as time ticked down…

Six….five….four…three minutes left…

Psssh…pssshpsssh…Psssshhhh..

Two…..one….

Bouncy and Meta both could only feebly buckle as the sigh of their home station could finally be made out in the distance, and yet…

Psssh…pssshhhhhhhh…pssssssshppssshpssshpsssh…

Both girls could only slowly succumb to the growing, gushing, explosive sensation of their strained, struggled piddle, as it finally broke down the dam of their resistances, and both girls started to hopelessly, helplessly gush all over the train car’s floor, a massive deluge that couldn’t be mistaken for a spilled beverage or something formed beneath both of their bodies, Bouncy’s face flushed a deep red as her whole body slumped, and shuddered with the overwhelming sensation of pleasant shame.

“Ohhhh….Ohhhhh…We finally…arrived..” She breathlessly said to Meta, who slumped back against the closed bathroom door.

“Y…You could say that again..”

*010*2024-06-12 12:29

{{56 minutes ago, Rob Lucci said:

Fandon Fanction One Piece?

}}

I know of One piece characters. Depending on which ones would be whether i could write something of them or not.

*012*2024-06-12 16:43

{{3 hours ago, Rob Lucci said:

Character Rob Lucci CP9/CP0

Do you know who he is?

}}

Negative.

*015*2024-07-08 20:37

And here we have another commission, from an Anonymous commissioner.

A story featuring two original characters.

Here's to those who can enjoy!

###

Ba-bump…Ba-bump…Ba-bump…

Jack’s heart was beating a bit faster than he’d ever admit as he waited at the cafe, glancing around absentmindedly as he attempted to take his mind off of what was about to happen.

It had been a few weeks coming, but he finally managed to muster up the courage to ask out his coworker, the beautiful black haired girl, Ellen. While her skin was immaculate, and her figure was a perfect middle ground of curvy and slender, there was another reason he expressed interest in Ellen…Borne of whispers of his colleagues.

‘Remember that big party we had after inventory last year? Everyone got wasted, but Ellen drank our CEO under the table!’

‘Ellen’s such a diligent worker. Remember that time half the shift called in, and she stood on the sales floor for seven hours straight? I think I’d die if I was on my feet that long.’

‘Man, remember when the septic tank overflowed that one week? I don’t know how anyone managed to keep it together without a working bathroom, but I guess some people found their ways.’

All tangential stories that he’d heard, but at the center of them all, the very black haired girl he was preparing to meet up with. Ellen was a beautiful girl, for sure…But, Jack’s fascination lied in something that most people wouldn’t expect to see from others: Her supposed ability to.. Endure for lengthy periods of time. The whispers and stories of Ellen going so long without breaks of any kind, coupled with the usual knowledge of how often someone tended to visit the facilities during their shifts….

‘Maybe she’s just really good at sneaking off..’ Jack lightly thought to himself, as if trying to preemptively let himself down gently. ‘Of course, most people don’t usually think about piss the moment a lack of breaks comes up….Nnngh..’

He could never actually, actively admit his interest to anyone about that. No, he had to focus. A waitress brought him the coffee he ordered, as the bell above the door suddenly rang out, calling his attention.

“Ah…!”

There she was, standing in the doorway. Amber eyes glanced over at him, before softening as she gave him a light wave. Jack’s heart skipped a beat as Ellen turned around, moving to the line for her own order.

‘Okay…Calm down, and take a drink. Don’t be nervous. It’s just a coffee date. It’ll be fine.’ he thought to himself, trying to psych himself up before they’d talk. Just as he was starting to figure out what to say, the decision was made for him.

“Sorry I’m a little late, had to let the plumber in today.” Ellen excused, giving a small smile.

“Ah? Oh, it’s fine..” Jack answered back, nervously as he tried to think of a way to follow up the subject. “Was it serious?”

“Nah, just a little leak under the sink.” Ellen added, as she took her seat across from him. “Had to turn off the water for about an hour. What a rough way to wake up, ya’know? I couldn’t even have my second morning cup.”

“O..Oh?” he added, before taking a sip of his own drink. “Well, I guess it’s a good thing we met up here.”

“Uh huh, yeah.” Ellen added as the waitress brought over her own cup, prompting Ellen to take a long slurp. “So, what do you like to do when we’re not corralling customers and herding the masses along the lanes?”

Jack could feel himself finally starting to relax, as if shifting into ‘Off-the-clock’ mode in regards to the remark about work.

“Ah, not too much.” He added, lightly. “I like movies, checking out big rocks at the museum, occasionally hitting up the arcades or the bowling alleys. Maybe go swimming when it gets too hot out. You know, just the usual kind of stuff.”

“Ahhh, I love arcades.” Ellen chimed in, as she took another long slurp. “I’m sure I can top all of your high scores, easy.”

“Oho, you wanna bet?” he chided back, feeling a touch of competitiveness seeping into him.

“Yeah, bring it on, Jackie boy!”

It was…surprising how laid back Ellen seemed to be. Even if it turned out that her penchant for holding was nothing more than hearsay, Jack still felt it was quite enjoyable to hang out with her. She laughed at his jokes, and told a few raunchy ones back at him to catch him off guard as well. The two traded horror stories of some of the more…unique customers they had helped over the course of their careers, and just as the lunch rush was about to start, Jack noticed something…intriguing.

“Um…when did you get another drink?” He asked quietly, as Ellen glanced down at her cup, and gave a slight shrug.

“Eh, it’s only my third one here.” She added, now sipping rather than prominently slurping. “The clerks always give me a good deal, and it’s good. So what?”

“Ah, nothing.” he quickly retorted, glancing to a particularly interesting window as he tried not to let the information process too long.

‘Three cups? And…if she couldn’t have her second cup, that means she still had one before…right?’

His mind danced about with questions he dare not answer, as people started to pour into the cafe. Ellen smiled warmly, before standing up quietly.

“Well, this was nice Jack. We’ll need to do this again sometime.” she mused, giving him a pleasant grin. “Perhaps somewhere with less people…. Or maybe more, if you’d like.”

All of Jack’s willpower went into suppressing a slight blush as he gave a nervous chuckle, and nodded.

“Yeah. Next time, we’ll go to the movies or somethin.” he added, as Ellen’s eyes lit up.

“Ooooh…There are some I’ve been waiting to see…”

With plans for the future in tow, the two parted ways, as Jack couldn’t help but glance up a the ladie’s bathroom. He expected Ellen to dip in after having so much to drink, but to his surprise, she just paid for her drinks and went about her way. Part of him wanted to follow her, but the idea of painting himself as a creep, coupled with a dose of common sense kept him from following her, as he idly pondered the legitimacy of Ellen’s control.

It was a few days later that they’d decided they’d meet up for their second date. A trip to the movies, to see the latest action film: Revengers: Time Four The End.

Ellen seemed pretty excited about such an action-packed movie, though Jack himself hadn’t seen the previous film, opting instead to read a synopsis a few days prior to brief himself on it. He could recall something about a great evil, and the heroes of ‘Many Earths’ protecting it, but it still ran together in his head, as he sat outside the movie theater, a few minutes early.

“It’s been a while since I’ve been to the movies..” He idly murmured to himself, noticing a decent crowd of people hovering about, chattering excitedly about a mixture of the….Indomitable Hunk, and Scor?

He faintly recalled the names of several heroes, and a few people even came dressed up, but he didn’t have the confidence (Or the time) to do as such himself, before noticing a hand waving him down.

“Yoohoo! Jack! Over here!”

Ellen’s voice called out from the line, beckoning him over to pick up their tickets. He was a bit surprised, given he himself was ten minutes early, but he gave an easy smile and walked on over next to her.

“Hey. Didn’t keep you waiting, did I?” he asked, prompting a quick shake of her head.

“Nah, I just got here a bit ago to get us good seats.” Ellen replied, handing him a ticket. “Now c’mon, let’s get some refreshments.”

Almost as soon as he’d approached the counter she’d tugged him to the side, the smell of fresh butter filling his nose.

“Ah, I haven’t had popcorn in ages…” He lighty mused, as Ellen chuckled.

“They put a bit more salt than some people like here, but I like it a lot.” She added, as they only had to wait behind one person. Soon enough, the clerk called over.

“What can I get you?”

Naturally, he had to take the lead here, as he glanced over the size of the buckets, before answering.

“We’ll take two large popcorns, and I’ll take a…medium cola. What do you want, Ellen?”

“Ooooh, Get me an extra large! It’s only 20 cents more, and it’s like, double the size!”

“Alright then, an extra large for her…”

“Would you like to upgrade to a large yourself? It’s only 10 cents up.” The clerk inquired readily, no doubt having pitched it frequently throughout his days.

“....Eh, sure.” Jack conceded, as the clerk gave him the total, took his money, and quickly prepped the order. As the two waited, Jack glanced over to the side, seeing quite a queue for the bathrooms, as he turned back to Ellen.

“Crowded today, huh?” he mused offhandedly, as she glanced over.

“Oh yeah, it’s been like that all day.” she noted. “Even when I got here, the last screening just finished, and people were swarming the place. I mean, it is a three hour movie, and it sucks if you miss any of it.”

Jack quickly and quietly suppressed the thoughts that were provoked by that, as he gave a small nod.

“Yeah…Especially since there’s no intermissions or such..” he half-heartedly stumbled away from the topic, as the clerk thankfully came back with their order.

“Woah, you weren’t kidding…” he noticed as he handed the extra-large to Ellen, his wrist tensing as he handed her the gargantuan beverage. She chuckled, and quickly pulled the straw from their tray, as she started to sip.

“Saves me the trouble of leaving to refill it, usually” She noted. “Now c’mon, let’s go get our seats.”

The Theater was quite cozy once they got away from the thick crowd, as the two of them quickly moved about, getting to their spots in a timely fashion. Surprisingly, in spite of the crowds, Ellen had picked an ideal spot for them to settle in, where the large screen could be seen without Jack having to crane his neck at all.

Truly, Ellen was an experience cinephile of the highest degree.

“Well, we’ve got about ten minutes before it starts.” she mused, as she took her seat, slurping away at her drink. “Might as well have some pre-movie popcorn..”

“Agreed.” he called, as he scooped a handful of it in, and flinched slightly. A small cough found it’s way out, as he felt his throat drying almost immediately. “W…Wow, you weren’t kidding about the salt..” he remarked, as Ellen chuckled.

“That’s why you gotta pregame with some soda.” she taught, taking another long slurp of her beverage. “Makes it go down much smoother.”

Grasping for the straw, Jack quickly remedied the salty situation with cool, refreshing cola, as he then ensured he was careful with his popcorn to soda ratio.

‘Gonna have to practice that…’ he thought, as people slowly started to file in for the movie. There was a hefty crowd of people, but mercifully, nobody immediately flanking him or Ellen, as the lights started to dim. It must have been close to time for the movie to start.

Just as Jack started to get comfortable though, Ellen quickly leaned in close, as if she was about to kiss his cheek….With a small whisper.

“Jaaaaack…” she cooed in a hushed, sensual tone that made Jack’s heart skip a beat. “Could you….go get me a refill real quick? Before the ads stop running?”

He froze for a whole second, before giving a small nod.

“Ahaha, yeah…Sure Ellen.” he responded, masking any potential disappointment in his voice as he took the cup from Ellen.

“Thanksies!” she added, before he felt her lips pressing to his cheek, alleviating any disappointment he had as he stood up and made his way back to the concession counter, feeling all aflutter from the affection, only coming back down after the clerk handed him back the cup.

“Oof…”

It caught him off guard how much liquid the ‘Extra Large’ was, not to mention the fact it had been emptied over such a short period of time. Glancing over at the bathrooms, the line had finally eased down to a mere two or three people, leading him to think on his way back.

‘If the bathrooms were even busier when Ellen got here, and they were crazy when I did….’ he thought, letting his mind wander a bit. ‘...Then, does that mean she tried to go beforehand too?’

He quickly dashed the thoughts from his mind as he made his way back to the seat, just as the movie’s title card dropped, settling the beverage down next to Ellen.

“Did I make it..?” he asked, as her hand brushed over his when she grasped the drink.

“You did. Movie just started.” she answered. “I’ll try to ration this one out, so you don’t gotta go again, okay?”

He thought again about the cheek kiss of gratitude, and was thankful the dark of the movie theater could hide the slight flushing of his cheeks.

“O…Okay.”

As far as movies went, Jack found it quite exciting. The actors carried their roles well, the plot was easy enough to follow, even for someone who wasn’t a mega fan (Like himself), and the villain seemed quite imposing. There was a slight lull in the buildup as the movie followed a sort of b-plot that seemed to focus on an ongoing running joke throughout the series, when Jack noticed quite a lot of people stumbling about in the dark, heading out as quietly as possible.

It had been a while, to the point Jack felt like about half of the movie had gone by…With his own popcorn stores having depleted to about halfway, and his own drink was running on near empty, with naught but cubes remaining. He glanced over at Ellen’s bowl, noticing it to be near empty, as he leaned in to whisper.

“I’m gonna get a refill. You want some of my popcorn?” he asked quietly, as the dark haired girl dared not to take her eyes away from the screen, nodding.

“Sure, yeah. Can you get me a refill too?” she asked, thumbing her cup to him. While it wasn’t completely empty, it still had about a third of beverage remaining as he took it, handing her his own bucket of popcorn as he moved back out for refreshments.

The vast majority of people he saw moving between the theaters were all going to the now seemingly-empty bathrooms, clearly relishing in the mid-movie oasis. He went to get refills for the drinks again, heading back as he idly pondered how Ellen was holding up. She had a great deal more than most people he’d seen, and they still had half the movie to go.

‘Is this the power of a superfan?’ he thought to himself as he quietly returned to his seat, Ellen taking the cup greedily as she slurped anew.

“Too much popcorn at once?” he lightly teased as she chuckled softly, earning a few glares from other fans as the two went silent for the duration of the movie.

The heroes won at a great personal cost, but it was nevertheless a victory, with a small twist at the end that lined things up for a sequel. The lights came on and people started to quickly filter out as Ellen and Jack both stood up, the black haired girl beaming.

“Mannnnn! That bit at the end, with Gungir! What a twist!” she called out. “I can’t believe he could use it! I mean…”

“Yeah, seriously. I can’t wait for the next one.” Jack added, thinking about the final clash with the villain as they started out, glancing over at the bathrooms. “Jeez…speaking of can’t wait..”

He now had an impression of what Ellen saw, as people were absolutely swarming the bathrooms, crowded shoulder to shoulder as they argued. Though he didn’t have a particularly urgent need, he could sense the plight others were going through even from a distance.

“Ugh, I know, right?” Ellen added. “They’re always like this after movies. I mean, I could for a break too, but with this line?”

Jack clenched his thumb into his hand as she said this, inadvertently glancing over Ellen’s form for some telltale signs….But, unable to pick up anything too out of the ordinary. Was her stance different? Was she biting her lip slightly?

“Yeah, I get you…” he mindlessly added, as she just tugged him along from the noisy theater, back out into the world.

It had grown dark over the course of the movie, as Jack turned to Ellen.

“I’ll take you home, if you want.” he offered, prompting her to give him a bright grin.

“I Just live around the corner. Short walk.” She added, gesturing over the hill.

“Well, do you wanna save yourself the walk?” he asked, as she paused, before shrugging.

“Alright, I s’ppose.”

She wasn’t exaggerating, the drive was only a few minutes away. During those precious minutes, Jack kept glancing for any telltale signs of Ellen’s predicament with all of those sodas, but aside from a slight shift in the seat, and her crossing her legs over one another (That he couldn’t guarantee was an urge and not just a habit), he couldn’t gather anything different about her status, and before he knew it…

“Here’s my stop.” she called as he snapped out of it and pulled over, getting out of the car, and opening her door as well.

“Let me walk you to your door.” he added as well, prompting another chuckle from Ellen.

“Ooooh, what a gentleman..” she mused, standing and moving to his side as he walked her to the outside of her home. There was a light silence over the two, as she eventually piped up to break it.

“I had a lot of fun tonight.” She mused, with a warm smile. “Sorry for making you my gopher during the movie.”

“Ah, no worries.” Jack replied, trying to keep his gaze on her, and not averting it out of nerves. “We’ll have to watch it again sometime, like when it comes to dvd.”

“”I’d like that a lot.” Ellen mused with another smile, as she turned to the door, and gripped the handle. “See you tomorrow, Jack?”

“Y..Yeah. I’ll see you tomorrow, Ellen.” He responded, as she opened the door, before stepping back and giving him another kiss on the cheek, before scurrying back inside in silence.

Jack had…certainly enjoyed the movie, though he would have to get home soon if it meant making it to work on time tomorrow….

About a week later, Jack found himself dressed to the nines anew as he waited outside of Ellen’s house, glancing down at his watch.

He was early again, but only by five minutes or so as he thumbed out his phone, letting her know of his arrival. He could feel his heart racing slightly again as he took a few steadying breaths, hearing the tone of his phone getting a message.

‘Be out inna bit! -Ellen.’

He chuckled quietly to himself as he glanced around the neighborhood, the afternoon sky hanging overhead with a delightful amber hue, before he could see her door opening, and..

“Oh my..”

Wearing a striking red dress, and with the sound of clacking heels filling the silence, Ellen quickly darted over with a bright grin.

“Oooh, looking sharp, Jackie.” she mused, leaning up to kiss his cheek anew. “So, where are we going tonight?”

“Well..” Jack called, smiling at the kiss, but familiar with it over the course of the last few days’ worth. “It’s just a little place over by the ocean…”

Ellen gasped, before chuckling slightly, as she elbowed him softly.

“You sly… That’s why you wanted me to dress up!” She called out, as if catching him in some indecent act. “Well, at least now I know I’m not overdressed.”

He opened the door for Ellen once more, before getting into his own vehicle and driving them along to the edge of town, where a high-class dining restaurant was awaiting their arrival. There were a scant few couples here and there, dining on Lobsters, steaks, and other high-class meals, as the two of them were escorted to their seats, prompting their waiter to arrive shortly.

“Would you like some wine to start off your night?” he asked, as Jack gave a small, polite nod.

“Yes sir, We’ll have…Two bottles of red, if you don’t mind.” he asked, as the Waiter nodded, and left the two alone for a time, giving Jack time to look over Ellen in earnest.

She had a lovely red dress that accentuated her perfect figure, with a deep rouge choker covering her neck slightly. She had her hair down, brushing over both shoulders, and only the faintest of blush over her blemish-free face. She lightly twirled some of her hair in her fingers as she seemed to be checking him out as well, before the Waiter returned with the bottles.

“Here you are, good sir. Two of our finest Cabernet Sauvignon.”

Two glasses were set down as well, as he poured the two their initial drinks.

“Have you decided on your orders already?”

Jack gave Ellen the go ahead to order whatever she liked as he went with a fancy-sounding steak, taking a quick sip of the wine as Ellen ordered some kind of seafood. No sooner did the waiter leave, did Ellen pour another glass of wine, prompting him to momentarily double-take.

‘When did she have time to drink the first one?’ he thought to himself in surprise, as the two shared a longing glance again, before breaking the ice.

“So, anything new going on?” he asked her lightly, as her own signature chuckle rang out, lightly shaking her head.

“Oh, nothing too exciting.” she mused. “That plumber had to come back again. Turns out, the whole waterline had been damaged a while ago, but they only just found where it started. I’d only just managed to get the chance to get my shower in before I got your message.”

“Ahhhh, I see.” Jack responded quietly, idly thinking about if Ellen had only been able to shower, or if she’d had other issues beforehand. A thought dashed quickly as he took a sip of wine to stifle the impulses just as readily as they’d arrive.

The two had a delightful bit of small talk about work, upcoming movies, and the upcoming break they’d both have, thinking about places they’d want to go, before their food was brought out to them. A thick, juicy steak, and some succulent seafood.

“Ah, before you go!” Ellen called out to the waiter. “Could you open our other bottle? We’ve been going through the first one kind of fast.”

The waiter gave a bemused chortle, as Jack glanced over the other bottle.

While he was feeling a bit of a buzz, Ellen had taken the majority of the bottle, leaving him to wonder a bit more just how she felt.

It was….A touch harder to put away the thoughts with his mind under the influence slightly, but focusing on dinner was enough to keep him from blurting out anything haphazard, as Ellen was the one to break the silence again.

“Mmmmthh….man, this outfit’s kinda hard to move in..” She called. “And these heels are….Mmm…They make walking…difficult. Especially if you’re in a hurry…”

He quietly pushed down the thoughts once more as the two continued on their meal, finishing their food and the second bottle of wine, before the check arrived.

Jack left a generous tip as Ellen leaned against him, lightly clinging to his arm as the two moved, swaying slightly.

“Mmmm.. That was a good dinner…” She mused to Jack, who gave a small laugh, feeling his head lightly spinning.

“Yeah….Yeah, it was.” He added, as Ellen leaned in closer to him.

“Ohh…I might have drank too much…” She groaned softly. “Walking’s…Tough…Damn..heels.”

“Ah..? Do you need me to walk you to the bathroom..?” he asked, as Ellen gave a cute pout, and shook her head.

“Nuuu…No, I’m fine…..I can hold it..” she murmured. “Just..Let me lean on you a bit…”

He could feel his face flushing some more as Ellen’s grip felt like iron, holding him firm. He thought about his own state of being, and could only fathom how Ellen was, as he thumbed out his phone with his free hand, and went the responsible route.

“I’ll….get us an uber home.” he remarked, slightly. “Don’t…want to drive like this.”

He was confident he wasn’t too buzzed, but part of him hoped that Ellen wouldn’t question it, as he kind of liked how clingy she was like this, as she gave her usual chuckle, followed by a warmer smile.

“Dat sounds good…”

A short time later, their ride arrived, and after talking it over with the staff, Jack ensured they wouldn’t tow his vehicle before he could pick it up the next day, before the couple started their way back to Ellen’s house first, Ellen constantly pressed against him in a half-lulled stupor.

“Mmm…Jackie…Jackie…Jackie…” She mumbled with a glazed look on her face. “Danks for dinner….and the wine..”

“Mmmmth… No problem, Ellen..” he replied back with a flushed smile of his own as she sounded out her familiar chuckle, a noise that warmed his heart.

“Mmmm… I wuvs yew, Jackie..”

Jack could feel his heart beating a little faster at this, as the black-haired girl looked up at him with her cute, pouty face.

“Do you wuvs me too?” she asked, as he nodded.

“Yes, I wuvs yew too, Ellen.” he answered, prompting the pout to melt into a smile, as she rested against him the rest of the way back.

The walk back to her house was surprisingly uneventful, as even after so much wine, Ellen seemed to be able to walk in a straight line without any problems, as Jack ensured she wouldn’t fall or snap her heels, getting a few chances to look over her body for any signs of potential weakness, or faltering. (Purely for her safety, of course).

“I’ll s..see you tomorrow, Jackie…” She called, leaning in for another kiss. “Wuvs yew.”

“Wuvs yew too, Ellen.” he responded back as he leaned in for her kiss, eyes glancing down. He wasn’t sure if it was because of the wine in his system, or if it was genuine, but he could swear that her belly was slightly swollen under the dress, presumably from all of the wine and such.

Despite pushing the thoughts down, the two parted ways, and he took the uber the way home, intent on a deep sleep that night.

….

“C’mon Jackie, Let’s move!”

It was a bright, bright morning a few weeks later as the two were on their latest trip, a day-trip to the beach. Jack loaded the towels, basket, umbrellas, and other things into the back of his car, as he moved to the drivers seat.

“Alright my Passenger princess.” he mused. “We’re ready. Where do you want to get breakfast?”

“Hmm…Been a while since I’ve had Chicks-a-Lay.”

Ellen was surprisingly decisive about where she wanted to eat, which was a massive relief for Jack. He’d constantly heard others joke about never eating anywhere when they were asking their own significant others, so having someone who knew what they wanted was a welcome relief.

He pulled up to the drive through and started their order, intent on getting something light. Except of course, for…

“And a large Cola!” Ellen chimed in, as he nodded.

“And two large colas, and a large Mango tea.”

She never asked for two colas, but he knew her all too well by now. Ellen was a hefty drinker, be it in alcohol, or otherwise. If he didn’t order her a second one, she’d always plead or beg him for some of his, and though he always relented, given they had quite a drive to the beach, he figured he should be prepared. Even with other drinks in the back for when they got there, it would keep him from needing to pull over again.

And sure enough, about halfway up the road to the beach…

“Hey Jaaaccckiieeee…”

There it was. She always drug his name out like that whenever she wanted something. And, given the repeated slurping he’d heard over the past few minutes, even after eating their food.

“Fine, but just a bit.” he called, thumbing the cup of his own mango tea to her, as she gave that heartwarming chuckle.

“Love you, Jackie.” she mused as she took a few, restrained sips, prompting him to internally chuckle as he kept driving.

Today was a big day. They were going to the beach, after all… And, the thought of seeing Ellen in a swimsuit was, of course, appealing…. Though, more than that, a faint curiosity stirred within him as they were pulling up.

In spite of the past few dates leading to a few…situations that would stall out one’s chances to utilize the bathrooms, Jack had always noticed that Ellen didn’t seem to make a move for one. Granted, their dates didn’t tend to persist too dangerously past a few hours or so, but given this was a day trip…

‘This’ll probably be the day….’ he thought nefariously to himself. ‘The day I can see Ellen in…that kind of state.’

On top of the drinks they had prior, he had procured several other beverages, along with the usual beachgoing stuff, and even a nice watermelon for them to smash and eat. He’d read somewhere that watermelon had a sort of diuretic effect on a person…. Though, he’d always just known it to be a refreshing treat on a hot summer’s day, the idea could never truly slip his mind, as they arrived at the beach, prompting Ellen to grab her own bag, and dart out.

“I’ll go ahead, and get changed! You get us a good spot.” She called out as Jack nodded and waved, glancing over the beach.

There were a set of changing rooms, though given that the only commodes seemed to be port-a-potties in the opposite direction, he could only assume that when she finally had too much, she’d have to head in that direction.

Thankfully, he only had to take off his own shirt, given the swim trunks he had, and go find a good spot on the beach, away from the crowded entrance and other facilities.

“This spot seems good..”

He’d laid out his blanket and set up the umbrella, moving to pop open the cooler for a few drinks of his own as he sat….

“Oooh, me too, Jackie.”

Only to be greeted almost immediately after popping the tab by his girlfriend. His eyes glanced over her incredible figure, a two piece bikini that drew his eyes in quickly, before being brought back by her signature chuckle.

“You look…great, Ellen.” he sounded gratefully, as Ellen pressed an ice-cold can of cola to his cheek.

“You’re all flushed, Jackie.” She teased, the chill running down his spine not-at-all related to her swimsuit. He stammered out a response as she cracked the tab on her drink.

“I…erm…ah…I..”

“Ahaha, C’mon, let’s go.”

It took him a bit to truly process Ellen’s gentle figure, with sizable (But not excessive) curves, and a prominent rear. They moved to the ocean to splash about for a bit, as Ellen suddenly froze.

“Ah….Jackie, I forgot…!” She called, prompting him to pause as well. What did she forget? Was it…

“Sunscreen! Could you help me put some on?”

His pulse quieted down once more as the illicit, heated thoughts were stifled, before he gave a small nod.

“Yeah, sure. I can help.” he added, still flushed from the heat as they moved back to the towels, and he readied himself up.

“Now, watch the hands Jackie.” Ellen teased. “You know what parts I’m talking about.”

“Yeah yeah, I know Ellen.” he called as she turned his back on him prompting him to rub the sunscreen onto her neck and back. Ellen shivered slightly, but started to apply her own to her lovely legs, thighs, and arms, slowly sliding down to her belly.

Jack felt the draw of said belly, knowing that with the sodas and tea in her, she would probably have a noticeable distant if he’d squeezed around there, but deciding to behave, he merely rubbing all along her back, ensuring that it’d be protected…..

Wa-Smack

Before bringing his hand down over her rear, prompting her to arch forward and let out a soft squeak.

“Eep! Jackie, you perv!” She taunted back, wiggling slightly as she moved away. “I knew you couldn’t be trusted!”

Jack laughed a bit louder than he expected, shaking his head.

“Well, when you’re just waving it around in front of me.”

The two bantered for a bit about his intrusive thoughts having won, before resuming their activities, moving on to swimming for a bit before getting roped into a round of beach volleyball with some strangers.

Jack wasn’t particularly good, but Ellen kept up with several leaps and spikes, while keeping their team alive with a few strong serves, as Jack occasionally stole glances at the porta-potties a short distance away.

“Man….It really comes in waves, doesn’t it?” he called, gesturing over as Ellen turned, and shrugged.

“Yeah, but I guess it’s better than people just peeing all over the beach.” She added, offhandedly. “I remember one time when I was younger, I saw this lady just…..Well, you know, right into the sand. Said the porta-potties were absolutely filthy, and she wasn’t going in there.”

Jack nodded at this, shuddering to think about the state they would be in. He was always careful to balance out his own drinking, but the way Ellen kept haphazardly throwing them back….

He had to stuff the thoughts back down as he missed an easy return, earning him a light reprimand from Ellen as the game eventually lead to a narrow loss, prompting him to apologize to Ellen to try harder next time.

“Ah, it wasn’t bad for your first time.” she defended. “So, what’s the watermelon for?”

“Oh, right!”

It was a game he’d seen people do in a few videos online. Like a pinata, they’d smack open a watermelon with a stick, blindfolded. Gathering the people to do so wasn’t an issue, but it was surprisingly harder to get to than he’d expected.

Though a few people had asked to join in, it seemed the only one with enough coordination without sight to make contact was Ellen, who split it after a few good whacks. Jack marvelled at her spatial awareness as they sat down with the remains of the Melon, eating slowly and relishing in the refreshing taste.

Though the crowds mostly dispersed as the day went on, Jack could still feel the warmth of the afternoon sun bearing down on them as the slight stirring of his own bodily urges was finally catching up.

‘Guess there’s some truth fo that diuretic stuff after all..’ he thought to himself as Ellen tossed out some trash, prompting him to wave slightly.

“I’m gonna go check the porta-potties real quick.” He sheepishly called to her, as she gave a small nod.

“Let me know how bad it is.” She answered as he moved to the doors, waiting behind only a few people before…

‘....Eugh…’

Yeah, that wasn’t happening. The only thing worse than the appearance was the smell coming out of them. Coupled with the heat, and people’s blatant disregard for public decency…. No. He’d be fine. He wasn’t about to bother.

“The verdict is, ‘Ew.’” he called as he went back to Ellen, who gave a slight pout.

“‘Ew’? Ugh, that’s annoying.” She groaned, her legs pressing together. “I kinda have to go right now, but…’Ew…’”

He could see her legs pressing together lightly, as he gestured over his shoulder.

“Should we go then?” he asked, as Ellen paused…before shaking her head.

“No, I wanna build a sand castle first. Can we?”

“Oh, um… Sure. Let’s.”

Jack was a bit surprised that she wanted to squeeze a little more into their day, even if it meant delaying a bathroom visit…. The first she’d actually admitted to needing. In spite of her plight however, she seemed to keep a steady hand as they worked diligently, creating a sizable, respectable castle in the sand, before the tides could come in and wash it away.

“And… There! Darn it, I wish I brought my phone..” Ellen quietly remarked, as Jack grinned.

“Good thing I did, then!” he called, moving to their spot and pulling his out. “I’ll get a good picture, and send it to you later!”

“Oh, My Hero!” She mused. “Thanks Jackie! I knew I could count on you!”

A quick few photos later, and the two could only marvel at their handiwork, noticing the sun starting to dip over the horizon, as they both looked over.

“Well…Looks like our beach trip is over.” Jack remarked quietly, as Ellen leaned against him.

“Yeah…I guess it is.” Ellen added. “Hey, Jackie?”

He turned quietly to gaze at her again, but was quickly surprised by a warm, loving kiss on the lips, as she wrapped her arms around him in a tight embrace. He paused, before kissing her back and wrapping his own arms around her, pulling her in for a hug as well.

She was…warm. Her skin was….soft. And, as the two held the kiss for a bit, they eventually broke it off, as Ellen wiggled out of his grip slightly.

“Well, shall we get back then?” Ellen added with a slight blush, as Jack nodded.

“Y..Yeah. Let’s.”

They gathered their things anew, moving back to the car as Jack glanced over at the porta-potties.

“You wanna see if they got cleaned?” he asked her, as Ellen shook her head.

“Nuh-uh…Don’t want my last memory of the beach to be.. ‘Ew.’” she answered, lightly shifting as she paced. He could only feel his heart racing at this point, though he wasn’t sure if it was entirely because of the idea of her being desperate, or if it was just fondly remembering the day.

Ellen didn’t change back to her regular clothes, opting to keep the bikini as he packed his things away, and drove the two of them home.

He could almost swear she’d given a slight squirm or shift as they went down the road, passing gas station by gas station, thinking about asking her if she wanted him to stop, but never bringing it fully to attention. After all, if she really had to go, she’d ask him to stop…right? The two filled the silence on the drive with casual talk about work, or upcoming restaurants and movies, never settling on a particular topic, but never letting the silence linger long.

Too soon it felt, they arrived outside of Ellen’s house, pulling over and moving to open her door, giving her a warm smile as he always did.

“I had a lot of fun today, Ellen.” he called, holding out his hand for her to take. “We’ll have to do this again sometime.”

Ellen gave her familiar, warming chuckle as she took his hand, climbing out of the car with a grin.

“You can just ask to see me in a swimsuit again if you want.” She teased. “You don’t gotta take me out to the beach for that next time.”

He blushed slightly, prompting Ellen to giggle at this, before leaning up to kiss him once more, before pulling back after a few moments.

“I had a lot of fun today too, Jackie.” she mused. “We’ll have to do something even funner next time.”

“F..Funner..?” Jack could only stammer, before feeling Ellen’s hand smacking at his own backside, prompting the return of her chuckle. “H..Hey! You Perv, Ellen!”

“Goodnight, Jackie!” She called, retreating to her door as she wiggled her bikini-clad bottom tauntingly at him. “Love you!”

Jack rubbed his own backside as he thumbed to his phone, sending the pictures he’d taken of their sandcastle, especially one shot that had her in the background of it.

“Love you too, Ellen.”

*017*2024-07-09 02:00

{{2 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Will there be a part 2?

}}

If it gets commissioned, and I'm not stressing my mind out over getting a new job, maybe.

