[Fallout 4] The Raider

Author: Ariose Toast

*000*2018-11-11 02:59

Disclaimer/Foreword:

First of all, this is as much about lesbian sex as it is omorashi, so if that's not your thing you've been warned.

Secondly, I finally got a second story out, though it's been a while since my first one. This one takes place in the same universe as the last, though for future stories I'm planning on branching out. It actually turned out a lot longer than I expected and takes a little while to get rolling, but I think the build up is worth it. I hope you guys enjoy this one as much as the last!

The Raider

Nora awoke to a throbbing pain in her head. As she slowly regained consciousness, she felt bounds holding her arms and legs, her back up against a cold wall. The moonlight streaming through a single window was the sole source of light in the room. The only furniture she could make out was a bed next to a small table, plus some pre-war junk scattered about. A tough-looking metal door marked the only way in or out (Though escaping out the window was an option she would keep in mind). Nora had been stripped of all her equipment, tied to the wall completely naked. As her initial disorientation began to fade, Nora was soon able to piece together how she ended up tied to a wall.

###

Nora had just arrived at the Federal Ration Stockpile. The minutemen had tasked her with taking out the raider gang who lived there, as they had been causing trouble for some of the local settlements. Fortunately for her, the base consisted of several closely packed buildings and shacks, which suited her preferred method of stealth quite perfectly. Nora had plenty of experience taking out raiders, so she figured this mission would be pretty routine for her. This seemed to hold true as Nora began picking off raiders one by one, without anyone even noticing her presence yet. Before she knew it, Nora had swiftly taken out about half the camp without even being seen.

At that point, the raiders had finally started to get suspicious, but Nora’s agility and advanced gear helped her stay hidden as she worked her way through the camp. Hidden in the shadows, she aimed down the sights of her gun to take out another lone raider. But before she could pull the trigger, a blunt object collided with the back of her head.

“Got ‘er,” was the last thing she heard before losing consciousness: the voice of a female raider, tough, but somehow strangely feminine at the same time.

###

Nora had been surprised by that; raiders were never the sneaky type, being constantly drugged up on psycho and all that. That worried Nora. Whoever she was, this raider was smart, which was going to make her escape even more challenging.

It was at this point that Nora’s senses began to fully come back to her. Her eyes had adjusted to the light, and she could now see several Nuka Cola bottles on the table next to the bed. She began to fully feel the burning in her wrists and ankles where she was tied up, and the dull pain in her head where she had been struck. But she soon became aware of another uncomfortable sensation, this one originating from her lower abdomen. She didn’t know long she had been out, but it must have been enough time for her bladder to fill. It wasn’t quite urgent yet, but Nora worried that it may be a while before she found a way out of her predicament.

###

About an hour had passed. Now Nora had to go, and she could feel that it wouldn’t be long before she had no choice in the matter. The cold air against her bare skin and the bonds holding her legs apart definitely didn’t help the situation either. She had considered letting go right in place (she was naked, after all), but then again, she didn’t want some raider to walk in to see her with a puddle of urine beneath her feet. She couldn’t appear weak in front of raiders, for fear that they might decide she wasn’t worth keeping alive.

But before she could consider the matter any further, the metal door creaked open and a female raider made her way into the room, closing the door behind her. She wasn’t particularly tall, like many of the girls who made their way into raider gangs, but her physique made it clear that she could stand up to even the toughest raiders. At first glance she looked like a typical raider, her skin marked by dirt, scars, and filth.

But underneath all the grime, something about her caught Nora’s eye. She had this long, flowing dark hair which, for a raider, was extremely well kept. And her green eyes really caught Nora’s attention. Nora didn’t even realize she was staring until the raider girl looked up at her to speak.

“Look who finally woke up,” she said, almost teasingly. Nora instantly recognized that voice. The same one she heard after getting knocked in the head: tough, yet distinctly feminine. The raider’s eyes examined Nora, apparently sizing her up. Nora couldn’t help but feel a little turned on as the raider’s eyes slowly scanned over her body, lingering as they passed over her breasts and her thighs. Surviving in the harsh wasteland had trained Nora’s body into very good shape, and it wasn’t uncommon for her to draw the attention of men (and sometimes women too) during her travels. The enduring pressure near her crotch only intensified Nora’s arousal.

But a loud bang from the other side of the door interrupted Nora’s thoughts, almost causing her to lose a spurt of pee. The noise snapped Nora out of her arousal, and she scolded herself for getting distracted by sex instead of figuring out a way to escape. Focused on her situation again, Nora glanced nervously at the door, half worried that another surprise would make her pee, half worried at the prospect of other, more vicious raiders blocking her escape.

“Oh, you don’t have to worry about them. They do what I say,” The girl said matter-of-factly. “I told them not to touch you. You’re lucky though. They would have raped you and burned you to death with a flamer. Not necessarily in that order.” The indifference with she said these words made it clear to Nora that this was an all too common sight. This was one twisted girl.

But Nora hadn’t even seen the half of it yet.

“But I just couldn’t let them do that to you,” the raider girl continued, a hint of a smirk on her face. “You’re much too pretty for that,” At those surprisingly soft words, Nora’s arousal rushed back to the forefront of her mind, nearly disrupting her concentration on holding the liquid trapped inside of her. She felt a definite wetness between her thighs, though she couldn’t say for certain if it was just leakage from her bladder.

While Nora was distracted by her bladder again, the raider girl had approached her. They were now standing close enough that Nora’s bare breasts were almost touching the chestplate of the girl’s raider armor. Staring into those gorgeous eyes, goaded on by the pressure in her crotch, Nora couldn’t decide which her body wanted more: to pee, or to be touched by this beautiful raider girl.

But the decision was made for her, as the raider girl suddenly brought her mouth down to one of Nora’s exposed nipples. Nora let out a quick gasp, forgetting about her bladder long enough to let a long spurt out onto the raider’s leg. Nora panicked, worrying that this would anger her captor. But surprisingly, the raider seemed unsurprised by Nora’s minor accident.

“I figured you’d have to go by now,” she remarked, stepping back to examine the urine along her thigh. “How bad is it?”

“I … can’t hold it much longer” Nora confessed. Normally she wouldn’t have shown so much weakness in front of an enemy like that, but Nora was desperate for anything. Even a bucket would be better than nothing.

“Aww, how cute,” the raider girl chuckled, glancing down at Nora’s legs, which were obviously pressed together as much as the bonds would allow. This was one twisted girl, Nora thought again.

“Maybe this’ll help,” the raider smirked, revealing a knife concealed in her armor. Panicking, Nora leaked even more, which only elicited another smile from the girl. She prepared for the worst, forcing her eyes shut as the raider crouched down and laid her off-hand into Nora’s left thigh. But instead of harming her, the raider girl gently sliced through the ropes restraining that ankle. And then the other ankle. Then both arms as well.

This could have been Nora’s chance to escape. Now unbound, she was well trained in close combat and likely could have easily disarmed the raider and stolen her knife. But Nora’s desperation and arousal had left her helpless. As soon as she was freed, she collapsed to the floor, thighs forced together, shoving both hands into her crotch to relieve as much pressure as possible.

She should have been scared, left completely vulnerable in front of an enemy like that. But this raider, who could have just as easily killed or tortured Nora, had freed her instead. True to this, the raider ran a soft hand through Nora’s hair, their eyes locked together.

“I don’t think I ever got your name,” the raider said.

“N-Nora,” she stammered back, caught off guard by the strangely intimate question.

“How cute. Never really had a real name, but most of the boys call me Red.”

The hands now in her crotch helped a little, but still, it wasn’t going to be long before Nora was pissing uncontrollably over the concrete floor she was now kneeling on.

“I…still have to go,” Nora reminded the raider, though that was a bit of an understatement.

“I think you can wait a little bit longer, can’t you? We still have some things to take care of first.”

Nora could only squirm nervously in response before Red pulled in close again. Before Nora knew what was happening, she felt her legs pushed apart and her own hands forced away, as two fingers deftly slid inside of her, expertly rubbing in all the right spots. The combination of pleasure and the powerful urgency from her bladder was sending Nora to an amazing high. But the feeling was just too much to handle, and her control began to fade as occasional spurts began to wet Red’s hand with urine.

Nora could only take so much though. Her spread legs and the repetitive motion in her crotch area had quickly taken their toll. Nora couldn’t take it any longer. She began to pee, first onto the ground below her, then into the air as she collapsed onto her back. Nora moaned as she finally let go of all the tension in her bladder, her stream arching into the air. She felt Red staring intensely as her growing puddle seeped under her thighs and ass, though Nora could really care less at this point. Nora finally felt the overwhelming feeling of relief seep through her, her bladder muscles getting a much-needed break. But the feeling didn’t last for long as now her mind was freed to think about all the things she was about to do to the girl in front of her.

Right on cue, Red, looking hornier than ever, gently grabbed Nora by the waist and pulled them both into a standing position. Nora helped Red quickly strip all her armor off, leaving them both completely naked. With a clear impatience, Red led Nora over to the nearby bed, essentially tackling her onto it. It wasn’t long before Nora felt those fingers inside of her again and a tongue on her breast, as well as Red’s obviously wet snatch grinding up and down her thigh. In the state they were both in, it didn’t take them long to peak. Nora felt Red’s grinding speed up, then eventually shudder, gripping Nora hard as she came loudly. The sound of Red’s screams pushed Nora to the edge as she moaned uncontrollably, riding the waves of ecstasy into oblivion.

###

Nora woke up, slightly disoriented, to sunlight streaming onto her face through the window. She felt a warm body next to her, arms and legs entangled with hers. Remembering the events of the previous day, her senses kicked back in. This was her chance to escape. Nora quickly scanned the room, careful to not wake up Red, still asleep next to her. Her bladder soon reminded her she needed her morning pee, but that was going to have to wait for now. Nora spotted Red’s knife lying on the table within reach. She carefully reached out for it, making sure to not wake the girl lying next to her. No matter how well the raider had pleasured her last night, this was just business. Nora brought the knife up to the throat of her adversary, ready to slit it open with a single swipe.

But she couldn’t do it. She couldn’t get herself to kill the girl who, in a convoluted sort of way, had saved her life. The girl who had decided to spare her from the slow, painful death the other raiders would have subjected her to. Nora hesitated for a second as a single drop of blood glistened on the knife tip.

Red’s eyes snapped open. Nora froze in panic as the raider grabbed the back of Nora’s head and … pulled her in for a kiss. The knife slipped out of Nora’s hands as Red stared into Nora’s eyes with that sexy, self-satisfied smirk on her face.

Nora silently wondered if Red used this same sexual manipulation to keep the rest of her raider gang under control. It was clear that it was something she was quite skilled at.

“So, I’m guessing you want your shit back?” The sudden question surprised Nora. The tone of Red’s voice had changed slightly as well, with an edge that made her sound more like a typical raider. Nora wasn’t expecting to just be handed all her gear back. She thought she’d have to fight for it.

“I mean, you want to leave, right? You’d get fucked in 2 seconds going back out into the wastes naked like that… Maybe in more ways than one,” Red quipped. Nora was shocked. She was just being let free! Of course, it wasn’t way out of line with how the raider had treated her previously, but this was more than she had hoped.

“Still don’t understand why you’d be dragging around some of that junk though. But-- ” Red then hesitated, as if she had just noticed something. “But… I have to take care of something first, though.”

Rummaging under the bed, Red pulled ducked down and reappeared with a metal bucket in one hand. Before Nora could figure out what was happening, Red squatted down in full view of Nora and began peeing full force into the bucket. Red let out a sigh of relief as she emptied the contents of her bladder built up from the night before. This only reminded Nora of her own bladder, which was not used to skipping her first-thing-in-the-morning bathroom trip.

“Much easier than going out there and dealing with those shitheads,” Red explained, referring to the other raiders outside. “I’m guessing you have to go too?”

“I think I’m… fine for now,” Nora replied, still quite wary of the situation and not wanting to put herself in a vulnerable position. Her answer was far from the truth, however. Seeing Red’s relief had Nora fantasizing about how good it would feel to pee right now. And it didn’t help that her bladder was still weak from all the holding she had done last night.

“Suit yourself,” Red shrugged, carelessly discarding her urine out the open window. “I could tell from last night you can hold a lot, but not needing a morning piss is pretty damn impressive. Now let’s take care of your stuff.” Red again reached underneath the bed. This time, she began clicking in the combination for a safe, one that Nora had failed to notice in the dim light last night.

Soon, all her gear was laid out on the floor in front of her. Everything was accounted for, from her vault jumpsuit to her highly modified pipe rifle. She began collecting up her stuff and slipped on her neon blue vault jumpsuit once again. The suit was quite tight however, and the additional pressure it put on her bladder had Nora shifting in place while she picked up the last few pieces of her gear.

Noticing this, Red asked, “You sure you don’t gotta pee?”

At this point, Nora figured there was no way she could hold it all the way back to Sanctuary. And making a pit stop in the wasteland isn’t the safest thing ever, so she gave in. She might as well make the most of the opportunity she had now.

Anticipating her response, Red had already picked up the bucket and handed it to Nora, who wasted little time. Her bladder had already started leaking in anticipation as Nora unzipped her jumpsuit. As soon as her clothes were out of the way though, the floodgates opened completely. Nora pressed one hand to the floor as she completely lost control into the bucket, the sound of urine colliding with metal filling the room.

As her stream slowed down, Nora let out a long breath as the tension in her bladder dissipated. Nora could finally relax as she felt free from her bladder for only the second time in the last 12 hours.

“Guess that’s your escape then,” Red said, gesturing at the open window. Nora nodded and approached the window, still bewildered at how the last day had turned out. She gathered herself up to leave, but just before she could hoist herself out the window, Red took her hand from behind.

“So… you’ll come back sometime?” Red inquired, gazing into Nora’s eyes. Nora swore she heard just a hint of pleading, of loneliness, behind all of Red’s charm and toughness, but it might have just been her imagination. That was a crazy idea anyway, venturing back into a raider den, but Nora at least had to thank the girl for keeping the more vicious raiders off her.

“I…appreciate what you did for me. Keeping the rest of those guys away from me. Probably… saved my life.” It felt awkward and a little forced, but Nora couldn’t think of anything else to say.

And with that, she turned away and slipped back into the wasteland, back towards Sanctuary, back towards home.

To be continued....?

As always, your comments and feedback are appreciated.

*002*2019-01-06 01:51

The next part looks like it's going to be long as well, so I'll just be posting as I go. Enjoy.

Chapter 2.1

Nora lay in bed, an aching feeling coming from her bladder. Her vault jumpsuit was unzipped in the front, exposing her bare chest and panties. She ran one hand through her thick, dark hair as the other reached down to slip beneath her underwear. As she explored herself with her fingers, the combination of desperation and arousal left Nora helpless. Her mind wandered back to the raider called Red, who had her in a very similar situation just a couple nights ago.

A sudden knock on her door almost made Nora pee herself. Reality rushed back to her and she hurried down the stairs of her shack in Sanctuary Hills. Ignoring the still pressing urges from her bladder, she zipped her jumpsuit back up and opened the door to whoever had interrupted her fantasies.

Preston Garvey stood outside in his minuteman uniform, a concerned look on his face.

“Hey Nora, just wanted to check on you. I noticed you haven’t been out much since you were captured by those raiders a couple days ago and I wanted to make sure you were all right.”

“Yeah, Preston, I’m fine. I’ve just been…tired, that’s all,” Nora lied. At this point she realized she really had to pee. She had been so caught up with pleasuring herself earlier that she didn’t realize how full her bladder was.

“I know you escaped and all, but you never really gave me all the details and…well, I know Raiders can be pretty fucked up and I’m worried that they, you know, did some…nasty stuff to you.” Preston pressed on.

“No, it was nothing like that,” Nora insisted, trying to appear as casual as possible while obviously shifting in place. She didn’t want her first act as Minuteman General to be wetting herself in front of Preston. “I appreciate that you’re concerned Preston, but now isn’t exactly the best time, okay?”

“Well, if you need someone to talk to, just know that I’m here for you,” Preston relented.

They exchanged their goodbyes and Nora practically slammed the door shut. Now that she was in private again, she shoved both hands into her crotch. Fortunately, her toilet was close by, but she still had to get her vault jumpsuit off. Nora cursed under her breath. She couldn’t count how many close calls she had because the thing was so damn hard to take off. She finally got the zipper down and exposed her bare top again, but by this time a few drops began to leak. She was so close to relief, but the thought only made it worse. As she pulled the suit down her legs, her muscles gave up entirely. A full-fledged stream now messily gushed through her panties and the ecstasy of relief flooded her senses. At this point, Nora just dropped onto the toilet, giving up all control. She gripped the toilet with one hand as her liquids flooded into the bowl. It felt so good she nearly came just letting go of everything she was holding back.

Her stream finally died down and she felt a moment of calm as her bladder relaxed. But looking down at the mess she had just made left her wanting more. Her hand found its way to her panties again, and she hungrily grinded the drenched fabric against herself. It didn’t take long for her to reach orgasm, writhing on the toilet before collapsing back onto the seat.

As she lay there, still in a bit of a daze, her mind began to wander. In a way, Preston had been right. The raiders had done some “nasty” things to her, just not what Preston expected. And she hadn’t been herself since getting captured by the raiders. All she could think about lately was Red, and how much it turned her on to pee herself in front of the girl. In the few days since she had been captured, she had barely left her home in Sanctuary. Instead she spent most of her time reliving that fantasy, intentionally drinking as much as she could and getting off on her full bladder.

But she had to snap out of it somehow. Perhaps she had got so caught up in the whole “saving the commonwealth” thing that she had neglected some of her own needs for too long. And maybe she’d just have to indulge herself before she could return to normal. Her mind wandered back to Red’s invitation to return…

It was still early, she thought. If she got ready soon, she’d have plenty of time to make it to the east side of the commonwealth before nightfall.

*005*2019-04-05 04:22

It didn’t take long for Nora to gather up her armor and begin her trek southeast. It was still light out, though the sun was quickly making its way down towards the horizon. Nora figured she’d make it to her destination a little before sunset.

While her legs made steady progress towards the raider encampment, her lawyer-educated mind was still debating the wisdom of her plan. She couldn’t help thinking that she was going to get herself killed, walking straight into a raider den. Just because she was horny or something. What a way to go that would be.

But with all that on her mind, Nora hadn’t noticed her bladder filling up again until just now. It hadn’t even been an hour since she made a mess all over her own toilet, but then again, she did drink a lot of water to get herself desperate the first time. It wasn’t too surprising she didn’t get it out all in one go.

Nora was still close enough to nip back to Sanctuary to relieve herself, but she didn’t want to waste time starting her journey all over again. Especially since she wanted to make it to her destination before nightfall. It wasn’t safe to take a pee in Concord either, since raiders or dangerous wildlife tended to hole up there. After a bit of deliberation, Nora decided she could just hold it. Plus, she figured her body had already processed most of the liquid and the rate that her bladder was filling would slow down very soon.

###

Nora came over a hill to a view of Walden Pond, marking roughly the three-quarter mark of her journey. The trip had gone rather uneventfully, other than the increasingly urgent need coming from Nora’s bladder. Contrary to what she had expected, her body had not slowed down at all, pumping more and more liquid into her bladder the entire trip.

By now, Nora was really regretting her decision not to turn back when she had the chance. She really hoped there’d be a safe place to relieve herself here. She wasn’t sure how much more her bladder could take. As Nora looped around the pond, she ran across a couple of abandoned buildings, still standing enough to provide some decent cover.

But as she approached the crumbling structures, she noticed several explosives lying around, probably armed and waiting for someone to hit a tripwire. Nora grimaced at the thought, but she had to concede it just wasn’t worth the risk. As if in response, her bladder let out an urgent spasm, causing Nora to squirm in place. She took a deep breath and resolved to hold on for just the last short leg of her trip. It wasn’t that much further.

###

As the old army facility finally came into view, Nora knew relief was in her sights. This was the compound where Red and her raider gang made their base, and more importantly, it would provide a much-needed place for Nora to empty her bladder.

Despite her urgent need, Nora’s instincts were always present, and she began to sneak as she approached the raider base. She still didn’t want to risk being seen by any raiders other than Red herself. She felt her heart racing. The danger of being caught, the tension in her bladder, and the thought of seeing Red’s gorgeous figure again all fought for Nora’s attention, making her head spin.

She snuck over to Red’s window, the same one she had escaped from last time, and peeked in. The room looked empty. Nora tried to consider her options, but she couldn’t even concentrate with all that liquid dying to escape her bladder. She figured it wasn’t doing her much good sitting under the window squirming, though. Nora carefully put one hand on the windowsill and vaulted herself into the room. The act sent a huge spurt into Nora’s panties, but she didn’t care now that she was this close. She began to look around the room for pretty much anything to relieve herself into.

Before Nora knew what was happening, someone grabbed her from behind. Nora yelped, losing another huge spurt, but somehow maintaining control. That was the least of her problems, however, as the unknown raider had her pinned with one arm, the other holding a knife to her throat. For a moment, the two of them stood frozen in that position. It may have only been a few seconds, but under the adrenaline, it felt like an eternity, as a trickle of urine slowly dribbled into Nora’s underwear.

Then something seemed to click. The raider’s grip loosened just a bit, and she spoke up.

“Oh, it’s … you.”

Just the sound of that voice sent Nora’s mind into a feral state. It was beautiful, sexy Red. All she could even think about now was pissing and fucking.

Red had already put the knife away, her hand now wandering down Nora’s thigh. The only thing keeping Nora from tossing Red onto the bed and ravaging her was the steady stream of piss now leaking into her panties.

“Gotta piss…soo bad.” Was all she could manage to eke out.

“Aw, you held it just for me, did you?” Red teased, pulling Nora closer. Nora was just about to soak herself, but the raider just held her even tighter as she tried to squirm free. Without warning, Red squeezed rapidly down on Nora’s bladder. Nora let out a gasp as her muscles gave up control completely.

She closed her eyes as she completely soaked herself in Red’s arms, the water she had drank so much of gushing out all over her vault suit, Red, and the floor. Nora had been holding back plenty to soak both their legs, and the puddle now forming around their feet continued to grow.

As Nora finally released the last few spurts into her jumpsuit, Red let out a chuckle.

“Might as well get that suit off, now that you’ve soaked it.”

Still in a daze from the sudden release, Nora quietly allowed herself to be stripped down and guided onto the bed as Red removed her own clothes. As Red crawled onto the bed, she ran a hand along Nora’s thigh, still wet with piss. Nora pulled Red in for a kiss, as their movements slowly began to speed up. Forgetting their differences, raider and sole survivor moved together, bringing each other to bliss.

