Anonymous Commission: Claire the Nurse

Author: abxy

*000*2023-02-19 14:59

Hello! Here's an anonymous commission that's been on-and-off work for a while now! Finally revised it and got permission to post last night! Just as a heads up: THERE IS NO ACTUAL PEEING IN THIS. It is just a LOT of holding! Thanks 😄

Words: 3,068

COMMISSIONS ARE OPEN! PM ME FOR MORE INFO :}

###

Stars in the chilly night air twinkled overhead as the door to an upscale, authentic cultural restaurant rang open then closed once more. Claire and David had just entered the establishment. This was their third date.

While the place was upscale, it wasn’t “break the bank” bad (despite definitely needing a reservation for the night), and besides, David was falling really hard for Claire. Their first date had been almost a month ago, and they had been texting like crazy when apart from each other.

Claire worked as a well-renowned nurse at a hospital, and didn’t have much time to go out with her new boyfriend as much as she wanted to, so now when they go on dates, David makes sure to make it supremely special for her.

They checked in and followed the waitress to their table, and settled in on high-top chairs, with an even taller table. Immediately, they ordered drinks; wine for the both of them. David had to drive that night, so one would do for him. Meanwhile, throughout their dinner, Claire ordered two more. She had had a long day at work, and wanted to relax a bit. It did not make her more than a bit tipsy, however, and she stopped at three, then ordered water.

When they finished their meal and paid the check, they began to make their way out. David had needed to use the bathroom and finally decided to excuse himself to use it while on their way out. To his astonishment, Claire did not enter the women’s room, despite drinking so much alcohol during dinner.

When he got out and noticed Claire still standing there, he decided to quietly ask, “Aren’t you going to use the bathroom?”

She waved her hand at him and declared just as quietly, “Me? I don’t bother with public bathrooms; I don't really need them. My bladder is pretty strong as is.”

David’s eyes almost grew wide in astonishment. He had… a thing for women with gigantic, strong bladders, that are able to hold their weight in gold. Hearing his girlfriend (whose relationship with him was albeit still developing) say this practically made him turn bright red in response. He should have guessed it, due to her being a nurse who works and stands for at least eight-to-twelve hours a day; it just never popped into his head. However, he was extremely embarrassed about what he liked, and refused to tell her, ever. He wanted to avoid a world of embarrassment and make her feel awkward, and besides, what if she decided to leave him due to his thing for large bladdered women? It was highly unlikely, as it was relatively harmless, but still… It burned the back of his mind like a scorching-hot poker.

They made their way to the car, and David began to drive, navigating his way to Claire’s abode to drop her off for the night. He had a lovely night, but it was time to depart for the time being. She had a full day of nurse work tomorrow at the hospital, and it was imperative she got some early shut-eye.

He dropped her off, giving her a chaste kiss on her lips before she opened the door and got out.

David sighed, reminiscing on how she refused to use the toilet earlier, knowing he was going to be thinking about that for at least a few days.

***************

The car was successfully parallel parked in the busy street. The coffee shop stood just before David. It was time for his fourth date with his “girlfriend,” Claire.

He did not bring her this time; he was supposed to be meeting her at three-thirty, sharp. He swung his phone out from his pocket to check the time: three-twenty-five.

David entered the cafe and navigated through the sea of empty tables, scarcely some with a person on their laptop or someone with a coffee on their phone. It was semi-empty, as they picked a day in the middle of the week in the afternoon. Claire’s work schedule had been insanely busy that week, and they finally managed to find one day to mingle in the midst of chaotic nursing.

He plopped into a wooden chair and checked the time again: three-twenty-eight.

A minute later, the door rang open, and there she was, all bright and beautiful.

She was gorgeous today; wearing a little navy-blue turtleneck, and a pair of black leggings that hugged her body perfectly. David couldn’t help but stare, almost gawk lovingly.

He walked up to her, and greeted her sweetly, a smile plastered on his face. She smiled back and greeted him just as kindly. They embraced quickly, then let go of each other just as fast.

David ordered his usual small hot coffee with regular sugar, no cream, while Claire ordered a large espresso with extra sugar and cream.

They navigated back to a table once they acquired their beverages, and began to chat, sipping their coffees carefully at first, then taking larger sips as they cooled.

Surprisingly, Claire finished her larger beverage considerably quicker than David did, and he ordered a small; he liked to drink it slowly, while Claire preferred to chug it down.

Enough time of chatting had passed before David noticed an urgent need alarming within his abdomen; he had to urinate very badly, as coffee tends to go right through him depending on the day. Today was one of those days.

He excused himself and made his way to the restroom to relieve himself. As he did so, he imagined how Claire must be feeling internally, what with her large coffee and all. Did she have to go to the bathroom too? How badly? His mind started wandering, and he got so caught up in it he realized he had finished moments ago. He finished up, washed his hands, and exited, proceeding to sit down with his new girlfriend again.

They continued to sit and talk among each other for about another hour or so, before growing out of topics to talk about for the day. By the time they had started dwindling off, Claire’s large hot coffee was long gone.

The two of them decided to wrap and head their separate ways, but before they got up, David nonchalantly asked, “Hey, do you need to use the restroom before you go?” Just a quick comment, nothing more, nothing less.

Just like the last time they went out, Claire disregarded it entirely. “I don’t like public bathrooms. They’re just so… uncouth…” she replied.

David hid his internal feelings quite well, but it took him by such a shock that she just outright refused using any sort of public bathroom, even after the large coffee she finished in what felt like two minutes.Not only that, she lived roughly fifteen minutes from the coffee shop they had today’s date at, with plenty of stop lights and signs on the way there.

After giving her a kiss on the cheek goodbye, he climbed into his car, and sat there, pondering his new girlfriend’s bladder. Sure, it was a silly and weird thing to think over, but considering how much he regularly consumed stuff like that, women with what seemed like gigantic bladders, he just could not help but wonder about Claire and her bodily needs.

Sure, he knew she worked a strenuous job with practically no breaks, so she must have had to literally train herself to hold it for hours upon hours. He wondered how small her bladder must have been before she started working as a nurse, or if she was already strong-willed in that compartment even before it.

He loved the idea of her not going. He did not want to admit it to himself, but it did excite him quite a bit. He just wanted her to drink consistently, and work a full twelve hour shift with zero breaks, and see her come home, frantic with a protruding abdomen. What she did with it was lost in his head, however; he just wanted to appreciate the bulge. What happened with it, he was not too excited for. It was odd, even quirky of him, he believed, but hey, at least it could be a worse “fetish,” like something actually immoral. He reassured himself it was harmless. And it was, mostly.

He started the car and drove back to his apartment. While he remained diligent and focused on the road, his mind occasionally slipped back to Claire’s bladder, and continued some time after he got home.

***************

David sighed nervously. He was in his room preparing for his fifth date with Claire, his biggest yet: they were going to the movies together. He considered that enough of a third base for him, personally. A real “third base” meant nothing for him right now.

He loved Claire for who she was, and wanted to see her again incredibly much so.

Also, her bladder. Her abnormally large, able-to-hold-whatever bladder.

He had to pick her up for the movie theater relatively soon. He was not running late by any means, but he still wanted to be there early, even if he had to sit in the parking lot of her apartment complex for a bit. David pulled his pants on, buttoned and zipped them, then applied his belt through the loops.

After spraying on some cologne and grabbing his wallet and keys, he exited his apartment household and got in his car, and did his mini peptalk he engages in whenever he sees Claire.

“This will go swimmingly. You know this. The past few dates have been incredible! You know this will go well, so do not even try to tell me it will not. You got this. This will be the best date yet.”

David suffers from some anxiety, especially regarding his dates with new women. He had seen some girls before this, but none of them stuck to him like Claire did. He met her through some random dating app and seemingly clicked the first time they went out together, a simple park date. They walked along the trail and talked for what felt like hours, stopping sometimes to greet people and pet any dog they saw.

It was perfect. He would have almost fallen in love right then and there. He wanted to stay with her for quite some time, if not forever, especially if they grew even closer on this date. He knew he could not be thinking that far ahead, but still, it just felt right. Fate and whatnot.

After David gave himself his peptalk, he started the car and began the trip to pick up his girlfriend.

After what felt like a few moments, he had arrived at the car lot the apartment complex borders. He turned his vehicle off and got his phone out to text her that he had arrived, and would be waiting patiently in his car. She knew his car model by heart at this point, and recognized it quite easily.

His phone buzzed back with a reply, stating she would be out promptly.

She had a shorter than usual day at work, not as strenuous, and was off for the next day, so he figured tonight would be a great way to relax for her, and to have a nice date.

They were going to see some romantic comedy that had just come out, something lighthearted and fun, and she mentioned before how much she loved them. While they were not David’s thing typically, he was willing to endure it for her. Heck, maybe he would even like the movie in the long run, who knows.

David sat there for a few moments longer, playing with his phone, until the sound of the passenger door opening jolted him back to reality.

There was Claire, as gorgeous as ever.

She was wearing a casual outfit this time; a regular pair of blue jeans, a simple fuchsia ribbed sweater, and a modest amount of glittering jewelry, including a nice necklace.

David stared in awe for just a second, before quickly shaking his head a bit.

“How are you tonight?” he asked her.

She replied, “Good! Today wasn’t too bad; patients were very compliant and I did not have to do too much dirty work. I had just gotten home, also.”

Her amount of “dirty work,” whether it was cleaning up soiled patients or dealing with outright stuff like skin issues and such, varied from day to day. Some days there was way more than this, if not most days.

“Ah, that’s great, babe!” David beamed, then realized what he did.

They had not called each other any sort of sweet pet name yet, Hell, they hadn’t even said “I love you,” to each other yet! How could he blurt out such a thing?!

However, instead of being taken aback, Claire beamed with him. Finally, to be his “babe,” meant everything to her practically. She refused to show it or say it, but she had been waiting for that moment for quite some time.

Despite how awkward the situation felt to David, Claire reveled in it, and got into the car. He proceeded to greet her properly with a simple, quick peck to the cheek.

He started the car and they made their way to the massive movie theater, holding around ten or so screens. Many people were expecting this movie, even though David did not realize it. It was the upcoming hit film of the year despite being a romcom. He knew he would enjoy it, despite it being outside of his preferred genres.

They parked and got out, then walked through the cold night air to the front entrance and were greeted by a heater blasting in their faces. It was nearing the end of the fall, but their geographical position made it so they did not get snow, just the bitter cold of winter.

They went to the ticket counter and purchased the tickets for the romantic comedy, then proceeded to the snack bar. There, they acquired an extra large popcorn (David figured he could splurge a bit for this big date), and each of them got a soda: David a medium Coke, while Claire got an extra large lemon-lime soda.

As they walked to their designated theater, they passed by a pair of doors for the restrooms, with an accommodating family/neutral bathroom to the side.

“Hey, Claire, you think you need to use the bathroom before the movie?” David reluctantly asked his girlfriend.

“To be honest with you, I do. Since I was running late getting home, I haven’t used the restroom since this morning. I did tell you I do refuse to use public bathrooms; they’re just so… unhygienic!” she said with a slight squeal to her tone.

David’s face shone bright red as they navigated through the halls, eventually finding their door to the movie.

They sat down, right near the back, and settled in with the popcorn and sodas. It was a pretty fancy theater, allowing you to have leg space in front of your seat. Claire gently reclined in hers.

The previews began, and they sat attentively watching them. There seemed to be some good movies up and coming, but all David’s mind could traverse to was Claire’s seemingly full bladder, as she stated before.

The movie was close to two hours long, so she should be able to hold up, right?

However, after the previews ended and Claire began sipping on her soda plentifully, David noticed something out of the corner of his eye: her squirming a bit.

It started with her reluctantly becoming non reclining. She started with her left leg crossed over her right. Then it escalated to her slightly scissoring and fanning her legs. David took a look out of the corner of his eye, as he did not want to surprise her too much by suddenly turning his head.

He carefully noticed her face in the light of the quarter-way-through movie, noticing her face glowing red a bit.

Finally, he sighed, and turned to face her.

“Hey, Claire, babe, how are you holding up?” David whispered in her ear.

She turned even brighter at this comment. “I-I don’t need to! I’ll be fine. It’ll be dirty anyways!” she loudly whispered.

He was shocked at her response. He didn’t even ask about the bathroom! “Aren’t you a nurse? Can’t you go longer than this typically?” David asked quietly. He was genuinely curious at this predicament, as typically she could go twelve-or-so hours without a pee.

Claire shook her extra large soda cup, to reveal ice rattling around inside, sounding as though it were half full or nearing empty.

“I drank more than I should have.”

“Ah. Well…” David had no words. How was he supposed to focus on the movie now, now that his girlfriend’s massive bladder seemed massively full?

While the Hollywood-perfect woman on the screen was swooning over a man who did not know of her mere existence yet, David was swooning over his girlfriend’s abdominal pouch. It seemed weird to him, but hey, whatever worked. The movie started off quite boring anyways, and was beginning to regret it at one point. He wanted to hustle through it for Claire, though.

As the movie progressed onwards, he saw Claire’s state decline rapidly. She was not acting childish, though; just subtle quirks and movements to keep her bladder in check.

Even though she was a smart nurse, Claire seemed to be dumbly drinking her soda, exasperating her condition. Why she was doing it, David had no clue. Must have been tasty.

The movie continued onwards until, before he knew it, it was the final climax, and the woman in the movie was kissing the guy she had loved so dearly throughout the film, or getting married; David’s mind has been preoccupied with Claire’s bladder for close to two hours.

As people started rising from their seats, and the lights began to brighten, David got up and saw his girlfriend in detail: sweat dripping from her, her face flushed.

“Now will you go to the bathroom?” David asked her.

She simply smiled and shook her head “No.”

“What is her bladder made of?!” David thought.

They got up, walked slowly to his car, and even as they passed the restrooms, Claire did not give up. She proceeded to the car, hobbling practically.

*005*2023-02-24 02:39

{{7 hours ago, Frooger said:

Great story, love the holding with no wetting, hope you write new chapter?

}}

{{15 hours ago, holdit247 said:

Eager to read the next chapter. It's excellent so far.

}}

Unfortunately it was a commission! if the commissioner wants to buy another chapter, i will gladly write one, or if someone else wants to DM me! i typically do $10 per 1k words but i can bend my prices for budgets!

{{16 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

Now this is my kind of story! 😄

}}

{{16 hours ago, rebeljaffa said:

I love this kind of scenario!

}}

Very happy to hear!! 😄

