Sun and Moon, Faust style. - Page 2

Author: AuthorFaust

*027*2016-12-28 06:46

While Faust's own embarrassment was evident, Moon seemed no less dissuaded from her righteous fury by the arrival of the blonde.

"Right!" she called, indignantly. "Faust has called into question the honor of my Iron-clad body! From head to toe, my body is a fortress of stability and strength...And I intend to prove it here and now!"

There's an almost audible silence...As Faust leaned in closer.

"I made a mistake.." he uttered quietly, whispering. "Please save me."

"U..Umm..." the blonde called, before Faust felt his arm being yanked nearly out of socket by the petite black haired girl.

"NO MERCY! NO RETREAT! NO REGRETS!"

He was lucky to have had enough time to get Litten's pokeball back from Nurse Joy, before being forced to go along the outside of the town with Moon.

For two hours, Moon preached and coached at him about everything....From the supposed 'Perfect Throwing Motion' for Pokeballs, to 'Identifying Pokemon at a glance'....To 'Learning that the salons charge you before you get your hair cut, down to reviewing every status ailment, and their proper care.

"Now! Any questions, Student?" the commanding voice of the girl called..As Faust held up a hand.

"Two, actually.." he started quietly, having reluctantly gone along with it...For fear of what the person would do to him if he tried to bail. Pokemon or no, he wasn't going to be able to escape her relentless predatory instincts. "One: Can I try to catch my first pokemon now?"

"Yes. Yes you may. And the second?"

"Second.." Faust started, before gesturing downward. "You..erm...Are you going to go to the bathroom now?"

The girl had been trying her hardest to keep her stern, commanding tone firm...But over the course of the past hour, Faust had spotted the girl's legs sticking a bit closer together...Her body quivering a fair amount as she stood.....and more than a few times, did he catch the girl pressing the back of her palm into her shorts-clad crotch.

"N..No...I'm..F..Fine.." she called, stretching herself out. One hand went behind her back, and one rested at her hip. "You...You must just be too entranced by my feminine wiles. You're seeing things.."

....

'Somehow, I doubt that..' Faust thought to himself, watching the girl admirably pose for a few likely agonizing moments...before her hands quickly flopped down to her lap, and she bounced on her toes a bit....

"A..Any..Any..anyways..We've..We've got one more hour..." she shakily responded, trying to calm her shaking legs....and hide her hastened breath. "T..th..th..that'll be enough time for you to....to catch your first pokemon...F..F..F..Faust.."

Had Faust not spent the past two hours being lectured by said petite girl, he might have felt some sort of pity towards her. As it was though, he shook his head.

"Alright." he answered, simply. "I'll catch my first pokemon, and then 'Moon's Crash Course In pokemon Training School' can be over."

The girl gave a firm....if shaky nod, and he started along...walking Oh..... So........ Slow...ly.....Down the path.

"P...P..Pick up the pace!" Moon gasped out, as Faust merely stretched his arms back behind his head.

"Just keeping my eyes peeled." The boy called, adopting a slightly cruel grin."Moon's Crash Course Rule number 3. Always keep an eye out for Rare and powerful pokemon when you're out exploring."

He could see the girl lightly seething between squirms..The parroting of one of her many rules certainly riling the girl up...As she stamped her feet.

"W..W..Well, Rule number 32! The slowpoke never gets the Shellder!"

"Oh, so now I'm a Slowpoke?" Faust snapped back, the girl biting her lip as she shook her head.

"J..just pick up the pace!" she snapped, exasperated...As Faust reluctantly started towards the grass with the girl..Faust peeked around as they entered....only to see a giant, oversized ladybug appear.

"A..Ah.! A Ledyba!" Moon called, gesturing. "N..Now..Weaken it, and then use what i t..t..t..taught you!"

Faust nodded his head, and pulled out his pokeball, tossing it down.

"Come on out, Litten!" he called, the small black and red cat emerging at this...with a small 'Rrrowl'.

'Now...Just have to weaken it, and throw a pokeball..' he thought, looking to Litten. 'A fire attack would probably be a bit much, but maybe a scratch..'

He held out a hand, and gestured.

"Litten, use scratch!" he called, Litten lunging with a powerful slash....And the Ledyba positively tumbled to the ground, eyes swirled. "...Ah..?"

"Uwah?! You..You hit it..with a critical..!" Moon cried out, as if he'd just attacked her grandfather in cold blood. "A...and..and.."

The Ledyba quickly scurried away from the area before he could even react, It being an unfortunate side-effect of battling. Rather than actually knocking the pokemon out, it seemed when a pokemon was injured severely...It would flee the area to recover.

'Explains why people don't throw the balls, AFTER fainting the pokemon..' he unfortunately rationalized to himself, as Moon seemed to quiver.

"N..No time to feel bad for it.." she stammered out, pointing wildly. "J..just..Just try again! You'll get your chance in no time!"

...

But, time after time...instance after instance...The boy's Litten proved to be too formidable of an adversary for the pokemon he encountered on the hill. Small mongooses with vicious fangs...Small bugs of silver...more of the overgrown ladybugs...even a tiny caterpillar...

All fell before the unfortunately fortunate might of Litten.....

And, after the seventh consecutive victory....The black haired girl wailed.

"A..Agghhhaaa....!! L..Let'sjustgosomewhereelse!" she exclaimed, spinning on her heels....Palms buried in her crotch. She was far from playing off her need as just a figment of his imagination...no....

She was bursting....And, if things didn't change soon, she would likely be in need of her own kind of change..

"You know.....H.How about we head to the pokemon center?" he called innocently, gesturing. "Litten's probably tired...We can..take a break, and.."

"No!...N..No...No..We can't...Can't break....No break..." she answered, sounding stunted. "Can't break....Can't....Can't stop."

Faust rolled his eyes, and moved over, gripping the girl's shoulder.

"Look, you're about to explode, Moon. I'm sorry for the bladder comment, but you don't need to..."

"C..Can't...Can't stop..." she whimpered again, echoing her last words.

"Yes...Yes you can." Faust stated, firmly. "Look, it was a comment in bad taste, and I'm Sorry! I just got a bit miffed and.."

"Ca...Can't.....S..s...ssstop.." the girl whimpered once more.....As Faust opened his mouth to protest again...

Pssssshhh....Pssssssssssssssshhhhh

Realizing all too late that she was no longer thinking about his failure as a pokemon-catcher. Nor was she thinking about proving herself. Nor, commanding him further. No, she was...

"I...I can't stooooop iiiiiit..." she started to sniffle, shiver, and groan....The sea-green short-shorts she wore quickly turning a much deeper, almost forest green. Faust could see clear gushing liquid pouring down the girl's legs in sheets....cascading down her inner thighs....As her knees wobbled and knocked...The girl starting to slowly sag as her body cemented the call for her......

Her 'Iron-clad' body rusting up to the sheer power of piddle....As she gasped in shock and horror....Faust merely staring transfixed by the girl's explosive accident.

"A..Ah...Moon..I'm s...So so sorry.." he weakly stated...as he could see the girl's eyes welling up with tears.

"I...I...I'd like to go to that pokemon center n..Noooow..." she sobbed gently, the boy nodding...And helping her to her shaking, quivering legs.

It was a short, but painfully quiet and awkward walk back to the pokemon center, Faust not knowing what to say to the girl. He barely made it in the door before she went charging inside....Practically wailing to Nurse Joy about what happened.

"I...Ijusht....and...and.." Moon sniffled, as Faust watched the older woman nod and take Moon away...Likely going to get her some fresh clothes, and the like. He felt more than a bit guilty for having egged her on more, and more than a bit frustrated that he hadn't caught anything.

'Maybe...Maybe I'm not cut out to be a pokemon Trainer..' he thought to himself, turning back out of the pokemon center, and starting to quietly pace through the town.....

===

AuthorFaust: As always, Faust hopes you enjoyed reading Faust's Sun and Moon Adventures.

*030*2016-12-28 16:12

{{3 hours ago, Curiousanon said:

One of my big favorites is Gallade, though I have a feeling that you're going to pick anything BUT the male only species if you plan to put one in the story. Another choice is Lucario (yes cliché I know). and my favorite Alolan pokemon is Alolan Raichu (It' s so cute!)

Oops... missed the question window

}}

AuthorFaust: The Question window is never closed!

