Wet Waking

Author: Autumn

*000*2020-02-08 09:03

Rose is sleeping peacefully cuddled up next to her wife on smooth black cotton sheets and bedding. Something stirs her awake. Not knowing what at first she looks at the clock. It is 3 minutes past midnight. Why am I awake at this time she wonders. She feels it then a twinge in her lower abdomen and a tiny amount of wetness in her navy blue knickers. She needed to pee and was close already to having an accident.

The night is cold and she does not want to get out from under the covers where it's warm, and Rita has been having troubles sleeping due to stress and anxiety so she does not wish to disturb her. Rose cannot ignore the feeling though and tries to hold it and go back to sleep. My bladder will ache in the morning if I do this, but my body can hold it til then she tells herself.

It's no good. 10 minutes pass and she still lies there, the urge to pee is just getting stronger and she cannot ignore the feeling. Her right hand reaches down to touch herself while her left stays wrapped firmly around Rita. A gasp of air escapes her lips as she touches the head of her penis through her underwear. The slight dampness only heightening the sensation of pleasure that starts to well inside her.

Slowly at first she rubs in the wetness into her surrounding skin, her breath quickens, another gasp of air escapes her and she looks over the red curls of Rita's hair to check she is still fast asleep. Sure that she is Rose continues to pleasure herself. A small amount of urine leaks out as she does so, the damp spot on her underwear widens to about the size of a teacup but she can't stop just yet.

Rose is getting more and more excited, her hand moves inside her underwear now so she can stimulate her senses more directly. Another drop of pee escapes but her coming orgasm is competing with the force of her bladder. She squeezes her legs tight together over her hand and her penis and pushes with her thighs forward and back ever so slightly. Back and forth back and forth, a little faster a little harder she goes. Eventually The sensation goes through her entire body and completely lost in the moment she pees herself. Leaking onto the sheets and the bottoms of Rita's pyjamas the orgasm finally reaches it's climax and Rose just turns her body over onto her back, a smile and a look of relief and intense pleasure combined on her face.

Rita rolls over to face her wife now and from Rita's eyes to Rose's own Rose knows she's been caught.

"Are you having fun?" Rita softly asks.

Rose gives her wife a smile and a nod "I think we need to change the sheets again honey"

Fin

Not my first attempt at writing an erotic scene, but I have been out of practice for a few years. Comments and constructive criticism is welcome and appreciated.

