My first story

Author: amasonbo1

*000*2018-11-11 19:55

My name is Mason. In my senior year, I had a crush on a girl, Danielle. We would talk in class, and text back and forth a lot. She was about 5”2’, had straight medium length brown hair with blonde highlights. Her smile could light up a room. I thought she was so fucking hot. Eventually, I get the courage to ask her out. She says yes! She had told me that she's never been skiing before, so I'm taking her to a ski place an hour and a half away. It's way out in the country, off of the interstate.

We get there, buy our tickets, and start getting ready. I ask her,

“Do you need to use the bathroom before we go? Because I'm going to”.

“No, I'm good” , Danielle replied.

With that taken care of, we head out. We ski around for about two hours before heading back in for dinner. We get food, and Danielle also gets a large hot chocolate. She drinks all of it, and I use the bathroom again before we head back out. We ski around for a few hours, having a good time. While waiting in line for the lift, I notice out of the corner or my eye that it looks like she squeezes her legs and puts her hand in her crotch, and a slight grimace appears on her face. My mind immediately thinks that she must have to pee, and is holding herself. My head starts racing with different scenarios where she is desperately bursting, and ends up losing the battle. Then the other, logical part of my brain kicks in and says,

“Come on, that's not gonna happen. You just saw her adjusting her snow pants or something!”

We get on the lift, and she tries crossing her legs, but since she has skis on, she ends up hitting the chair and my skis with her skis about a thousand times before successfully crossing her legs.

“Why the hell are you sitting like that?” I ask.

“What do you mean?” Danielle replies.

“With your legs crossed. You do know that's gonna be a pain in the ass to untangle at the top of the hill, right?”

“I always sit like this, why is is such a big deal?”

At that moment, the lift stops.

“What's happening?” she asks.

“Probably someone doesn't know how to get off a lift”, I say.

She lets out a sigh. My mind is back to thinking of her wetting herself again. The lift is still off after 5 minutes, she says to me, with a almost fearful, desperate tone,

“What the fuck is taking so long!”

Right then, as if she said the magic words, it starts again. We get to the top, and go down. At the bottom, Danielle turns to me and goes,

“I'm cold and tired, can we go home now?”

“Yeah it's almost 10PM, we should get going”, I say.

We pack up, and she seems to be in quite a hurry to go, even yelling at me for going “too slow”. Changing out of her old clothes, she puts on some gray leggings, a pair of converse, and a red sweatshirt. Sitting down in the car I hear her give an audible moan, I ask her if she's okay.

“Yeah, don't worry about me!”

I start driving, and I notice that she has crossed her legs again, right this time. I then remember that I haven't seen her use the bathroom the entire time we were there. My mind is again thinking of all the scenarios that could play out. Five minutes go by, and she shoves her hand in her crotch, and moans loudly enough to be heard over our very loud music. Five more minutes, another loud moan, I look over, and she's wincing.

“Are you okay?”

“Yep, I'm fine”, as she says this, another she grimaces again.

Five more minutes and she shouts out,

“Mason I'm sorry but I'm about to piss myself pull over!”

“I'm on the freeway, I can't, but I'll get off at the next exit”, I say.

“Well fucking hurry up! I'm not joking it's an emergency!”

The cat is out of the bag, she has to pee. Danielle is now full-o holding herself in my passenger seat. She unbuckled the seat belt and is rocking back and forth. One hand down her crotch, and sitting on the other fist. Double crossed legs. She's whimpering. She sees an exit, and she yells out,

“Exit right there! To the right!”

“Yeah I see it, relax. You'll be fine”, I say.

There was one problem. That exit, was actually a freeway junction. We were now on a different interstate. I realize what happened, and I go,

“Shit sorry this is another freeway”.

This freeway wasn't in as good shape as the other. Bumps and potholes everywhere. I didn't see a pothole, and I hit it head on.

“Oh shit oh sh- Mason, I'm fucking pissing myself! Stop the car!”

I could hear it before I even looked over. The hissing was so loud I could hear it over the music and her yelling. Pee is dripping down her legs, all over her shoes and the seat and floor. Then, I see an exit. It's a rest area. I turn, and pee is still dripping.

“Oh my god it's still coming out!” Danielle says.

I pull into a spot, and I see the last few drops of pee run down her legs to the floor. She's sobbing as she opens the door, and gets out. Her leggings have turned almost completely dark gray, her converse are tinted light yellow, and my seat is soaked. She runs to the women's restroom and stays there for a while. After about ten minutes, she comes back out. She's still crying. I now see that some of the pee even got on her sweatshirt. I try to comfort her, telling her it's okay and we all have accidents sometimes. Danielle says,

“I don't like using the bathrooms at other places. Before you picked me up, I had a glass of water, but you came early so I didn't have time to go to the bathroom. I thought it would be okay, I hold through 8 hours of school all the time, but I was wrong. I haven't peed since I woke up and I just really had to go. I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I'll help you clean it up.”

“No,” I say, “You need to get home. I'll clean it. Don't worry about it.”

We didn't have any other clothes, so she just had to sit in it the last hour home.

When I pulled into her driveway, I stopped her before she got out and said,

“I had fun today. Maybe we could do this again, but without the accidents?”

“Yeah,” Danielle said. “I'd like that. Next time, I'll pee before”.

*002*2018-11-11 20:42

{{15 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was so good

}}

Glad you liked it!

