Chib: An Omorashi Fiction - Page 3

Author: Astraptera

*050*2023-09-10 01:07

Part 35

Del sat on one of the larger stones on the beach so that Althea could look at the scratches on her leg. They both kept an eye out toward the water; the beach was mercifully clear of wading birds. For now.

"They bled a lot for such shallow cuts," said Althea. "Still, I'd like to get them cleaned up. If we go back to my room I can mend your pants too."

Del was grateful to whoever had picked dark-colored security uniforms on the way back to the complex: the wet spots in her pants were almost indistinguishable when they weren't in direct sunlight. The halls weren't as empty as Del had hoped, but the people bustling about with overflowing office bins and cleaning supplies didn't even glance in Del and Althea's direction.

"Have you got a needle and thread?" asked Del as they entered Althea's room. "I didn't think to bring my sewing kit."

Althea shut her door before responding, "I was just gonna use my sewing machine." She pulled out a bin of clothes and set it on her bed to go through it. Del stood next to her, watching awkwardly.

"You have a sewing machine? Here?" Del said, staring at the silverling model miniature airships. The toe of a tiny, overdarned green sock stuck out of the bin on the shelf underneath.

"Clay helped me sneak it in. WS monitors my spending, and both my children back home are over ten, so I can't just get a onesie and tell the management it's for one of them." Althea selected a light blue pair of drawstring shorts, patterned with white pinstripes and pink flowers. " Will these be alright? They're a little girly but they're my only pair with a drawstring."

Althea held up a pair of light shorts and Del took them. A pink ribbon in the waistband served as the drawstring. Del hadn't showered since the last time she'd been to Althea's room and took the opportunity to have one, undressing in the bathroom. Del handed her pants through the door to Althea with her socks and damp underwear bundled neatly inside. To Del's horror, Althea unfolded the pants, took out Del's damp unmentionables, and tossed them neatly into the washer.

"You're not gonna wash them first?" Del asked, peering owlishly through the door.

"You're supposed to wash them after you mend them," said Althea. "Besides, they're only damp. Just use soap and water on your leg for now. You can use my hair products, just go light on the conditioner. A little goes a long way."

Del washed the scratches on her leg with soap and water first as Althea had instructed. The hair products sat on a little raised wooden stand in the corner. Smudges of purple bath crayon extended behind the bottles on the tile. Del stared at it while she washed her hair, and when she picked up the conditioner she uncovered part of a letter, which in turn was part of a string of smeared letters. After some squinting, Del could make out a "C" and an "A." Del didn't notice how much conditioner was in her hand until she put it on her head. It hadn't been much more than usual so Del got to rinsing her hair.

A knock came at the bathroom door, and it opened a crack. "Del?"

"Yeah?" Del noticed an odd smell. Was it the conditioner, she thought vaguely, running a hand through her hair. She looked at the bottle and read that it was citrus and herb scented. The odor in the air, which was starting to tingle in her sinuses, was strong and chemical. Del conceded to herself that it could be herbal; lots of plants smelled bad.

"How much longer are you going to be in here?" asked Althea. There was something oddly agitated about her tone.

"Uh...I'll be a few minutes," Del said. "I see what you meant about the conditioner."

"Well, your hair will look fabulous when it dries," said Althea. "Could you shut the window in the shower?"

"Is everything okay?" Del reached up and shut the window, which noticeably cut off the strange smell.

Althea hesitated. "Yeah. They're just venting the tanks of hydrostasis fluid. The wind doesn't normally blow the fumes this way, but I close my windows when I smell it." Del, having had very little experience with anything involving hydrostasis, took her word for it. "Shall I lock the bathroom door?"

"Uh...sure," said Del. "I've almost got my hair rinsed out, so I won't be long." It occurred to her that Althea could come into the bathroom at any time, and she let her mind roll with that even as she heard Althea click the lock and lock herself out. Del hadn't been particularly horny when she'd gotten into the shower; all of a sudden all of the built-up frustration and tension from the past few days came rushing back, and she couldn't ignore it anymore. She imagined Althea opening the shower curtain, and leaned back, throbbing heavily under the steady jets of the shower. Del's hand began drifting down to fondle herself, but before her mind could finish the fantasy, she felt herself tipping over the edge. She clapped her hand over her mouth just in time to muffle the cry of surprise when she exploded.

After a confused but intense few seconds, Del sank to her knees on the shower mat, panting and shaking. She was just starting to catch her breath when Althea knocked on the bathroom door.

"Del? You okay in there?" Althea called through the door.

Del took a deep breath and said as steadily as she could, "Yeah, I'm um...I'm fine." Most of the cum had spattered the shower wall, which was both mortifying and slightly disappointing: after several days of waiting, she thought there would've been more.

"Once Del caught her breath, she took out the shower brush and gave the wall a quick scrub. While she was at it, she scrubbed away the bath crayon letters that Althea had missed. Del was careful to make sure everything was cleaned and put away before she got dressed. She liked the shorts; they were short and a little baggy on her thin, tall frame, but it made the shorts fall like a miniskirt. Althea had been right about Del's hair too; it dried soft and shiny and with slightly more of a wave than usual.

Althea knocked again. "Del? Are you almost done?"

"Yeah," said Del. She gave everything a quick once-over and unlocked the door.

"You were right about the condi-" Del stopped in the doorway. Althea was in the kitchenette across the room from the bathroom door. She'd backed a chair up to the counter and stood on it, pants around her ankles, balancing her butt precariously over the sink. She looked as shocked as Del was when they made eye contact, and let go, wobbling on her chair and spraying into the sink. "-tioner." Del finished. Althea started losing her balance, and the movement caused a splash over the side of the counter onto the chair and floor. She started to fall forward and Del crossed the room, caught her by the shoulders, and set her gently back upright. Del felt a brief warm spray on her unscratched leg and tried hard not to think about it as Althea regained her balance.

"Thanks, Del," said Althea, breathless. "How's um...how's your leg?"

Del didn't want to look down and fixed her gaze on a mug next to the sink. "A little sore. I washed it with soap and water like you told me to. Does that mean I can get away without the antiseptic spray?" she asked hopefully. She couldn't step away without Althea wobbling again on the chair, so Del stood there shuffling her wings self-consciously behind her with her hands on Althea's shoulders.

"Don't worry, I go out of my way to get the sting-free stuff," said Althea. "Even if I didn't have a young child to think about I wouldn't use the WS brand."

Althea didn't wait to drip after she finished and stood up as she stepped down off the chair. Del looked away dutifully while Althea pulled up her pants.

________________________________________________

I should draw Del and May more. Here's a partially botched jpeg of Tulip:

&&

&&&&&&&&

*055*2023-09-17 21:13

Thanks. 🙂 I'm glad you're enjoying them.

Chib Pt 36

Del cleaned up the kitchen while Althea changed her clothes in the bathroom. Del dropped the towels into the washer with her socks and underwear and saw her pants. They sat inside-out near the washer, neatly pinned with a scrap of gray t-shirt that almost matched the uniform fabric.

Althea emerged from the bathroom in clean clothes with the dreaded antiseptic spray, and directed Del to sit on the couch.

"It was really nice of you to clean up out here," Althea said conversationally, kneeling by the couch.

"Well you're only sewing up my pants for me," said Del. "My nephew offered to teach me to use a sewing machine in exchange for his flying lessons. I wish I'd taken him up on it."

"What did you take instead?" Althea removed the lid and did a test spray from the small aerosol can on the heel of her hand. It took an effort for Del not to shrink away when Althea went for the saline wipes.

"Well," said Del, wincing at the cold wipe. It didn't hurt but she didn't let herself relax yet. "He wanted to pay me my normal rate, but he's still too young to get a job." Del tensed up when Althea raised the antiseptic spray. The spray was cold, but didn't sting like she'd expected. "I told him we'd discuss it when we got him into the flying trials."

"How long have you been teaching him?" asked Althea, packing up the first aid kit.

"About a year and a half," said Del.

Althea turned to Del, opened her mouth to speak, and closed it again. Just when Del thought Althea wasn't going to say anything, Althea blurted out, "I saw the letter in your pocket. Was it about him?"

Del nodded, and Althea winced at her expression. "What did you do with it?" Del asked in a flat tone. She was still seething about the letter's contents and didn't want to talk about it.

"It's next to the washer. Would you like it back?" Althea held the letter out to Del, who silently took it and pocketed it in her uniform jacket.

"I could go for some tea right now," Althea announced brightly. "Would you like some, Del?"

Once Althea had the kettle on, she took about two minutes to set up her sewing machine on the fold-out ironing board. She had just enough time to thread it before the kettle whistled.

Unusually for a day on the clock, Del didn't feel bad about curling up on the couch with Althea's safe-for-humans tea. When Althea found it was safe to open the window, it was starting to rain. The air was fresh and chilly, and Althea put on a series of Haman period dramas while she worked at the sewing machine. Del dozed off, nested in the blankets.

Del found herself in a culturally Haman dwelling, in a boardwalk-lined courtyard with what was clearly intended to be a "grove" of young fir trees around a landscaped little stream. It was almost a miniature of the courtyard at the World Sleepers facility.

"There you are!" said a voice Del knew. At first, she was happy to hear it, but then she remembered the letter and the joy curdled into a cold, guilty pit in her stomach. Del forced herself to look at Digitalis.

At fifteen, Digitalis was half a head shorter than Del and held his bluejay-like wings close to his back conscientiously. Per the scene around them, he wore a pleated bodyguard uniform with a dark blue sash. The color of-

"Why are you wearing that?" Digitalis interrupted Del's thoughts. Del felt a cold draft and realized that it was snowing, like it so often did in Haman period dramas.

"This is a dream, isn't it?" groaned Del. Digitalis looked down at himself. His strange, pupilless amber eyes - the only outward indication that he was part human - widened. His face was pink, and his wavy light blue hair was smooshed to one side. He was asleep too, thought Del. Her rational mind told her there was no way Digitalis could really be there. This was a dream, after all.

Del looked down at herself. She wore a uniform almost matching Digitalis's, with the same color dark blue fabric used for the sash. Beneath the sashes the men's and women's uniforms were the same: they looked like a cross between a knee-length dress and a long robe with simple but showy pleats in the bottom. On Digitalis's uniform, the sash sat low on his hips, while Del's looped higher around the waist, crossing between her wings like a restrictive obi. It wasn't as uncomfortable as Del had expected, and she wondered how historically accurate it was.

"Del?" said Digitalis. "Are you okay?"

Del looked up. Digitalis was still there. "I'm so sorry, Digit. I got a letter from the family elders this morning. They decided that-" Suddenly Del's heart was racing, and her bladder was painfully full. She reminded herself that this was a dream, and looked up at Digitalis. The snow swirled artistically around them, and it broke the tension of the moment. Del rolled her eyes: it probably had something to do with whatever was on the TV. She realized they were under a spotlight.

"That's not historically accurate at all," Del laughed aloud despite herself.

Digitalis looked concerned. "Del? What's going on? Why are you wearing a women's uniform?"

Since this was a dream, Del figured she couldn't get a better chance than this to finally tell someone without actually telling them. She focused on Digitalis, still smiling.

"Digit." Del looked into Digitalis's strange eyes and felt a rush of affection for her nephew. "I'm a woman."

Del opened her eyes. She felt pleasantly warm and shaky and found that she had a pillow under her head. On the television, a Haman priest confessed his love for a craftsman of a lower caste under an inexplicable spotlight, while snow swirled artistically around them. A group of zombies trooped out behind them in a choreographed movement, starting a fight scene that was more dance than fight, yet still gratuitously gory. Del was glad that part hadn't been in her dream.

"I knew it," Del mumbled, stretching in her blanket cocoon. Her bladder was still naggingly full, but it wasn't quite as bad as it had been in the dream.

"Del?" said Althea. She'd been nudging Del's shoulder. "I'm making more tea. Want to watch something else? We mostly have Haman channels, but there are some great nature documentaries."

Althea went to the bathroom before she made lunch. Del let herself listen to the long tinkle of water and Althea's sigh of relief; Del was hidden under the blankets, and after what had happened in the shower earlier she had more control over it. The incident had been sudden and jarring, but it had relieved the worst of the built-up sexual tension. Though her bladder was still filling up, she was comfortable where she was and decided she could hold it.

"Did you do some cleaning while you were in the shower?" asked Althea, checking the dryer on her way to the kitchenette. She set it for another half hour and started on lunch. "It looks nice."

"A little," said Del, hiding her face behind her pillow. "There were some smudges where you wrote in bath crayon that I scrubbed away."

"Oh, I didn't do that," said Althea, setting slices of bread on the pan. They sizzled, and Del's stomach gave a loud growl. "But I did miss it. Thanks for getting them for me."

"Who wrote those letters then?" Del yawned, watching Althea working at the stove.

"Who do you think wrote it?" Althea replied.

"... maybe Clay?" Del said slowly.

Althea burst out laughing. "Del, Clay is...a huge germophobe. He won't even step through the door with the little one running around."

"Are you telling me that the baby wrote it?" Del sighed. Part of her wondered if she was still dreaming.

"Toddler," Althea corrected. "And yes. It's...a little creepy, but everything else seems mostly normal. I think. For humans. How many sandwiches would you like?"

Del squirmed. "Are you sure you wouldn't like some help?"

"If I had a bigger kitchen I might say yes, but it's too cramped over here with just me," said Althea. "I have enough cheese to make up to six sandwiches, and remember that there's soup too."

Del fell asleep after lunch and napped through the afternoon. Her pants were finished drying when Althea nudged her awake again. Althea had dark circles under her eyes and looked like she'd been asleep too. The clock on the stove said that it was half past eight in the evening, but it seemed later: the rain clouds had dimmed the evening sky, and it was pouring outside.

"We should get going soon," Althea grunted, stretching. She brushed her hair in the bathroom and threw on her doctor's coat. Del remained in her blanket cocoon as long as she could, and hurriedly pulled on her work pants over Althea's shorts just before they left the room to put their plan into motion.

_________________________

Today's pic is Pia and Saoirse. It's supposed to be them dressed up as the tree and Schmendrick from The Last Unicorn for Halloween - Pia even has curly hair just for this - and it just kind of looks like they're cuddling while Pia wears a fancy barrette for some reason.

&&

*056*2023-09-28 04:21

Chib Part 37

Pia was outside behind her airship. It was hot out despite the time of day, though Pia couldn't remember what time it was at the moment. Her bladder felt like an overfull water balloon, ready to burst at the slightest pressure. A warm breeze rustled in the trees around the dockyard plateau, and Pia realized that she was naked. Her tomato planter, looking green and lush, beckoned her, but something made her hesitate. An odd flapping noise made Pia look up.

A figure with beautiful mottled brown wings came to an almost unnaturally light landing near Pia. The figure, tanned, green-haired, and extremely naked, stopped and stared at her. It took Pia a second to remember her name.

"Avaris?" Pia said, crossing her legs. Avaris mirrored her, glancing at a plant under the side of the airship; the stray tomato plant that had taken root there and grown bigger than Pia had expected. In real life, the plant was currently about half the size of the ones in her planter. In this space, the tomato plant was taller than she was, wedged up against the stainless steel hull of her airship.

"I've been trying to get up the nerve to talk to you," Avaris said weakly.

Pia's mind was already a sleepy haze, and most of her brainpower was tied up with keeping her from wetting herself. While Pia tried to process, Avaris broke down and skittered over to the tomato plant under the airship. Pia watched her squat, spread her knees, and let go in a loud, hissing torrent at the plant. It sparkled in the sunlight, and Pia couldn't help watching.

"Lady sent a can of coffee for you," Pia blurted out. "I can give it to you..." Pia stopped to try and remember what day it was. "...Tomorrow?"

Avaris gave a loud, unabashed sigh and looked up at Pia. "A coffee sounds good. Can we meet up this morning before the festival?" she asked.

Pia's bladder throbbed, and a warm leak escaped. She doubled over, pressing her hand between her legs.

"You should probably wake up before you wet the bed," said Avaris calmly.

"What about you?" Pia grunted, willing herself to stand upright. Another drip escaped, running warmly down her leg.

Avaris stuck out her hips to angle her slowing flow. "I'm wearing protection," she said as though it explained everything.

Avaris woke to the quiet whoosh of urine rushing into her "protection." The two-piece garment was, for lack of a better word, a diaper: inside was an absorbent foam insert, made from the same foam used in Andyne hospitals. On the outside was one of the three-pack of waterproof covers that May had delivered to her, tailored to the bulky inner lining to prevent leaks.

The foam material inside the cover readily absorbed the hot urine, leaving the skin dry. Avaris stretched and lay back, enjoying the heat and the relief.

Avaris wasn't finished when she sat up, but it would take her bladder a little bit to relax. She got up and crossed the tiled floor to the kitchen. The diaper - the thought made Avaris wince - was heavy on her hips, and felt only slightly damp when she sat down at the little folding table in her bedroom. She opened her laptop and sipped her cold canned tea. As usual, her body was horny after the dream, but her mind wasn't into it after meeting Pia.

Mayra had given Avaris permission to use the dockyard's network connection. The connection out in Segoe was little more than a glorified form of dial-up, but it was something. It was enough, at least, for her to check her email. The newest one was from her father.

Avaris's parents lived in a coastal settlement on an interstitial world somewhere between the Renoige and Grisderm homeworlds known as "Salish" on most maps. Having moved around a lot in the last six years, Avaris had seen Salish on many navigational maps, but she'd never visited. Avaris's father was taking a marine biology program and had proudly attached his latest essay on bioluminescent marine fungi. Her mother was enjoying her job at their local tidal power plant. Avaris's father ended the letter by asking her to send photos from the Segoe Foxfire Festival that evening.

While she wrote, her bladder relaxed and she felt the need to pee starting to come on. She sat up, trying to remember if this was that "double voiding" thing Azri said she was supposed to be doing.

Avaris reviewed her email while she waited to let go.

Dead Mum and Dad,

I'm glad to hear that you are both well. I've decided to stay in Segoe for a while. Miss Mayra's rates are quite reasonable despite how much she dislikes me, and I'm grateful for that. I found the person I told you about, but I don't think she remembers me. Nobody's come to talk to me about Grandpa yet. I'm told I won't lose my monthly allowance but I'm still dreading it.

Other than that I met a new friend who might be able to treat my surgical scars, and I'm working with a new doctor, who we keep updated on the treatment.

Avaris's finger hovered over the backspace button. Was this too much information for a letter to her parents? She pulled up her nightdress to look at the scar on her leg. If she stared at it she could almost convince herself that it was slightly smaller and less pale than usual. It could also have been her skin reacting to the chilly early-morning air in her bedroom, she conceded, shivering. Inside her undergarment, her vulva throbbed desperately, but nothing came out. Avaris pulled the hem of the nightdress up enough to expose the soft waterproof fabric of the diaper cover. She wrinkled her nose at the florid pink pattern on it and gave her crotch an experimental pat. Everything was extremely sensitive and it made her gasp, but she let out a small amount. Avaris knew it would help if she touched herself, but she wasn't in the mood for it.

Avaris looked back up at the computer screen, hit "save draft," and decided to finish the email after the festival when she had pictures.

"I'm glad that's sorted out," Avaris yawned to herself. "Now where did I leave my camera?" There was a knock at the front door.

Standing up seemed to put pressure on Avaris's bladder, and she paused for a moment to see if she'd start peeing. Her urethra throbbed, and just as she thought she was about to flood the diaper, she reflexively clenched up. Avaris grumbled and padded lightly through the doorway and over to the front door. It was Cyan.

"Cyan?" said Avaris, opening the door. It was just past dawn outside, with a heavy mist that flowed in around Cyan's sandaled feet. He wore a thick hoodie, bright blue swim trunks, and a knitted hat on his head. He hopped from one foot to another on her doorstep. "It's-" Avaris stepped back and let Cyan inside while she looked over her shoulder into the kitchen. The oven clock gleamed green, reflecting off the stove. "It's barely six in the morning. You said you'd come up with Azri at eight."

"I know, but-"

Avaris's bladder chose that moment to relax. Heat and pressure bloomed in her crotch, and she shuffled awkwardly sideways to shut the front door. Cyan had stopped and was looking at her, concerned.

"I'm alright," said Avaris breathlessly. "I'll just have to do some laundry after this." Avaris didn't wait to finish and strolled toward the furthest shower drain from her bed behind Cyan.

_________________________

I have a few pics I've been meaning to use, but that point in the story keeps getting away from me. So here's Del. Also I've discovered the grow/shrink selection tool and will now abuse it forever.

&&

*057*2023-10-09 22:35

Part 38:

The front door downstairs opened and Pia jumped. Saoirse was on top of Pia, kissing her neck while her hand worked between Pia's legs.

Pia had wet the bed. She'd awakened as the whizzing under the blankets started. Saoirse had been trying to wake her and told her not to get up.

"I know how to use the washer," said Saoirse, leaning down to kiss Pia while Pia flooded the bed. "If you run downstairs we'll have more to clean up, and we'll definitely wake the long-lost member of the Blue Man Gr-"

"Sersh, Las Vegas isn't real," sighed Pia. The warm piss absorbed into Pia's sheets and mattress pad, leaving behind a pleasant heat.

"Alright," sniffed Saoirse, kissing Pia's jaw and continuing down her neck. "I can't help noticing that you smell extremely..." Saoirse pulled her head back up once she got down to Pia's clavicle. Her eyes glinted green in the scant light. "Amorous."

Pia snorted at the word choice, though she was inexplicably horny. She didn't quite recall why: she knew she'd been dreaming about Avaris, a can of coffee, and that lone tomato plant under the airship. Saoirse pulled back the blankets and Pia shivered in the chilly morning air. When she heard the front door open, both through the floor and through her open bedroom window, Saoirse was using her fingers to delicately inch Pia to the edge of orgasm, and she'd been very close when the sound of the front door hinges broke the silence. Saoirse froze and pulled back to listen, leaving Pia aching and throbbing in the open air despite her twanging nerves.

Saoirse was on her feet in the space of a second and tiptoed over to the window in her wet nightshirt.

"It's just Cyan," Saoirse whispered, padding back to the bed.

With Cyan out, Pia allowed herself to moan aloud while Saoirse inserted her fingers and went for it. It sent Pia over the edge, and Saoirse took out her fingers and let Pia squirt in spraying arcs on the bed. When Pia finally stopped writhing, Saoirse plopped down onto the damp sheets next to her.

"What's Cyan doing..." Pia gasped. "Going out this early?"

Saoirse snaked an arm around Pia's waist and pulled herself close. "Probably meeting Azri at Avi's ship this morning."

Pia was a little weirded out that Saoirse was on nickname terms with Avaris, but let it go. "I need to give her that can of coffee in the fridge."

"Azri drinks coffee?" Saoirse yawned.

"No, for Avaris," said Pia. "Lady told me to give it to her."

Saoirse nuzzled into the crook of Pia's shoulder, grinning. "Ooohhh, I see."

Cyan returned about an hour later while Pia was making breakfast and Saoirse organized the notes she'd taken at the Segoe library. Saoirse and Pia were dressed to go out; they would meet Mayra at nine to get some things done before the festival in the evening.

"Can Avi come in?" Cyan asked when he entered. "She's wearing protection." Saoirse could smell Avaris's embarrassment from outside.

"She's welcome," said Pia. "Have you both eaten breakfast yet?"

Avaris sidled in the front door, blushing bright enough for it to clash with her red apron dress.

"We had some of that muesli stuff Azri always says we should eat. And Avi says you have a coffee for her?" said Cyan.

Saoirse looked up from her notes. "Have you been talking to Lady, Avi?" she asked, unable to keep the smirk off her face. Avaris covered her face with her hands.

"Not since she called on Friday," said Avaris curiously. "Cy told me about it."

"Did I?" yawned Cyan. There was a brief, confused silence. Cyan shrugged, went over to the refrigerator, and took out the unopened can of coffee. "Well, it's here." Cyan gave the can to Avaris.

Azri arrived shortly after that, and left with Avaris and Cyan after checking up on Pia. As they walked away, Saoirse could hear them faintly talking about a "treatment" they were doing. She stopped listening when a plate slid onto the table next to her notes. Pia knew that Saoirse liked to let her food cool, but would occasionally bring it to her if she thought Saoirse had forgotten it. Saoirse stacked her notes and set them aside neatly, pulling the plate in front of her.

"Thanks for breakfast, Pia," said Saoirse. Pia bent down and kissed her.

"What are you and Azri looking for at the library?" asked Pia, sitting down across from Saoirse.

"Oh, this and that," said Saoirse. "Right now we're trying to figure out whether that Yarrow guy is who he says he is."

Pia sighed. "You really still think he's from WS?"

"Maybe," said Saoirse.

The runabout hovered near the entrance at boardwalk-level. Mayra was stocking the mini-fridge with water and handed Saoirse and Pia each a bottle before they left. Saoirse drank half of hers in one gulp without thinking; she'd drunk the can of coffee that Pia had saved for her before breakfast, and while it was quickly filling up her bladder, she didn't mind it.

"What are you going to do in Nilbog?" Pia asked Mayra about half an hour into the first leg.

"A bit of shopping," said Mayra vaguely. "And of course...uh..." Mayra glanced over her shoulder at Saoirse and looked away quickly when she realized Saoirse was watching. "You know. I should be back before you two are done with the communications hub though."

The communications hub was unusually busy for so early on a weekend, so Pia saved their place in line while Saoirse picked up some paperwork just up the street. Saoirse had meant to use a bathroom on the way, but had trouble finding the correct line to stand in for the papers she ordered. When she finally got the folder it had been more than twenty minutes. She ran back to the communications hub, where Pia was conspicuously absent from the queue.

Saoirse approached the counter, trying to seem calm. A young Renoige woman wrinkled her nose at Saoirse.

"The line starts over there," said the young woman, pointing.

"I just need to know if you've seen a human woman with green hair," said Saoirse.

"I remember her," said the young woman coolly, though with slightly more understanding. "That way." She pointed toward one of the clusters of cell-like communication booths.

It didn't take long to find Pia, sitting anxiously with the door to the booth slightly open. She took the file Saoirse had obtained and stuck it in her tote bag with their water bottles. Strictly speaking, food and drink weren't allowed in the booths, but Saoirse didn't bring it up. Both bottles were closed tight, and Saoirse's was almost empty.

"There you are," said Pia, closing the door behind Saoirse and letting her squeeze in to sit at the control panel. Sitting made the need to pee easier to manage. "We've got about ten minutes left."

"Ten minutes?" said Saoirse.

"They have timers set on the capsules today. We paid for ten minutes, so you should probably start dialing now. I don't know what happens if we're still on the call when the time is up."

Saoirse knew that an extra minute probably wouldn't matter, but felt the pressure anyway while she punched in the sequence of numbers on the pad.

"He might be out today, in any case," said Saoirse, more to herself than Pia. Her nerves were putting less metaphorical pressure on her bladder. Their time started and the line began to ring. Saoirse squirmed in her seat.

"Are you okay?" asked Pia, taking a drink of her water. Hearing the sloshing didn't help.

"I just have to pee," said Saoirse quietly. "The bathrooms are open, so I'll go on the way out."

"You didn't go on the w-"

"Hello?" said a bored, young female voice. Saoirse panicked for a second, thinking that she'd gotten the wrong number.

"Is um...Is Arthur there?" asked Saoirse lamely, her hand already hovering over the "end call" button.

"Yeah, just a sec," said the kid, then called, "HEY DAD WHERE'S ARTHUR?" The relief Saoirse felt at getting the right number only made the irge to pee even worse while they listened to voices in the background. "Dad says he just got in the shower. Can you call back in ten minutes?"

"It's Saoirse. Could you tell him I need to talk to him? I promise it'll be quick," said Saoirse.

"If you say so," said the kid. "I'll give the phone to Dad. He can make out with Arthur in the shower afterward."

"Mums," an older male voice groaned in the background.

"Hi, Saoirse," the older voice said. Saoirse suppressed an urge to call him Daffodil while he instructed the younger voice to watch the stove for him.

A final, resounding clank echoed on the phone. Saoirse rocked back and forth. This would be a quick question, then she could thank him, hang up, and run to the bathroom-

"It looks like he's locked the bathroom door. Are you sure you can't just call back in a few minutes?"

"If I hang up now and get back in line, it'll be about forty minutes," Saoirse almost moaned. "Will he be around then?"

The voice on the phone sighed, "No, we'll be on the road by then. Hold on."

There was a knock from the speakers as the automated voice announced their balance of seven minutes remaining on the call. Saoirse leaned over to Pia and finished her water, trying to look nonchalant.

"Do you need my bottle too?" Pia asked cannily.

More knocking and a muffled voice preceded "The lock is stuck on the door." Saoirse made her choice and lowered her empty bottle into her lap amidst clicking and rattling from the phone.

"Are you still um..." Pia whispered. "Out? Down there?"

Saoirse answered her question by unzipping her shorts. She brought the mouth of her water bottle to the tip of her enlarged clitoris and took a deep, steadying breath. Beside her, Pia started chugging the last of Saoirse's water.

Knockknockknock!

The sound had come from the door to the booth. Pia choked on the water and coughed some out onto her lap. "Sh-...sugar," she sputtered and cleared her throat. "We've still got more than five minutes," Pia said at the door. Another heavy knock resonated from the next booth as the knocker moved on. Pia glared in its general direction it and finished her water in another long drink.

"Got it!" said the voice in the background, handing the phone off to Arthur.

"Hi, Sersh. What's up?" said Arthur. Saoirse made an effort and let go, hearing her reluctant stream pattering in the bottom of the bottle, lost in the sound of the shower from the speakers.

"Hi-hi, Arthur. I wanted to ask about-" Saoirse's bladder finally relaxed and she couldn't entirely keep the small moan of relief out of her voice. "That...chemical smell."

"It was from the World Sleepers' building," said Arthur.

"It was hydrostasis fluid, right?" said Saoirse triumphantly, grabbing the empty bottle as she filled the first to the top.

"Yes, but...not quite," said Arthur.

"Your remaining balance is...four...minutes," the automated voice intoned.

Saoirse switched the bottles a split second before the first overflowed and set the full one down next to the number pad. Pia mouthed "smooth" and gave her a thumbs-up, screwing the lid back on the bottle and discreetly depositing it in her bag. It occurred to Saoirse that Pia had probably had to do something like this before, and her stomach fluttered.

"It was..." Arthur continued. "It was definitely hydrostasis fluid, but it was...like they mixed something with it. I've been thinking about it since we talked last, and I think it might've been um...going bad?"

Saoirse stopped herself just in time to leave the second bottle about three-quarters full, not daring to relax, lest the bottle overflow. She capped it and Pia put it in the bag.

"Why did you need to know? Does it cause cancer or something?" Arthur asked after a few seconds of silence.

"Not that I know of," said Saoirse quickly. "Now that I know where I smelled it, I just have to find out what it was."

"You're not going back, are you?" said Arthur.

"If I was I wouldn't talk about it on a line at a public communications station," Saoirse said carefully.

"That's fair. You shouldn't go anyway, since you're part human and all."

The automated voice announced the two-minute mark.

Arthur said, "So, what are you up to, Sersh? Your birthday's in a few weeks."

"I'm staying with Pia," said Saoirse.

"I've got some ideas for her birthday," Pia piped up.

"Oh hi, Pia. I didn't know you were here," said Arthur.

"What are you doing today, Arthur?" Pia asked. It gave Saoirse time to zip up and adjust her clothes. She still needed to pee more, but she could hold it a lot longer now.

"We're picking up Digit's youngest and going to the aquarium-"

"Your remaining balance is...one...minute," the automated voice warned.

The three of them said their goodbyes and Arthur got back to his shower, hanging up as another knock came on the booth's door.

"Do you think I'd get in trouble for splashing them with our water bottles?" Pia mumbled as they stood up.

Saoirse kissed Pia on the cheek. "We need to meet Mayra like ten minutes ago, but I appreciate the thought."

_________________________________

What a good excuse for this pic. It's Yarrow.

&&

*058*2023-10-19 20:36

Chib Part 39

Pia led the way to the coffee shop where they met May. There weren't a lot of people out, so Pia noticed when a young andyne man about to pass them on the walkway looked at Saoirse and abruptly turned a corner. He'd had gray and black gull wings and wore a stiffly ironed business suit.

"That's the guy that showed up asking about Avi," said Saoirse quietly, taking care to look around the corner when they came to it. Pia looked too and saw the young man legging it away along the street, still heading for the communications hub but apparently detouring around them. "Mallow or Carrow or whatever. He was with that Tulip kid."

"Why would he run away from you, though?" asked Pia.

Saoirse shrugged. "I'm not sure. He seemed to think I was Mayra, and nobody corrected him."

"And you still think he could be from...you know?" Pia asked. They were approaching a concentration of people around a small plaza of shops.

"He could be. I don't think so, but I can't rule it out yet."

The coffee shop had a line at the register. May sat at one of the tables and waved. She had two drinks in addition to her own in front of her and a large shopping bag.

"There you are," said Mayra when Pia sat down. She pushed a drink and a straw toward each of them. "Is there a long line at the communications hub?"

The air docks were nearing full capacity when they left Nilbog. Pia finished her drink and got another bottle of water when they left. She kept the bottles Saoirse had filled hidden under Saoirse's file and the shopping bag close to her feet.

"Can you toss me a bottle while you're over there?" asked May. "What did you two do with your water bottles, by the way?"

Pia was looking away from May. She felt her face heating up and fumbled in the mini-fridge for time.

"I recycled them on the way to the coffee shop," Saoirse lied smoothly.

"I don't know if Pia's told you this, but we try to wash and reuse the bottles," said May. Pia carefully tossed May a water bottle and she caught it. "The sterilizer in my shop does bottles in batches of twenty, and I need about five more bottles to start the next one."

"Oh uh..." Now Saoirse was blushing, but May was paying attention to the weather detection system. "Good to know." She gave Pia an urgent look.

"I need to use the um...the back," said Pia after a few seconds. "Are you okay up here for a couple of minutes, May?"

May took a drink from her water bottle and nodded. "Go ahead. We've got about forty-five minutes to Shell Bay."

"I'll go too," Saoirse said quickly, following Pia out. Pia picked her spot, grabbed the railing with one hand, and squatted, pulling aside her underwear. Evergreen forests stretched out below.

"You reuse your bottles?" said Saoirse, taking up position at the railing next to her.

"Plastic is a monitored material here. I was going to water the tomatoes at home with our bottles and rinse them out, but I like your idea better," Pia said sheepishly. Thinking about the tomatoes helped her relax, and she spread her legs a little wider before letting go. "When are we going to that sleeper's place?" Pia remembered that it was called "World Sleepers" but just thinking about the name unsettled her and she didn't know why.

Saoirse flinched. "I'm not going back there," she said firmly. "Can I just enjoy watching my gorgeous girlfriend whiz off the back of an airship?"

Pia blushed, feeling a pleasantly warm throb from her gushing quim. She really had had to go. "You know, you didn't quite finish back in the booth either."

"I'll wait until we get to Shell Bay," said Saoirse, leaning on the railing. Her tail flicked playfully behind her. "That way we'll have an excuse to go off and dispose of the bottles."

Pia's flow stopped abruptly. It wasn't hard; she was almost done, and her vulva was swollen and puffy. She didn't let herself drip in the wind and stood up, but a sudden gust of cool wind made her urethra quiver. Pia was tempted to let go again and clenched up instead.

"Let's get back in before May gets suspicious," said Pia quietly.

When they got back in, there was enough radio chatter to keep the silence from getting awkward until they reached Shell Bay. The normally deserted field where May usually set down the craft was rapidly filling up with airships of all shapes and sizes. They had to park further away from the Tinkering Scallop than usual, which May grumbled about when she stood up from the pilot's seat.

"Did either of you need to go to Lady's for anything?' May asked, stretching her arms and legs.

Pia answered, "She's got some things on order for me, but they're not in till next week."

"I was gonna walk around with Pia," said Saoirse, as though not wanting to feel left out.

"Alright. I'm gonna have to use a hover cart if Lady has all the parts in. I'll meet you two back here in half an hour, and we can get back before the traffic gets too crazy," said May.

Pia shouldered her bag as casually as she could, and she and Saoirse walked with May to the dusty gravel road.

"Is she still looking?" Saoirse asked in a loud whisper.

"So what if she is?" said Pia, shrugging. She took Saoirse's hand and pulled her off the road, onto a well-worn trail that led to a wooded area. There were people about, so it took a couple of minutes to find a sheltered spot behind some trees. Pia wasted no time in taking out one of the full bottles and pouring it out on the sandy ground. Saoirse took out the other bottle and poured it out next to her.

"The main trail here goes down to the park at the beach," said Pia. She capped the bottle but didn't put it back in the bag. "There's a recycle bin there. We can rinse out the bottles in the stream along the way."

________________________________

I have images I've been meaning to use for months now but that part seems to get further out when I sit down to write. So here's a pic of May.

&&

*059*2023-10-19 21:45

Chib Pt 40

"So it's like...fungus?" said Cyan while Avi preened her feathers next to him. They sat at the table next to Avi's front door, her laptop open between them. They'd found a lot of what they were looking for within their budget, but none of the websites they found would ship what they wanted all the way out to Segoe.

"Something like that," Avi replied, reaching over before realizing her hand was still covered in preening oil. "Could you scroll to the bottom? The foxfire bloom is one of the biggest holidays here. The winter one is brighter but they might not have a surface celebration here if the lake freezes over."

"Ah," said Cyan. He and Avi watched the text float up onscreen.

"No shipping," they said together. Avi's coffee was in front of Cyan, and since Avi had been busy she hadn't had much. It was still cold, condensation sweating on the sides.

"Avi, can I um...try some of your coffee?" asked Cyan.

"Sure." Avi reached up to get more preening oil from the jar on the table. "I won't tell Azri, but do you think she'd know?"

"You're part human and you don't get in trouble for drinking it," Cyan pointed out.

"She's said she'd 'rather not' about me drinking caffeine," said Avi. "And I'm only a quarter human. I'm not even supposed to have wings."

"Really?" said Cyan, pulling the coffee closer over the table.

Cyan didn't like the coffee but caught himself going back for another sip, then another. He finished the can in less than ten minutes.

"Is caffeine dangerous?" Cyan asked, sitting back down at the table with two cans of tea. Avi was still conditioning her feathers, so Cyan opened both cans.

"Not that I know of," said Avi. "It might make you jittery and pee a bit more, but that's about it. As long as you stay hydrated you should be fine."

"Can we not tell Azri?" asked Cyan.

An hour later, Cyan stood up carefully. They had found two local shipping companies during their search and found that one had gone out of business years before. The other had contact information on the website, and Avi wrote it down for later use. The site hadn't been updated in about a decade. Neither of them felt good about it.

"They would have it at the festival, right?" said Cyan, stepping toward the door. Avi followed him, hesitating.

"Cy, have you ever been to a festival?" Avi asked slowly.

Cyan opened the front door. "I..." He could remember music, the smell of fried food, the taste of burnt sugar, and trading tickets to go on rides that made her - no, him - throw up. It wasn't his memory but it was real and visceral enough. "Yes?" His stomach turned and he stopped on the front step, fighting that and the urge to let go right there. Avi stood awkwardly in the doorway.

"Are you coming?" asked Cyan over his shoulder.

"I'm in my nightdress," said Avi, red-faced. Cyan could tell she needed to pee too. "What if someone sees me? What if Miss May sees me?"

Cyan's bladder throbbed and he stepped down onto the walkway. "She went to Nilbog and Shell Bay with Pia and Saoirse."

"When will they be back?" Avi took a deep breath and came out, shutting the door behind her.

"Pia said they'd be back by three," said Cyan.

Avi jogged ahead of Cyan down the stairs next to Pia's airship.

"Hey, Avi?" said Cyan, hurrying over to the little stray tomato plant.

"Yeah?" Avi gathered up her skirt.

"How long does it take to get to Nilbog?"

Avi spread her legs and squatted. Cyan could see her scars, one of them slightly faded where they were doing their "treatments." and the puff of light green pubic hair. Her vulva underneath was swollen and pink, and Cyan intentionally looked away at the plant when he pulled up the leg of his shorts. They were baggy enough for easy access, and he just barely missed his leg on the first reluctant burst. Next to him, Avi let loose. The high-pressure yellow spray splashed Cyan's ankle in warm droplets before she got it under control.

"Sorry," sighed Avi. "It takes about an hour. Shell Bay is two hours, but that's only if you stop in Nilbog-" Avi's wing brushed the ground, she shifted, lost her balance, and tried very hard not to fall on her butt. It caused a hard jet of piss to hit Cyan's calf. Cyan reached out with his free hand to help steady her, and almost fell himself when she overbalanced. "Sorry," she repeated, lifting her wings awkwardly while she tried to push herself back up. One of them brushed Cyan's side, and he caught a whiff of the faint clove-like scent of the preening oil. Avi gave up, sat back on the dirt, and got her stream under control again before it trailed off.

Cyan realized he was still going, the blue urine whizzing steadily into the dry dirt. None of it was reaching the tomato plant, so he adjusted accordingly.

"Do you need help up?" asked Cyan, looking over at Avi. Usually, she wasn't shy about pulling or stretching her vulva to control her powerful spray, but currently, she seemed afraid to touch it. Cyan noticed that the visible lips under her pubic hair were swollen, very pink, and visibly throbbing. When he noticed that looking at it was making him throb too, he hurriedly looked away and stuck his eyes to the shiny metal hull of Pia's airship. Some of the rivets along the bottom were a slightly different silver gray than the others where the cabin wall attached to the hover platform. It bothered him more than he thought it should.

"Yes, please, but let's wait until you're done," Avi sighed.

Cyan didn't last long after that and was glad that his shorts had a broad, tight waistband and his sweatshirt was baggy on him. Avi's hands were dry when Cyan grabbed them.

"We didn't get all that much on the plant this time," said Avi. "But I did get your leg. Sorry." She stood up and found the back of her nightdress was all wet. "Oh sugar," Avi groaned to herself. "I need to go get changed. Did you want to come or rinse your foot off here?"

"Do I want to...come?" Cyan gulped, covering himself reflexively. He wasn't being that obvious-

"Yeah, I'm going back to wash up and change," said Avi. "I thought you might want to rinse your leg off here."

Cyan was relieved but felt a small measure of disappointment he hadn't been expecting. "I do need a shower," his mouth said almost automatically.

"Would you like to come over for lunch or do you want to meet up after?" asked Avi. Cyan felt an odd urgency to go inside, but curiosity rooted him to the spot.

"What are you making?"

"Grilled cheese and toast sandwiches," said Avi. "With soup. I'm not sure if Azri would give you crap for eating that though."

Cyan brightened up. "I don't know, but I won't tell if you don't."

__________________________________

Two chapters in a day. Pic is Mayra and Avaris's reactions to finding out they bought the same dress.

&&

*061*2023-10-20 21:46

I know, right? >_< I'm up to part 44 and the pics are what's really slowing me down. I have some to use but they go with parts that haven't happened yet. Even the one for Ch40 is like five chapters ahead at least. It means a lot that someone would follow it for this long, but also I'm not sure why I like writing this so much. I've also hidden "life, the universe, and everything" in chapter 42, so that was fun.

*062*2023-10-20 23:42

Chib Pt 41

Saoirse looked down at the stream and unzipped her shorts.

"Wait for me, geez," said Pia, stepping up next to her. Pia had just used the stream alongside the trail to rinse out the empty water bottles, cap them, and then put them back into her bag. "If I may?"

"If you may what?" said Saoirse, confused.

Pia blushed. "You know...help you with uh...that?" she said, gesturing at Saoirse's unzipped fly. Saoirse's stomach did a pleasant somersault.

"Oh...umm...in that case, yes please," said Saoirse, pushing out her hips for Pia. "But please be quick. I've really gotta go." Pia pulled down Saoirse's panties and pulled out her clitoris.

"I know," Pia purred, kissing her neck. Saoirse tried to let go and had to concentrate to start. Pia steered the stream back and forth on the sandy ground, looking down to watch between kisses.

Saoirse could feel where this was going. "P-Pia, do we have time for this?"

"You're shaking," Pia breathed in her ear.

Saoirse squeaked, "I know."

"What if I was quick?" asked Pia. "Your clit is popped out. Could I do a quick handjob now and maybe more later?" Pia didn't need to play with Saoirse's clit for it to start throbbing warmly. It wasn't impeding the flow yet, but it would if Pia kept going. Saoirse pushed her away gently.

"Let's wait until we get back," Saoirse said breathlessly. "It feels good but I think we should finish this at home. Possibly in the shower?"

"Oh, alright," said Lady. "But remain aware this cleaner is specifically not for Andyne use. Clean all of the spray off the components before you use them and wear all the proper PPE. Don't breathe it and keep it away from your skin. When you think it's all clean, clean it twice more with mineral spirits. Take this canister for free, just in case." Lady brought up a red tin canister of mineral spirits from behind the counter and set it in front of May.

May blinked at Lady. "And it's the uh...only way to clean off the sealant on the parts?" She glanced down at the marker-labeled cardboard boxes.

"I normally use another brand, but my supplier is having problems. The cleaner itself is nontoxic, made from a plant extract," Lady said, sipping from her can of coffee. "It's only noxious when mixed with the sealant. It's formulated to evaporate quickly, so let your shop towels dry fully in a well-ventilated space before you handle them again."

May loaded her boxes onto the little hover platform and hesitated at the door. She needed to use the bathroom, but did she have time to stop?

"Oh uh...Mayra?" said Lady.

"Yeah?" said May.

"Will Miss Nucifera be coming?" Lady asked hopefully. "To the festival in Segoe tonight? L-...I thought you might know, since you attend every year."

May shrugged. "I haven't asked." Lady's expression fell a little and May added, "But probably."

"Do you know if Miss Nucifera is um...your Andyne phrase would be 'spoken for?'" asked Lady nervously. Even her odd semi-Limerick cadence was out of whack.

Several responses jostled to be heard in May's mind. "Nucifera? Seriously?" and "But why?" followed up with, "But how?" She didn't want to think about that last one. A jolt of pain shot through her overfilled bladder, and she briefly considered just wetting herself right there; it couldn't make the situation any more awkward than it already was.

"Not that I know of," said May. If she asked to use the bathroom now, Lady would have more time to think of things to ask her about Nucifera. "I need to get back. I'll have Pia bring over the cart while I secure everything."

Pia returned to the runabout with Saoirse while May secured boxes of parts in the cabin. The hover cart floated close by, listing to one side and gently bumping against one of the passenger chairs.

"Could you two run that back to the Scallop?" May asked, pointing to the cart. "And if Lady asks any awkward questions about Nucifera, tell her we're in a hurry."

"I knew it," Saoirse said as soon as they were out on the road. Pia pulled the hover cart behind them. "And 'Nucifera?' That's kind of cold, even for Mayra."

"I think that's an Andyne thing," said Pia. "I think she was expecting Avaris to act more um...culturally Andyne because of her wings."

Saoirse opened the door and let Pia into the shop with the hover cart.

"Hi, Pia," said Lady from the counter. "Hi, Saoirse. Pia, are you staying home from the foxfire festival again this year?"

"I'm taking Saoirse this time," Pia said apprehensively. She returned the hover cart to its little docking port against the front wall.

"Would you two happen to be meeting Miss Avaris?" asked Lady.

"She'll probably be there," Saoirse interjected. "Pia and I should get back, but we'll see you tonight!"

"Well, that was a crush if I've ever smelled one," said Saoirse when they were almost back at the runabout. More airships streamed above them, parking further and further away from the road past chattering knots of people on their way into Shell Bay's downtown.

"Hey," said May while Pia sat down at the radio console. May seemed oddly nervous, but she was glad to see them. "That was quick."

A busy silence settled over the runabout while May navigated out of Shell Bay. Without the bottles to hide it was less stressful, but Pia couldn't help noticing how uncomfortable May was, rocking back and forth restlessly in the pilot's seat.

Traffic thinned out quickly when they reached the coast, and May seemed to come to a decision.

"Are you okay piloting for a few minutes, Pia?" May grunted.

"May, are you alright?" Pia asked slowly, standing up. May waited until Pia had crossed to the pilot's chair to get up.

"I'm fine, I'm just about to burst," said May. Pia kept her eyes on the landscape and only heard May skitter out to the back deck.

Even with the autopilot off, it was a good day for flying. After doing all the necessary checks, Pia sat back.

"Very interesting," whispered Saoirse, suddenly standing next to Pia and looking down into May's bag. "What has she got here?"

"Estrogen, I think," said Pia, shrugging. "She doesn't like talking about where she gets her medications."

"Not those, I meant the big box next to them," Saoirse hissed. Pia looked over her shoulder. She could see May's back through the window, her wings pulled against her back in the wind.

"Desiderata's Hollow" was embossed on the top of the box in silver letters. Pia had walked by the store in Nilbog several times, but had never gone in: they made expensive dresses for people with wings.

Over at the window, May still stood with her back turned.

"I'd love to see what Mayra gets at a fancy dress shop," said Saoirse, bending lower. "It's not taped shut or anything. Can I open it? Just for a peek?"

"No-...Sersh, you could just ask," said Pia. "I'm curious about it too, though. She never leaves the pilot seat unless she's really desperate, so we'll just have to wait a minute or two longer to ask her."

"Going to Desiderata's is never cheap. They're a large brand back on the homeworld," said Saoirse, still staring at the fancy lettering. After a moment of thought she started walking back toward the outer door. "I'll just ask her now," Saoirse said, grabbing the door handle.

______________________________________________

I finished a drawing of Lady recently. Grisderms look less and less like the gray stereotypical aliens every time I draw them. I've gone into them more in my more sfw fiction. They reproduce basically like seahorses, and the men are the ones who carry the young to term. I don't know if I'll go into them as much here though. I'll have to see how the festival goes.

&&

*064*2023-10-24 23:31

Chib Pt 42

Lights dimmed, and Del's stomach dropped. She stood in Althea's office, on either her first or second night at the compound. Everything had already seemed to be running together before with the long trip out there, but something about World Sleepers seemed to be making it worse. Del was vaguely aware that she wasn't awake.

"I had to use a slightly oversized unit," said Althea, approaching a cylinder on her desk. The dimensions put Del in mind of a black cylindrical laundry hamper. Althea hit a sequence of buttons on the top number pad and the black tint faded slowly to clear. The first thing Del saw in the cloudy blue liquid was-

"Foot-" Del had to reshuffle her thoughts and start over. "That's a foot. Why is it blue?" The tiny toes twitched against the glass.

"Electrical plating in the glass," Althea said reassuringly. "It's what makes the outside opaque, and the blue tint helps keep out some of the more harmful types of light." The glass cleared more, revealing a chubby leg, an arm, and a head, obscured by a mop of green hair.

"That's a..." Del said faintly. The realization firmly tamped down the sexual frustration that had been building up since before she'd left home. "That's a baby." The door opened and Althea darkened the glass on the cylinder.

"He shouldn't be in here," said Clay, shutting the door closely behind him. Althea let the cylinder fade back to full opacity.

"Entering without knocking is rude, you know," Althea sniffed. "More than half my specimens are photosensitive, Clay."

"Under normal circumstances, would you just trust the first bird-brained...boy...you meet?" Del was still a little needled by that comment in her memory. "He's just a security grunt, for Hyachna's sake! Is he seducing you?!" Clay's wispy magenta hair stood out on his head like a mad scientist's.

"No, Clay," groaned Althea. "I'm only asking him for help in protecting my child, just until-"

"I can't-" Clay took off his glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose. Del felt for him despite herself. Del hadn't even told her family yet, and she told herself that she shouldn't expect Clay to know. "You want to hide a living person in some security guard's filthy dorm room? Althy, you know what Andyne hygiene is like." Del's sympathies for Clay dried up, and she wasn't sorry to see them go. She idly remembered needing to use the bathroom, and her bladder kicked in accordingly within the memory.

"Very well," huffed Clay. "But I want to be here too. You might trust this young buck, but I don't even know him." Del wasn't sure which word she liked less; "young" or "buck." She wanted to get out of there and find a bathroom, but she also wanted to stick it to Clay now.

"Enough. I'll do it," said Del. "I want a thorough explanation of all this, but I'll help you. You did say you'd be monitoring the unit regularly?"

"Regularly," Althea said solemnly. "And the unit is so quiet you can forget she's there. It's just until the executives leave. After that, we'll move the unit back to my room for the extraction process."

"So I'm not required to push any buttons or check any valves?" said Del a little more sharply than intended.

Explaining the birth was more complicated than Del had expected. Althea seemed to be avoiding saying something, and Clay would occasionally take over or fill in information. From what they weren't saying, Del had inferred several possible unsettling meanings. The short version was that Althea cut her hand and splashed a substantial amount of blood into one of her specimens. She was reluctant to throw out the specimen, so she'd changed the fluid, documented it, and went on as normal.

After that, the specimen seemed to grow like a plant. Six weeks later the plant had a head, and little buds were forming into arms and legs. Eleven months later, what had started as an experimental attempt to fuse human skin with andyne wing tissue was a fully formed, wingless infant. That had been almost two years ago.

"-need me to walk you back?" asked Althea, locking her office door.

Del shook her head. "I think I'd like some time alone if you don't mind."

Everything seemed to shift. Del hurried down a hallway toward the bathroom. "Not here," said her own voice.

Vague recollection dawned, and still, she kept walking. She was expecting to have anxiety about which bathroom to choose, but where the bathrooms usually sat, there was a single unisex bathroom. Althea was there for some reason and stood companionably next to the sink while Del sat self-consciously on the toilet. Del concentrated and resisted the impulse to pee as hard as she could.

"Ever gonna tell anyone," Althea whispered in Del's ear. It sent a shiver up Del's spine. The resulting swelling blunted the need to pee, but didn't stop it completely.

"-really good today," said Althea in someone else's voice. A small, hot flood of urine filled Del's lap.

"You're peeing," Althea's voice hissed. Del jolted awake and sat up. She was in the office building cafeteria. The clock above the door said it had only been five minutes; she'd gotten to the cafeteria before Althea, sat down at a table to wait for her, and promptly fell asleep.

The people walking by the table chattered as they bustled out past Del and Althea. One of them stepped on Del's feathers without even noticing, and she pulled up her wing, frowning at their retreating backs.

"How are you feeling?" asked Althea. "There's still time to back out if you're not comfortable with this."

"I'm fine," said Del muzzily. She regained enough control over her bladder to stop, and the inconvenient swelling in her lower regions helped. The initial flood felt worse than it had been and had quickly soaked into Del's work pants.

"Now's the time if you're going to use the toilet," Althea said quietly. "There's no rush. We have more than enough time to make a pit stop or two."

Getting up, Del led the way to the door. The halls in the office wing were chilly in the cool evening, and she was grateful to have a reason to pull her long coat down over her crotch. "Let's just do this before I lose my nerve," said Del, adding, "There isn't so much pressure now. I know I can hold it."

____________________________________

I couldn't think of anything sufficiently nerdy to draw for this, my part 42, but found this partial sketch from June. I tried to start from a sketchbook sketch and abandoned it because I couldn't get Pia's face right. If I could've gotten it right I'd like it better than the updated version - they look like they're actually wearing costumes.

"Life, the universe and everything" is hidden in the text, because 42. Also I'm finally moving this plot forward at the pace of a speeding garden snail.

&&

*065*2023-11-13 23:42

Chib Pt 43

"There's some holiday event in the courtyard tonight," said Althea, her voice echoing in the empty hallway. "Are you sure you don't want to stop at a bathroom before we get to my office?"

"How are we getting to my dorm without using the courtyard?" Del said as they bypassed a propped-open security door. A set of bathrooms lay beyond it, and Del intentionally tried not to look at them. "That's the only way to get there without going through any security doors, right?"

Exit signs ahead glinted eerily off the shiny tiled floor, marking the other security doors Del had propped open in the long hallway.

"Could we get there without going through the courtyard?" Del said to herself. She had a rudimentary mental map of the complex and tried to puzzle it out in her head, hindered by the amount of mental focus she needed to keep from wetting herself.

"How is not going to be a problem," said Althea. "The hospital wing has three different levels of hallways under the courtyard. We should be passing under it right now, actually." The memory of Althea whispering in Del's ear popped up again, and it wasn't the only thing. "There's a bathroom next to my office," Althea said coaxingly. "Del, we can't use the hover carts for this, and that cylinder is heavy. You should use the bathroom before we get started."

"I'm fine. I already wet your shorts," Del said miserably. She wasn't quite in a bad mood, but the short nap in the cafeteria had made her groggy and snappish.

Loud echoes came from the other side of the hallway. Del and Althea braced themselves to pass someone else, but another door clanked shut at the end of the hall.

"Do you think they'll report us?" asked Del in an echoing whisper.

"I don't think so," Althea reassured her.

Several turns later, they arrived at Althea's office. Althea insisted that Del use the bathroom while she took the carrying straps from a drawer in her desk.

"No, I'm fine," said Del. She found her water on the cabinet next to the door, took a drink to steady herself, and wished she hadn't. A leak dripped into her already damp shorts and she tried not to react to it. "Let's just get this done as quickly as possible."

Once Althea had unfolded the straps, she gave Del a brief demonstration on how to carry the cylinder without straining her back.

"The cylinder needs to stay relatively level, with minimal sloshing," Althea explained.

Clunk! The lock on Althea's office slid home with an ominous finality.

"You've got a solid route in mind, right?" grunted Del. The cylinder wasn't as heavy as it looked, but Del knew it would feel heavier when she got to the stairs. It made not wetting herself significantly harder, but there was no going back now.

Althea trotted ahead of Del, opening doors wider and warning her of raised thresholds or dips in the floor.

None of the security doors they'd propped open had been closed, which smoothed their way to the outer doors. The final flight of stairs severely tested Del's ability to hold her bladder. She stood, panting on the grass while Althea let the door shut. They were outdoors but not in the courtyard. Instead, there was a long grassy hill on the perimeter of the compound. Stairs set into the ground led uphill to a paved area next to the residential building. Tables were spaced out on the pavement, their umbrellas out and festooned with paper streamers. Placemats and centerpieces decorated each table, but the seating area was empty.

Del took a breath to ask Althea if they were going to pass the tables and felt her bladder starting to let go. She couldn't reach down, there were no leafy plants or trees to hide behind, and Del had about ten seconds before she lost control completely. She stepped onto the grass, slowly spread her feet to keep a safe grip on the cylinder, and waited for the inevitable.

"What's wrong?" Althea asked, looking serious.

"Nothing," Del gulped. "I'm just going to pee."

Althea groaned. "I told you. Would you be okay with me helping you?"

Del nodded. Allowing herself to relax wasn't making her wet herself any faster, at least. "If you're quick. It's coming."

Althea wasted no time unzipping Del's uniform pants, then pulling the waistband of the shorts underneath down. Del felt herself pop out as the stream started, and she sprayed onto the grass, splashing Althea's hand. She couldn't see what was going on down there but felt Althea reach down and aim the stream. Althea's hand was warm.

"You feel a little uh...frustrated," said Althea, gently pulling back Del's foreskin. The comment was both mortifying and somewhat erotic, the latter of which only contributed to the former. "Was there a smell before I told you to close the shower window?"

Another hopeful bubble that Del didn't know had formed in her chest deflated, but only a little. "Yeah. It was...like those smelly shrubs they like to landscape with on the Haman Homeworld...I'm sorry-"

"Don't be. Really. I'm a doctor, I've lost count of all of the naked people I've seen," Althea said. "Whatever chemical they're venting in the main lab makes people unusually horny, but for some reason, andynes are particularly susceptible. I'm still not quite sure what it is," Althea leaned close, and Del's dick started to throb in Althea's hand.

"Is that why Clay was talking about me uh..." Del felt herself blushing in the dark. "Trying to seduce you?"

"He's just very culturally Haman," sighed Althea. "He gets weird about men and women being alone together in the same room."

"Well good, because I'm-" Del stopped herself. If she told Althea there would be no going back. Part of her nudged her forward. "Because I'm a woman," Del stammered. It felt good to finally tell someone, but the dread set in before the words were out of her mouth-

"You said that when you were asleep earlier too," Althea mused. The dull thud of whatever music was playing inside at the celebration made them both glance up at the empty tables. "How long have you known?"

"Well..." Del craned her neck to see Althea's face over the side of the cylinder. She looked...normal. Del didn't know what she'd been expecting. "Always I guess. I only kind of...stopped denying it just over a month ago."

"Have you made any plans to transition yet?"

"I took this job to start saving up for it," said Del. "I checked, and WS doesn't cover any of the hormones or medical stuff."

"Sounds like them," scoffed Althea. "I know some non-WS doctors that might be able to help you. I'll put together a list of their contacts for you next time I'm in the office."

Del steadied herself. She'd expected some sort of backlash, but this felt shockingly like a normal, casual conversation. And with a Haman, no less. Usually, Hamans were even more uptight than Andynes. "That sounds good." A cold wind blew up from the water, sprinkling Del's stream sideways just enough to start splashing Althea's feet. The first drops of rain hit Del's face and arms and she pushed on her bladder to try and finish faster.

"Take your time, Del," said Althea. "If it starts raining early they'll stay inside." Del nodded and tried to relax. "Would you like me to refer to you as she around others here?"

So much for relaxing, Del thought. "Please no. I don't trust anyone else, and I'm only here until the end of the quarter anyway." The rain started falling harder and Del raised her wings over her and Althea, which only helped until the rain blew sideways. Althea huddled closer to Del. "Are we going to have to come back this way?" Del didn't want to shout, but she almost had to over the downpour.

Althea grinned. "Nope. That was the second backup plan."

"Good," sighed Del. Her flow was finally slowing, but stubbornly refusing to stop. The rumble of voices and music moved outside into the seating area, and Del and Althea exchanged a worried glance.

A cold breeze kicked up. It started raining even harder, now in fat drops that plunked heavily on everything. The crowd of people flooding the seating area made a collective sort of groan and moved noisily back indoors. The whole thing had taken less than ten seconds, but it felt like hours to Del.

"Are you done?" Althea whispered over the growing susurration of wind and rain. The two of them were quickly becoming soaked in the downpour despite Del's attempts to keep them dry with her wings. "I can't tell if you're still going?"

"Yeah," said Del. She was unsure, but they were both currently getting soaked through anyway. Del's zipper was stuck, so Althea just buttoned the fly and led Del up the hill. Del stopped at the bottom of the stairs like they'd planned while Althea checked ahead. Althea looked like she'd just climbed out of a swimming pool, Del thought, carefully hitching up the cylinder.

The windows into the residential building were empty, the sickly yellow carpets strewn with damp party favors. Althea moved some chairs for Del, and they made their way to a little alcove around the corner, where Althea opened a side maintenance door.

Del carefully lowered the cylinder onto the floor in her closet and stepped back for Althea to check everything. They had to turn it so that Althea could work the touchpad, but once that was done all she had to do was scroll through a succession of screens with different numbers.

"All good," said Althea, standing up.

Chib Pt. 44

Del and Althea were shivering when they arrived at Althea's room, so Althea started a pot of tea.

"Echeveria and lime?" Althea read off the box as Del undressed in the bathroom. The bathroom door was open just a crack, so they could talk and hand things through. "I also have blueberry vanilla, lemon chamomile, sleepytime, and oolong."

Low rumbles of thunder rattled the building every so often. The rain lashed the shower window; it had only gotten heavier since they'd made it inside.

"I think...oolong?" Del said, handing her soaked clothes through the door to Althea. "I'm sorry for wetting your shorts."

"Shorts...? Oh yeah, you had my striped floral shorts," laughed Althea. "No harm done. We both got so drenched it didn't make a difference anyway. Is your gender why you avoid the bathrooms here?"

"My experience with Haman bathrooms is...mixed," Del said sheepishly. She turned on the shower and waited for the water to warm up. "I'm not comfortable going into the women's, and I always get told how feminine I am when I use the men's bathrooms at Haman facilities. It would be flattering if it didn't feel like a threat." Del stepped into the shower. The water was lukewarm, but she was freezing. She stood under it anyway, feeling it slowly warm up. "And if you catch them watching you pee and you say something about it, you're considered the rude one."

Althea opened the bathroom door slightly wider. The shower curtain was closed so Del only heard it. "Del?" She said tentatively.

"Yeah?" Del let the warm water flow down her front while she held her wings up and out behind her. Most of the water from the rain had easily shaken out of her feathers in the maintenance room, but she hadn't done a full preen in a while, and didn't want to get them wet again.

Rumbling from outside made Althea hesitate. "I um...would you mind if I just came in to pee? I promise not to make it weird."

"Althy, we're so far past making it weird," Del snorted. "I didn't think you'd take my dick out and hold it while I uh..." Del's nerve drained away. "You know. Outside."

"Well, you were only carrying my entire life at the time, and if you hadn't stopped, we would've been up on the deck when everyone came outside," said Althea. She added quickly: "And if I hadn't aimed you, you would've soaked my shoes."

Del laughed. "Because your shoes would've been dry otherwise."

"I didn't think it was going to rain like that so early," said Althea, laughing herself. "Is it alright if I pee though?"

"Yeah, go ahead. I promise I won't watch," Del chortled.

The door opened and Althea's light footsteps crossed the bathroom. "I'm okay with you watching though-" she trailed off as she sat down, realizing what she'd said. "I'm so sorry. I promised I wouldn't make it weird," Althea agonized, her urine splashing into the bowl.

"I told you, we're way past that," said Del. "And you're married anyway."

"Not uh..." Althea's flow tinkled in the toilet bowl. "Not anymore."

"You got divorced?" Del asked.

Althea sighed. "My marriage expired last year."

"It expired?" said Del, a little ashamed of the excited flutter in her stomach. "You're from the Andyne Homeworld?" Andyne marriages had a set length, usually two to five years. These unions had to be continually renewed by both partners, in person, if the couple wished to stay married longer.

"I'm from a colony with Andyne marriage practices," said Althea. "My ex-husband has moved on, and I'm happy for him."

Something about the way Althea said that unnerved Del, but the horniness that had been building up for days overruled it. Del hadn't been expecting that and bit her lip to keep herself from saying anything. She splashed the water around to sound busy.

"If you like, I can watch you pee," Althea said tentatively.

Del felt the blood rushing downward and moaned, both from how sensitive she was getting under the running water and a wave of crushing embarrassment: "I couldn't pee right now if I tried."

"May I help with that?" said Althea. Del's shame was visceral, but it wasn't unpleasant. She knew there was nothing to be ashamed of, but her traditional Andyne upbringing pushed back.

"Yes," Del said stiffly. "But is there like...a way to do it without um..."

"Without physical contact?" suggested Althea.

"Yeah," said Del. "I'm sorry-"

"No, no, I understand," said Althea. "What would you be comfortable with?" Del looked down at herself. She felt skinny and flat-chested and intentionally avoided looking at her penis. It was fully engorged, and Del knew she wouldn't last long. She began rubbing herself in slow, patient strokes.

"Do you mean like..." This wasn't a great time for Del to use her brain. "...Dirty talk?"

"Sure, if you like," Althea said. "Or I could moan, or just say nice things about you?"

"That last one sounds good," breathed Del.

Althea cleared her throat like she was about to address a meeting. "First of all, I think you've got a very pretty face. You're so thin and graceful, and I'm so jealous of your cute freckles...is this alright?"

Del moaned, "It's weird, but it's working."

Althea continued: "You have beautiful hair. Your butt is nice and round, like the original Harpy Silverling model airships." Normally, that would've pulled Del out of the moment, but she was already barreling to her climax and couldn't stop. "And your wings are gorgeous. You keep them so nice, and it's wonderful how passionate you are about flying."

Del sped up her hand.

"You look nice in my shorts. I have a pair of drawstring pants that are way too long for me if you're interested. I think you'd look lovely in them-"

Del rocketed right over the edge and shot rapid-fire bursts of cum onto the tile. It took a long time to stop coming out, and smaller drips kept coming, each with a corresponding twitch. The orgasm was more intense than the last time she'd blown a load in Althea's shower, but she'd been able to keep her footing this time, leaning on the wall to steady herself.

"Del? Are you okay in there?" Althea asked tentatively.

"I'm-" gasped Del. "I'm okay."

"Is it always that intense?" said Althea.

"Sometimes," Del breathed. The usual post-orgasm need to pee began to well up. "Not this often though."

Peeking through the curtain, Althea closed her eyes respectfully. "There's a fold-out shower stool in the corner if you want to sit down."

"I-" wheezed Del. "I need to clean up first."

"We can just rinse the shower after you pee," said Althea.

Althea entered the shower area and folded out the stool for Del, who sat gratefully. Once Del was comfortable, Althea surveyed the shower. Del had at least managed to keep her spatter contained to one wall and the floor.

"You came a lot," observed Althea. Del blushed and took a breath to change the subject. Althea added, "It's nothing to be embarrassed about. I'm just glad to see that my first attempt at phone sex with a woman went so well. Well...technically phone sex, anyway."

Del sighed, finally catching her breath. "Technically?" The need to pee grew despite the tentative disappointment in the pit of Del's stomach.

"Well yeah, we weren't on the phone. It's the same principle, but it's different having the other person in the room," said Althea. "And they listen in on the phone lines here."

"Clay would lecture me about 'seducing you' if he found out," Del snorted despite herself. She felt her muscles starting to let go and scooted her hips forward on the stool. She'd been self-consciously shielding her abating erection and uncovered it, resting one hand on her thigh while the other pulled back her foreskin and aimed. Althea watched avidly, and it gave Del butterflies in her stomach. Del's dick twitched, and after a couple of false starts, started urinating with a drip.

"Your foreskin is very healthy," Althea noted approvingly while the stream quickened and formed an arc that joined the shower water near the drain.

"Can we not talk about my dick too much?" asked Del. "You're the first person I've come out to and I'm a little sensitive right now."

"Really? Me?" said Althea. "I'm honored. And of course." Althea looked down. Del was still pissing; though she was almost done, it felt especially relieving. "Do you hold it for so long on purpose, or was it just the tea today?"

"A bit of both," Del sighed contentedly. Her flow took a long time to stop.

When Del was finished, Althea flipped a switch on the showerhead and pulled it out on a retractable sort of hose to rinse the shower. It didn't take long, and she took a few seconds to warm her hands under the hot water when she put it back.

"I can step out of the shower if you'd like a turn," Del offered.

"You wouldn't have to step out," said Althea. "But I've got the kettle on in the kitchen." She put her hand on Del's shoulder as she passed. It was warm from the shower water and the skin was pink. Del felt a sudden, soft pressure on her forehead; she realized as Althea stepped back that Althea had just kissed her there. It sent a shiver down Del's spine and wrenched a surprised, moaning gasp out of her.

"Ow wow, that was almost instant," said Althea, looking down. Del knew why but didn't cover herself. "Are you feeling okay?"

Del nodded. "Just...you know. Horny," Del laughed wearily. "I'm too tired for this."

"If you like, I keep anti-horny pills for Andynes," Althea said from the door. She opened the door as a low whistle started in the main room. "They don't counteract all the effects of the chemicals here, but you'll be physically unable to get a boner for 24 hours at a time."

The kettle whistled louder. "Is that what you do?" Del asked.

Althea shook her head. "No. We keep a stock for Hamans, but they make me nauseous. You wanted oolong, right?"

___________________________________

I know there's no art so I'm posting 2 chapters. I've been trying to basically design an airship advertisement like a vintage RV ad and I'm having technical difficulties - I can't seem to achieve an acceptably 60s posterized landscape.

*067*2023-11-15 04:30

{{9 hours ago, orangelion said:

I looked for it and I couldn't find it. Where is it? If you don't mind me asking.

}}

It's the first word of each paragraph; it was a fun writing exercise, having to come up with each letter.

{{9 hours ago, orangelion said:

That sounds like it'll look great if you manage to make it work

}}

Thanks. 🙂 I haven't made the image work out yet, but I have the colors I want in mind now, so that's a step forward.

*069*2023-11-20 20:27

Part 45

Avaris plugged her camera into her laptop. The screen lit up: the background was a photo of her parents from one of their hikes in the Salish coastal forests. She moved some files for the sake of organization, but she had plenty of space for more photos.

"Very nice," Avaris yawned to herself, checking the battery. It was full. "I can't believe I remembered to charge it. Great job, me."

Avaris stretched back in her chair and felt another kind of fullness in her abdomen. She'd watched a horror movie on her laptop after she changed into dry clothes, and the credits were currently scrolling across the screen. Horror movies always made her fidgety, so she'd dealt with it by taking small, continuous nervous sips of her tea. She only narrowly avoided spraying it out of her nose during the jumpscares.

Rechecking all the settings, Avaris stood up. She switched the camera off to save the battery and set it down.

It was almost two-thirty. Avaris was hungry but didn't want to start making lunch until after her "stretching exercise." Azri had said that once she felt the urge to pee, she should try to put it off for five more minutes. Now that the movie was over and the camera was ready for later, Avaris didn't have anything to do to keep her busy for those five minutes. She decided to stretch her legs and go for a walk.

Sunlight greeted her when she opened the front door. The day was cooler than she'd expected, but she still stuck to the shady areas around the yard's perimeter until she came to one of the trails into the trees. There was enough room to stretch out her wings, and though she knew what would happen if she used them, she gave them a perfunctory flex while she walked.

Determined, Avaris hiked out to the lone air dock in the trees, built around a small rocky outcropping. She knew she could just stop and pee whenever she needed it, especially with everyone gone on errands. Thinking about it made her need to go.

"I can't, not now," Avaris said firmly to herself, pausing to press her legs together. "Five more minutes. Less than that." All she had to do was make it to the air dock. She was almost there: she could see the valley in bright slivers between the trees.

Exiting the trees and seeing the valley spread out in front of her, Avaris felt her stomach drop. She hastily gathered up her skirt: she wore a simple pink linen dress with a rounded collar that gave it a semi-formal look. She wasn't planning on wearing it to the festival later, but didn't want to get it wet either. The dock had railings with a built-in gate and attachments for water and power hookups; she'd been trying to work up the nerve to ask Miss Mayra about docking there for the past few days and had lost her nerve each time at Mayra's front door. Avaris approached the gated railing, struggling to stop the dribble already pattering lightly on the ground. A simple latch secured the gate; Avaris flipped it, shuffled into the gap, and relaxed.

Dark shapes in the sky indicated some airship traffic, which Avaris watched idly while she tried to release. She stabilized herself by putting her hand on the gate, absently swinging it back and forth by pulling it in closer with her hand and bumping it away with her wing. She tried to focus.

One of the dark shapes was closer than the others, and to Avaris's growing apprehension, it split off from the designated corridor and circled around, nearing the dockyard. If that was Miss Mayra's runabout, they would pass very close to where Avaris stood. Against Azri's medical advice, Avaris tried to push on her bladder. A lot of effort coaxed out only brief leaks. Avaris's pussy was swollen and throbbing, looking very pink under her green pubic hair. She'd considered masturbating out here, but that was off the table now. Avaris could see the colors of the small vessel: dark gray with black and red trim, and started to panic.

The small airship was quickly coming closer. Avaris took a deep breath to push on her bladder one last time, and a gust of wind caught her wing. She leaned back on the gate and it swung freely under her. She stumbled back, skirt flying, and pushed herself forward. Unluckily, she'd been standing right on the edge. Avaris fell.

Avaris's wings caught her reflexively, beating hard against the air to keep her from gliding off down the sheer side of the plateau. She almost missed the rounded soil of the dropoff and used her hands to claw her way up. Her wings provided a last big push, and she skidded to a stop on the flat ground around the base of the dock supports. She whirled around and not only was the airship closer than ever, but a distinctive winged shape dropped from it in a careful, practiced arc. "No," Avaris whined. Her landing reflex kicked in, and all she could do about it was raise her skirt while Mayra glided toward her. "No no no." An explosion of piss whizzed out onto the dusty ground. Avaris's knees unhinged and she let herself fall. The world dimmed around the edges.

Avaris folded at the waist and intentionally fell forward with her butt in the air to keep her wings off the ground. Conveniently, the way she fell allowed the breezes to catch and flip up her dress in the back, clear of the loud whizzing stream splashing loudly on the ground behind her. She was now being seen like this by at least three people, yet the impulse to care was ebbing away, replaced with blessedly thoughtless fatigue.

The telltale galloping footsteps lighted nearby as Mayra made a heavy handing. "Nucifera?" Avaris felt a nudge against her wing. "Nucifera, what happened?"

"Was a...akksid-int," said Avaris into the dirt against her face. It was wet. Normally Avaris would've been horrified and grossed out to fall in her own wet spot, but the sensation was already drifting away like an unmoored boat on a river. There would be time to be grossed out later. All she could feel was the copious emptying of her bladder. It felt good, even as the flow slowed and ran warmly down her front, soaking into her dress. "I kept m'...m'wings out of the-...out of the-"

"Nucifera? Nucifera?" Miss Mayra's voice faded. Avaris distantly felt the beginnings of a headache when her body slackened. "Avaris?"

___________________________________

Posting because going the weekend without this site weirded me out. No art yet: this time I blame holiday things. I'm almost at one of the ones I want to post though. It'll only be like part 53 or 54.

*070*2023-11-25 09:48

Part 46

May raised her long skirt at the railing. There was a spot of moisture in her underwear where she'd leaked, but it wasn't as bad as it had felt in the pilot seat. She pulled down the underwear before checking her butt. It was dry. May gave a sigh of relief that was lost in the wind and settled against the railing. She let her wings droop to keep them from catching any breezes. It was only two in the afternoon and it had already been a long day. That was her fault though, she thought to herself. She was the one who'd wanted to go to Nilbog for the dress.

Her bladder had been full for so long that the muscles around it were sore, and she knew this was going to take a while. May stretched her legs, her free hand holding the railing, and watched her reluctant flow sparkling in the sunlight on the way down.

Below, the outskirts of Cloudwater Cove trailed off into tangled old-growth cedar forests. This area reminded her of where she'd grown up, in a small family compound on the coast. The family's flying course out there was beautiful but dangerous, and she'd practiced hard since before she'd lost the baby fluff from her feathers to be allowed out there among the craggy cliffs and sea stacks, the merciless whipping winds and the sprays of the crashing waves.

May contemplated opening the gate and hopping off for a quick loop around the craft before landing back on deck. The weather was perfect for flying, but she didn't want to do that to Pia without warning. May took a deep breath and looked down. She still felt full but all she could let out was a pathetic trickle, petering to a stop.

May had time to stand there for a few minutes, she thought. When they got back to the yard in about half an hour, she had a lot of organizing and paperwork to do before dressing up and going to the festival.

May had never bought anything from Desiderata's before and was excited to look nice for Azri that evening. She closed her eyes, enjoying the silence.

A latch clicked behind her.

"Mayra?" said Saoirse's voice. May felt the familiar knee-jerk of dislike for Saoirse from their first meeting and turned it over in her mind before brushing it aside. "Is everything okay? You've been out here for a while."

"I'm fine," May sighed, looking back over her wing at Saoirse. "Just taking my time."

May's bladder picked that moment to let go in a full, whizzing jet. "Is everything alright in there?" May couldn't keep the moan of relief out of her voice.

Saoirse's face turned bright red. "Yep. Everything is fine." She shut the door and May let the moan trail off into a laugh.

It felt like a long time for May to finish, and she stood outside for several minutes afterward. Her underwear was almost dry when she replaced them, dropped her shirt, and went back inside.

Saoirse was at the radio when May entered, the headphones sitting haphazardly over her ears and spewing chatter while Saoirse adjusted the dials.

Pia got up and let May take back the pilot's chair. "Everything okay?" she asked quietly, standing at May's side.

"Yeah. I have a lot to do when we get back, so I was having a quick break," said May. "Thanks for taking over for me so long."

May was glad she'd had a break. There was some air traffic going the other way, and that made the next twenty minutes pass quickly until the plateau the dockyard sat on was in sight, the metal hull of her large airship glinting in the sun. May picked out the location of one of the outlying air docks. She moved her ship there occasionally and liked the view, but she liked having her back deck in her normal spot more. May turned to her controls as a stray gust of wind pushed past, and noticed movement when she looked back up: a pair of brown wings fluttered off the side of the plateau in front of the dock. The blood drained from May's face in cold prickles.

"Pia, I'm going to need you to land," said May, standing up. "Just behind the shop, please."

"What are you doing?" asked Pia, sitting in the pilot's seat.

May pulled her hair into a bun before opening the door. "Flying down."

May opened the gate in the railing and dropped off the back deck. The wind caught her wings and she arched around in time to see Nucifera collapse up on the trail that ran beneath the dock. Having just emptied her bladder, May made a heavy landing next to the Nucifera girl.

"Nucifera?" panted May. Nucifera was face down on the ground with her ass in the air, pissing hugely in a spraying arc behind her. The flyer in May chalked that up to the landing reflex, and she hurried over. "Nucifera, what happened?"

Nucifera was shaking. She mumbled something into the dirt.

"-kept m'...m'wings out of the-...out of the-"

May nudged Nucifera's wing. "Nucifera? Nucifera?" Nucifera's body sagged into a faint. "Avaris?!"

May checked Avaris's wings for broken bones, then turned her onto her side to check her arms and legs. They were all fine, though cut and dirty from clawing her way back up the cliff.

May carried Nucifera to the nearest airship: Nucifera's Limpet. Pia and Saoirse met her on the boardwalk on the way to the door.

"Is she alright?" asked Pia.

"No," May replied. "Pia, could you grab her key and let us in? She might have something for this. Saoirse, do you know how to call Azri?"

Pia opened the door and stood aside for May to sidle in with Nucifera. A mesh camping cot stood along one wall and May set her down on it. In the bedroom, the airship's radio crackled.

May rolled Avaris onto her side in the rescue position. "Pia, could you look in the medicine cabinet?"

Pia nodded and hurried over to the end of the room containing the sink and toilet. The medicine cabinet was next to it. "What am I looking for?"

"Look for the words 'explosive' in all caps and try not to shake it," said May. "If she doesn't have it here, I might ask you to get it from my shop."

Saoirse emerged from the bedroom. "Azri's on her way."

_____________________________________________________

Art is my first pic of Yarrow from August, all not looking burnt out from work and stuff. A bit ahead but not really spoilery. I'm thinking of drawing more of Tabbitha soon since she's in the next few chapters.

&&

*072*2023-11-25 20:25

{{4 hours ago, Stanley79 said:

Do characters in this world use different earphone models to match their ears?

}}

Renoige can use regular human headphones, they just get uncomfortable after extended periods. May probably has some Renoige/cat ear headphones in her shop because she collects that stuff, but didn't think to bring them. Headphones/headsets for cat ears would be standard on airships from the Renoige homeworld, but the runabout is a Haman-made vessel.

Hamans aren't really accommodating to Renoige either - I was starting to explore that with my short stories with Dmeytri and Nihrae, but then I switched to writing this and 2020 happened.

*073*2023-11-29 03:38

Part 47

Avaris sat up at the undersized school desk, moving delicately to keep from worsening her pounding headache. The classroom was empty this time, but the projector was on. The whiteboard was full of algebraic equations, with what she knew to be a schedule grid across the top. "GIVE ME YOUR WINGS" blazed in bright red letters projected on top of them.

"A summary of..." Avaris read aloud, squinting. If this was real life the light would be stinging her eyes, but here she didn't have that problem. "Andyne-Haman relations in the context of-..." At this point, both the text from the projector and the scribbles on the whiteboard devolved into gibberish.

"Ugh. Sugar," scoffed Avaris. A shushing came from the direction of the teacher's desk and Avaris stood up. She wore a crisp pink button-up shirt and knee-length black skirt, the uniform of her former catering job.

"Wait, what catering job?" Avaris said aloud. "I've never..." She looked down. She looked good, she thought approvingly. It triggered a memory of looking down at that skirt. An intricate tile pattern of either flowers or stylized fish surrounded her feet on the floor. The flash of memory ended as abruptly as it started, leaving her standing in the classroom.

The invisible teacher gave her a reproachful, unintelligible mumble.

"You can shove that up your jumper, Mx Rapbern," recited Avaris, feeling a small surge of adrenaline that she knew didn't belong to her. She'd done this a few times, acting out someone else's memory. She could fight it, but it was more interesting to let them play out because she learned things; most recently she'd found out that the owner of this classroom's initials were A.T. It was interesting that Cyan had so much trouble with it, she thought, willing herself back to the cave with the path. This time she emerged directly onto the stone jetty on the lake. Avaris didn't think Cyan would be there at that time of day, but the little sitting area in the house was peaceful.

The path up to the house passed with a predictable rapidity, and when she reached the top she saw that Cyan was there, curled up on the stone chair and snoring softly. He wore a pair of pajama pants patterned with pink lotuses and a black Andyne shirt, exposing the blue skin of his back. Cyan sat up when Avaris took the opposite seat.

"Avi? Hi!" Cyan said muzzily.

"Hi," Avaris yawned. Somewhere far off, she could feel herself being carried. "I think I need to wake up."

"Where are you?" yawned Cyan. "Do you need to pee? That always makes me go back."

"I think I just did," said Avaris slowly. The waking world was like a half-remembered dream. "I don't need to go."

"I just had a lot of water," said Cyan. "When I wake up I could find you and wake you."

Avaris shook her head. "It's nice of you, but I don't know if I can." Something else occurred to her: "I won't be able to attend the festival tonight. I'm sorry, Cy."

Cyan gave her a long, calculating look. Blackness bled into the whites of his eyes, and the irises took on a glowing violet hue. "You...fell?" he asked at last.

"It's not so much that," Avaris said. "I overused my wings. I'm going to be out for a few days. I'm so sorry."

"But are you okay?" Cyan blinked and the black and violet cleared from his eyes.

Avaris took a deep, steadying breath. "Not really. I don't want to think about it. Where did you get those pants?"

Cyan glanced down. "I think I gave these to Del. Want to switch? I think they'd look cute on you with the pink shirt."

"You mean like..." Avaris's head hurt. "Won't they care if I show up in pink pants?"

"This is a dream, Avi," said Cyan. "You're not Pia, and she doesn't work there anymore." The embroidered label on the breast read, "FoxFire Catering."

Avaris ran her fingers over the raised letters. "Oh yeah. You know, when I was looking for Pia, this stupid catering company never answered my letters."

"You were looking for her?" Cyan asked. "Why?"

A nasty throb banged through Avaris's head. "I...we were in the same..." Avaris heard voices and tasted something sweet. "They were going to take my w-"

Familiar dark blue tiles swam into focus. Avaris was in her airship, lying on her bed, staring at the ceiling. Her entire body ached, her head was pounding, and she felt weak and heavy.

"The concentrate is only explosive in large volumes," said Miss Mayra's voice. "And the crush capsules and mouth syringe are light enough to go in an in-flight first aid kit. I just don't see why you brought it here in the dress bag."

"-nnngs-" Avaris groaned and turned her head. Mayra sat by her bed on a kitchen chair, uncapping a bottle of sugary soda while Pia and Saoirse stood behind her.

"Miss Nucifera," said Mayra. "Can you sit up?"

Avaris was surprised to find that she could, and Mayra handed her the sugary soda. Avaris took a long drink.

"How's your head?" Mayra asked. To Avaris's surprise, she found her headache rapidly draining away.

"Better," said Avaris.

Avaris's front door opened, and Azri and Della entered, carrying two different medical kits.

Avaris wasn't surprised that Miss Mayra knew what she was doing or that she had the sugar concentrate capsules, considering who she was. Pia and Saoirse had left to prepare for the festival, which still left the little airship feeling crowded.

"It looks like you're doing everything right," said Azri, kissing Mayra on the cheek. "Avaris, you'll be needing fluids, sugars, and lots of rest for the next two days at least. Unfortunately, that means no festival tonight."

"I know," Avaris sighed. "Were you planning on taking any photos while you're there tonight?"

"Oh, I'm not going," said Azri. "I'm staying here to monitor you until our usual evening checkup at nine." Behind her, Della nodded in agreement.

"I can stay," Mayra volunteered. " Go have fun with your kids. I can contact you on my phone or the radio here if there's an emergency."

Avaris thought of something and interjected feebly, "Azri, could you and Della take some pictures of the foxfire on my camera?"

"Della's pretty good at taking photos," said Azri proudly. "What do you think, Del?"

"I can stay here though," Della insisted.

"Della, no," said Mayra, putting a hand on Della's shoulder. "I appreciate the thought, but you're still a kid. You shouldn't have to worry about being on call just yet. Go enjoy your evening. Avaris will probably be asleep most of the time anyway." Della blushed, and Mayra added, "I saw your photos at the school art show last year. They were wonderful."

"Please take a few pictures for me?" yawned Avaris. "I promised my dad some photos of the festival."

Azri and Della left around three-thirty in the afternoon. Avaris was beginning to doze off, and Mayra sat at the kitchen table facing her, reading the book that Pia had brought her in the bag from-

"Desiderata's? Did I leave that out?" Avaris asked, sitting up groggily. The bag was next to May's feet on the tile floor.

"No, this is mine," said Mayra. "Yours is in the bedroom. I saw it when I checked your radio."

"Oh," Avaris yawned. She wanted to lie down, but she needed to pee first. It wasn't urgent, but if she didn't, she knew she would wet the bed.

"Why do you sleep in here, if you don't mind my asking?" asked Mayra. Part of Avaris wanted to just let go right there on her bed to show her, but this was already embarrassing enough without that.

"I have a uh...condition," Avaris said evasively, swinging her feet down. Mayra got up to help her. "I can do this-" Avaris's balance was shaky and Mayra caught her.

"Does this happen often?" Mayra asked, guiding her to the toilet and helping with the frilly skirt on her clean nightdress.

"It usually isn't this bad." Avaris sat on the toilet and immediately released her usual pressurized spray into the bowl while May stood at the sink, respectfully looking away. This was far too casual, Avaris thought, but couldn't stop. "I haven't used my wings that much in years."

"You don't fly anymore?" May helped Avaris to her feet so she could wash her hands.

Avaris gave a single hollow laugh. "No. Not since I was fifteen." Mayra helped her wobble back to the bed. Avaris sat down heavily, took a long drink of soda, and fell asleep before her head hit the pillow.

_____________________________________

Did a really quick sketch of Avaris and forgot her wings. Whoops.

&&

*074*2023-12-01 09:26

Part 48

Cyan gazed out at the water, concentrating on trying to wake up instead of wetting the couch. An odd, momentary pressure disturbed the air.

"What a relaxing setting," said Azri, popping casually into existence on the stone pier and strolling up the ramp toward Cyan. "There you are! That outfit looks nice on you."

Cyan turned slightly to try and hide the bulge in the pink lotus pants. In the body's attempt to hold it, Cyan had gone stiff. It wasn't personal or even related to Azri, but that didn't make it any less embarrassing.

"Don't bother, I don't mind," said Azri, crossing the threshold and sitting down in the opposite spot. "I'm just here to tell you that Avaris can't come to the festival tonight. Three of my kids will be there with school groups, so if you still want to go you can accompany Della and I."

"Avi told me earlier," Cyan said, squirming. "Why are you staring at my pants?"

Azri had been openly, unabashedly staring. Cyan thought she was staring at their crotch, and was slightly disappointed to realize that she wasn't. "I've seen them before. Have you?"

In an attempt to make things less awkward, Cyan deliberately let go of his bladder. The world rippled, and Cyan sat up on the couch. Azri stood next to him, pressing her legs together.

"Mom? Cyan?" Della said, standing in the kitchen with an uncomfortable expression on their face. "Are you okay?"

Cyan clenched up and staggered to his feet. His actual clothes were mercifully baggy.

"We're fine, he just peed - Cy, the bathroom is locked," Azri grunted. Cyan took another step toward the bathroom to knock and heard a low, repetitive moan within. Della's fluffy ringed tail flicked behind them in irritation and they inched toward the front door.

"I'll use the sink," Cyan gulped.

"I told you to wait outside, bubble," Azri told Della mildly, opening the front door for them. Once Della was out, Azri asked Cyan, "We're using the runabout tonight. Pia and Saoirse are picking us up from the school at about six. Do you need anything before then?"

"I'm okay for now," Cyan made it to the sink, pulled down the waistband, and burst into the basin, all over the mugs there. The other side of the sink was empty, but one of the mugs was already half full of blue piss. They would need to be washed anyway, Cyan thought glumly.

"Alright. See you then! Remember to double void," Azri called, skittering away. Cyan could see the leaves of the stray tomato plant through the window over the sink. A few seconds later, the top of Azri's head, curly and darker green than the tomato leaves, bobbed past, just barely visible in the bottom of the window. She stopped next to the base of the tomato plant and the top of her head bobbed out of sight as a quiet splashing sound drifted up through the open window. Cyan tried not to listen and instead looked for the dish soap. A loud moan, distinctly Pia's voice, echoed in the bathroom, and it didn't help.

Cyan had only let out enough to relieve the pressure, but it was enough. The normal time for Avi's "treatments" was about four, and going to her airship would get Cyan away from-

"S-Saoirse! I'm gonna-"

Cyan hastily rinsed out the mugs, pulled the shorts back into place, and made for the front door.

The sun felt nice outside, and Cyan walked along at a leisurely pace. The physical activity helped direct blood flow away from the more problematic regions, and a cool breeze ruffled Cyan's hair, grown out to a coarse fuzz that had just started to become softer than it was prickly.

Cyan knocked on the door and was surprised when Mayra answered. "Cyan? What are you doing here?" she asked in a quiet voice.

"Is um...Avi in?" Cyan asked.

Mayra came out and shut the door behind her. "She's asleep right now," Mayra said at her normal volume.

"How is she?" asked Cyan.

"Did Azri tell you she won't be able to attend the festival?" said Mayra.

"Yeah," Cyan replied. "Did she get Azri or Della to take her camera? She promised her dad pictures of the festival."

"They did."

"Should we bring back some food for you and Avi?" asked Cyan. The need to pee was starting to assert itself again, and Cyan looked around for some stairs to the ground.

"That would be great," said Mayra.

Not knowing what else to do, Cyan said, "When she wakes up, tell her I'll be back around nine with Azri." Cyan turned and headed for the nearest set of stairs to the ground. "For the nighttime treatment."

"Will do...why are you going that way?" Mayra asked, somewhat suspiciously.

Cyan froze. "I um..." No lie or excuse sprang to mind. "Pee break?"

"If you pass the dock out there, could you close the gate on it?" Mayra asked, going back inside.

Cyan took the familiar nearby trail and found the dock. The gate in the railing was still swinging open, and Cyan walked up and closed it. The wind whipped about in the open space, so Cyan took the little trail to the area below.

The wet spots Avaris had left were long dry, but marks in the slope from her frantic climb were still there, scratched into the dirt. Cyan stopped in the cool sheltered hollow under the dock, noting one of Avaris's tan feathers lying on the ground when he pulled down the waistband.

It wasn't hard to see why Avaris had wanted to pee there: the landscape stretched out around the lookout point: to the west, the eastern half of Segoe already looked festive at that distance around the shimmering lake. To the east, the forested hills of the region rolled out to a mountain range on the horizon.

It occurred to Cyan that if someone in Segoe had a telescope, they could probably see it when people peed up here.

"What a weird thought," Cyan yawned aloud. The image of Avi rubbing the embroidered letters on her shirt popped to the top of Cyan's mind, and some of that inconvenient swelling came back. It didn't slow the flow but made it so that Cyan didn't have to aim. Cyan maintained a brittle sort of control, pushing down the image of Avi in his mind. It wasn't even erotic, Cyan thought, but couldn't help stubbornly reacting to it.

When Cyan was all done, he stood dripping for a few minutes, enjoying the warm breeze. In Cyan's hand, the swelling took on more of a hardness. There wouldn't be much to do back at Pia's, and Cyan didn't want to hide an erection all evening at the festival; there was no reason not to take care of it here.

Cyan sat down on the dry ground at the base of one of the dock supports. The image of Avi rose back up to the front of his mind as he stopped fighting it and got to work. The orgasm built up quickly, assisted by the memory of Pia crying out Saoirse's name.

Cyan came hard and let out an embarrassing amount of spatter on the damp dirt. It didn't really matter, Cyan knew, sitting back. They drifted off in the breezy afternoon, vaguely hoping that this would be a short nap.

Part 49

"Found you," Saoirse sang.

Saoirse and Pia cleaned up in the shower and retreated upstairs to nap for about an hour. Cyan was absent. When they got up at about five, Cyan was still gone. Saoirse and Pia weren't worried until about five-thirty.

Pia wanted to check on Mayra and Avaris, so while she did that, Saoirse looked for Cyan. Saoirse watched Pia making her way across to Mayra's shop for some requested items and wasn't surprised that Cyan wasn't out on the walkways. Saoirse sniffed the air and found that Cyan had gone toward the back of the yard. The trail stretched away in the direction of Avi's weird Limpet airship. Not a bad weird, just...weird, Saoirse mused, following the scent. As she'd expected, the trail did extend to Avi's door, but a slightly newer trail veered off down the nearest stairs and into the trees. Saoirse left the doorway to hopped down to the ground.

Saoirse caught the scent of urine before the dock came into view. Cyan wasn't on the dock, but she knew exactly where he was.

Cyan was asleep at the base of the dock, legs splayed with a slowly drying damp spot between them, and his dick out. Saoirse could smell what he'd been doing. He jumped when Saoirse announced that she'd found him, sliding down the sloping dirt trail toward him.

"Aww, you look so sweet when you're asleep," said Saoirse, holding a hand out. "Need help up?"

"I need to pee first," Cyan yawned, sitting up shakily. His face was flushed blue-violet from sleep.

"Would you like me to turn around?" asked Saoirse. Cyan aimed and unabashedly pissed on the ground between his legs.

"Wh-" Cyan suppressed another yawn and failed. "Why?"

Saoirse shrugged. "Because I don't need to go. It feels weird just watching."

"You've seen it before. I don't mind," said Cyan. He finished and hastily shook off, and Saoirse held a hand out to help him up.

"I got pee on my hands," Cyan yawned again.

"What's it gonna do, turn me into a were-Cyan on full moons?" Saoirse snorted. "I wouldn't mind being tall and blue." Cyan fixed his shorts and let Saoirse pull him to his feet.

Cyan brushed the dirt off his butt and went back to Pia's airship with Saoirse. They passed Pia on the way.

"Where were you?" Pia asked Cyan.

"I um...I fell asleep," said Cyan, blushing. Pia looked him up and down, her eyes lingering on the smudges of dirt on his legs and shorts.

"In the shade, to his credit," Saoirse added. She responded to the knowing glance Pia gave her with: "He's okay, and we're meeting Azri in twenty minutes if he's not."

"Alright," said Pia, kissing Saoirse on the cheek.

Pia continued on her way and Saoirse took Cyan back to Pia's home, where she washed her hands while Cyan changed his clothes in the bathroom.

Pia looked up at the Limpet as she strode up to the door. It was unlocked, and she opened it as quietly as she could. She stuck her head through to see May at the table next to the door. Pia padded in and gave May the requested items: a book of crossword puzzles, her favorite mechanical pencil, the dockyard accounts book, and a calculator, collected in one of the spare cloth shopping bags.

Avaris snored softly on her cot. May mouthed "thank you" to Pia and motioned toward the door.

"What is it?" Pia asked when May shut the door.

"Cyan wants to bring some food back from the festival for us," said May. "From what Azri has told me I'm not sure he knows what money is, so if you or Azri buy for him I'll pay you back."

"That's generous of you. I think him and Avaris were going to buy something there."

"Just nothing really expensive, and I'll also pay you back for as many of those fried buns as you'll get me," said May. "Azri's bringing some back for me too."

Pia met Saoirse and Cyan at the shop, and let them all into the runabout. She had to tell Cyan to sit down while she piloted the airship down the side of the plateau. From the passenger seat, he watched the scenery, and Pia noted that his eyes had changed color to a pale pre-dawn violet, glinting like metal while he craned his neck to stare at the buildings.

Azri and Della were at the regional school facility, about ten minutes north of Segoe. Pia found them easily in the sports fields and set down just long enough for them to board. The two of them wore matching knitted jumpers with green stylized flames.

"Did you and Avaris do her afternoon treatment today?" Azri asked Cyan quietly. Pia couldn't help listening. In the reflection of the topographical display, she could see Della going through their backpack and Saoirse holding the radio headphones against one ear.

"No. I went over to her ship and she was asleep," Cyan whispered, blushing. Azri seemed to mull that over for a few seconds.

"Festival parking says we're supposed to set down on the water," said Saoirse. "They say look for floating docks with orange stripes."

"Right," said Pia. She spotted the plastic docks on the water and took up a place behind another airship, directed by someone on the ground with orange-painted pointing sticks.

_____________________________________________

The image is still like three chapters ahead. I didn't forget his wings but I did blob wings, which is almost worse.

&&

*075*2023-12-04 22:10

Part 50

"Yeah," said Pia. "I want to get them just before we leave, though. When are you two meeting your other kids' groups?" she asked Azri. The temporary floating docks bobbed under their feet in a way Cyan didn't like, and they were anxious to get to the paved pier.

"I'm meeting up with Zinda and Yara later, and we'll see Jasper if we see him," said Azri. "We need to be back by nine, so let's start heading back here at eight-thirty."

Pia, Saoirse, and Della all nodded in agreement, and they stepped off the dock.

"Let's go get something to eat first. I'm starving," said Della.

Cyan drank in the scenery. It was still early and most of the festival stalls were just finishing their setup. Something pressed into Cyan's palm and he looked down. Pia had given him her money pouch.

"Could you and Della get everyone some buns?" Pia asked quietly, seeming to hide behind Cyan. "And Azri says get yourself an ice water."

Cyan stopped to ask Pia what was going on when she disappeared around the corner with Azri. Saoirse followed her, looking concerned.

"If you need help, come get one of us," said Saoirse, rounding the corner.

The line at the bun stand was short, and Cyan stepped up behind a nervous young andyne man with black-lined gull wings. Cyan was content to examine the feathers, which were healthy except for some bare patches. Beneath the wings was a pair of rumpled slacks, rolled up to the knees over a pair of scuffed black shoes.

Della sniffed, "I wonder what she was so worked up about."

"It's..." Cyan paused. "I feel like I should know this." The line moved up. It was the andyne man's turn.

"I um...I..." the Andyne man was practically vibrating with nerves. He froze up. Cyan's stomach growled, and the iced drinking water in the tank next to the portable deep fryers looked good.

Cyan looked past the andyne to the dark-green-skinned amphibious man at the counter, his hair covered by a close-fitting cap and protected from his chest to his knees by a heavy apron, emblazoned simply with the word "Bun" on the right breast. Under that, Cyan could tell he was naked. What really struck Cyan was how familiar the man's face was.

"Hi, Bun," Cyan interjected while the andyne man floundered. "Can we get one bun for him and five more, and three waters please?" Della gave Cyan a sly look while they helped Cyan count out the money.

"How do you-..." Bun seemed taken aback for a long moment. "Oh yeah, it's on my apron," he laughed, seeming to relax, and handed Cyan the change. Bun gave them their food and drinks but stopped Cyan before they could leave.

"Do you know Cassiopeia Williams?" he asked. Cyan wasn't sure how to respond and took a prolonged drink of water. It had a nice hint of lemon.

"We might. Why?" asked Della.

Bun checked behind them. There wasn't a line. "I used to work with her. I just want to know how she is."

Della narrowed their eyes.

"Just...if you see her, tell her Bun says hi, and hopes she's doing well." Another person walked up behind them, and Della ushered both Cyan and the andyne man over to a nearby dining area. The andyne sat down and Cyan sat across from him. Della set the bags of buns on the table.

"Is that last water for anyone?" Della asked Cyan, taking their own water.

"It's for him," said Cyan, gesturing to the andyne man. The man looked barely out of his teens, with a shaggy silvery blue pageboy haircut. Over the slacks, he wore a simple black tank top. "Pia told me I could get a couple of things for myself, and she did say to get buns for everybody."

Della grinned and patted Cyan on the arm. "Stay here, I'm gonna go find Mom and the others." They turned their keen jade green gaze on the andyne man. "The diner behind the game stalls has open bathrooms this year."

The man's whole face turned red and he mumbled "thanks" under his breath. Della rolled their eyes and strode away.

Cyan took the bun from one of the paper bags and bit into it, wondering if Azri would approve. It was weirdly exhilarating to think she wouldn't. Cyan wolfed it down just in case, enjoying the bean paste and custard filling.

"So," said Cyan to the andyne between bites. "What's your name?"

The andyne gulped. "It's Yarrow." He shyly watched Cyan eating and took a bite of his bun.

"Are you doing okay, Yarrow?" Cyan asked.

Yarrow's eyes dropped to the bag in front of him. "I will be eventually. I can pay you back for the bun. It was very generous of you to buy it for me."

"Think nothing of it. The waters are only a quarter credit." Cyan finished the bun and took a drink of water. "Besides, I think he'll give Pia a free bun for what he did."

Yarrow blinked at Cyan. "What did he do?"

Cyan took a deep breath. The knowledge, as it always did, flowed seamlessly out of awareness. "He um..." Cyan invented. "He got her fired from her catering job."

Yarrow squinted in the bun stand's direction. "I don't know who this Pia is but I already don't like him for getting her fired." He was shaking. Cyan took a breath to ask about it and Yarrow inadvertently cut that off. "What's your name?"

"I'm Cyan."

Della returned to the table with Azri, who brandished a couple of long strips of...

"What are those?" asked Cyan.

"Tickets," said Yarrow. "They have carnival rides here, and you use tickets to get on them."

Azri looked at Cyan questioningly.

"This is Yarrow," Cyan piped up. "Yarrow, this is Azri, and Azri's wayward teen, Della."

"I'll take that as a compliment," said Della, nodding to Yarrow. "Where'd Saoirse and Pia go?"

"They met some friends over on the pier," said Azri. "Wanna go on the haunted house?"

Since Pia and Saoirse had each gotten a bun when they met their Aquatic friends, the four of them each had another half a bun on the way to the row of carnival rides. Azri lamented the lack of variety in carnival rides that year, but still happily got into line for the haunted house. The ride had quick turns and had to be boarded in pairs of two, so Yarrow went with Cyan. Azri stopped Yarrow as they neared the front, but Cyan couldn't hear what she said to him in the chattering crowd of early ride-goers. Yarrow shook his head and said something like, "I'm okay" to Azri, and they both returned to their spots in line, waiting to step onto the conveyor belt with the spooky black box seat cars.

Azri and Della boarded first, Azri giggling madly while Della radiated a distinctly teenage aura of embarrassment. Yarrow and Cyan squeezed into the next car.

"Tuck those wings, sonny," said the ride operator as the car entered the ride through creepy double doors. Yarrow wedged his wings at his sides in the dusty gloom.

"Are you alright, Yarrow?" Cyan asked when it was quiet.

"I'm...um...do you know what an unresolved landing reflex is?" said Yarrow. A ghost bounced up and down ahead of them on a hissing hydraulic rig. It didn't make them jump, but a sudden, forceful turn did.

Again, the sense of knowledge slipping away pulled at Cyan's mind. Yarrow shivered and seemed to brace himself in the seat as the car ascended the first slope-

Yarrow explained, "Sometimes when you land with your bladder only half full, the landing reflex doesn't stop when you empty it, and it kicks in over and over-"

The ride ground to a stop.

"Attention riders," said a bored singsong voice on a brassy intercom. "Hold onto your butts. We'll be right back-" the speakers shrieked and cut off. The lights stayed off, but the voices of the riders around them picked up to a low hum. Cyan could hear Azri and Della ahead of them.

Yarrow folded over in his seat, clutching his crotch.

"Do you have to hold it every time you need to pee?" asked Cyan quietly. "It's dark enough here."

"Dark enough for what?" Yarrow grunted.

Cyan heard the pair of riders behind them stand up and exit through the double doors around the corner, and waited until their voices faded completely to whisper, "You know, to pee."

Yarrow groaned, "I appreciate the thought, but I have to wait until I really have to go, or it won't work."

"You don't have to now? You just drank all your water and finished my ice," Cyan reminded him.

"It's just a matter of time," said Yarrow. "We'll be out of here by then and I can find a bathroom." About a minute later, the ride lurched back to life and they started moving again.

___________________________________________

Chapter 50! The pic is my 5th or 6th try at a background for an airship advertisement. I did it in black and white so I could change up the colors. This one is my tacky 80s version.

&&

*076*2023-12-06 09:40

Part 51

May checked the last sum on the column and closed the book. She wanted to rest her brain a little after two hours of work, and saw the perfect opportunity in Nucifera: her wings were smeared with dirt from the dusty ground she'd fainted on. She nudged Nucifera awake.

"Hey, mind if I preen your feathers?" May asked.

"Sure," Nucifera yawned and twisted on her bed for May to be able to reach all her feathers. The reddish dirt was easy to see on her tan and brown wings, and May spent the next twenty minutes removing it with a cloth before trying to find Nucifera's preen gland. On most Andynes, this sat at the base of the spine under the downy back feathers. May searched there and found only a circle of smooth, bare skin under the feathers. She stared at it until Nucifera pulled away, squirming like she was in pain and rolling onto her stomach. May jumped to her feet, unsure of what to do.

Under the blankets, Nucifera gave a distressed sort of moan, spread her legs, and unleashed a loud hissing spray straight down through the mesh of her cot. May felt the warm droplets splashing her ankles and backed away, pushing down the urge to panic.

"Nucifera?" May said weakly. The pressure slowed to a trickle on the tile and Nucifera sighed contentedly. May looked under the bed. Nucifera had positioned the cot over a drain, and the drips under the shadowed mesh hit the drain almost squarely.

"Is that why you sleep in here?" said May, mostly to herself.

"Yeah," breathed Nucifera, the brilliant pink of her face clashing spectacularly with her hair when she turned her head on the pillow. She fell back asleep.

May sat back down at the table, confused and slightly aroused, and noted the incident on a piece of scratch paper for Azri. Nucifera seemed relaxed and comfortable again, so May decided not to call. She opened her book of crossword puzzles to an unfinished page and set her mechanical pencil to the empty squares with unnecessary enthusiasm.

Pia sat at one of the hybrid tables with Tabbitha, Naleini, Naleini's adopted brother Myron, and Myron's ten-year-old daughter Apphia. Tabbitha bought them all festival buns, and when she found out they were celebrating Saoirse's birthday, bought dinner for everyone. Afterward, they went on an air raft ride around the lake. The ride itself was simple: the air rafts were just two-meter squares of hover platform with railings, benches, and wind-resistant covers, programmed on a slow set route around the lake. Naleini, Myron, and Apphia took the first raft, and Pia, Saoirse, and Tabbitha rode the next. Below them, the first pre-dusk glimmers of foxfire glowed eerily in the deeps of Lake Segoe.

"Thank you for meeting us here," said Tabbitha, sitting on the bench across from Pia. "If you will not mind answering my question, why do you dislike the man who sells the buns?"

"Was it the guy from the farmer's market?" asked Saoirse. "I didn't see."

Tabbitha grinned, "Yes, him. The one with the nice buns." Pia didn't know which one of them Tabbitha had gotten that from. "You have both said this in your other voices," she said.

"Well, Bun can't help it. He has a nice butt," said Pia. "I just...don't want to face him."

"Oh, you are embarrassed," said Tabbitha. "I see. If you like I can ask him not to speak to you?"

Pia exchanged a glance with Saoirse. Tabbitha was a giant, wild-looking, spear-wielding fish woman. She was small for her species, but Mellens weren't often seen inland, so her size alone could be intimidating. A request from Tabbitha would more than likely be taken as a threat.

"I would not wish to threaten," said Tabbitha, as though she'd heard every word of that last paragraph.

The spooky little boxcar climbed another slope into a foggy graveyard scene. Yarrow explained to Cyan what a fog machine was, pressing his legs together while the car whipped around another corner and stopped abruptly, jostling Cyan into Yarrow's lap. Cyan scrambled back to their side, pushing against Yarrow's abdomen in their haste. Yarrow gave a pained grunt.

"Sorry, sorry," Cyan gasped.

"It's fine," whispered Yarrow. They were alone in a boxed-in part of the graveyard, surrounded by cardboard cutouts of trees and styrofoam gravestones. The fog machine was in that room and the fog sat thicker on the ground. Above, green arrows flickered to life in the ceiling, pointing behind them.

"Hold tight, riders. Or don't." said the same flat singsong voice from the lower level. "Arrows point to the emergency egress, which is a legal word for exit and not a wading bird."

Yarrow scooted to the edge of the seat, opening his legs. "I'm so sorry, Cyan. I didn't have as much time as I thought." In the dark, Cyan could just see the wet spot spreading in Yarrow's pants. He unbuttoned his fly and fumbled with his underwear, spraying the floor at their feet with the first burst. It stopped for a few seconds while he aimed oddly upward and let the stream arc onto the nearest styrofoam headstone, marked with the words "Sandra Chri-" over the waves of fog. The clear piss rinsed the dust off part of the marker. Yarrow had a short, circumcised dick with his urethral opening on the underside of the head. The way he held it to aim it reminded Cyan of a sprinkler.

"Please don't stare," Yarrow sighed. The relief in his voice made him seem more naked than he was with his genitals out. Instead of looking down, Cyan watched Yarrow wash the next headstone, sunken further into the fog.

Yarrow finished with a long, slow stream trickling into the fog around the car. It seemed to go on for a long time, and Cyan was starting to think people might pass them to get to the emergency exit when Yarrow finished with a badly suppressed moan. Cyan didn't look until Yarrow had zipped up his pants.

"Did um...did it work?" Cyan asked, trying to stare through the fog to see the puddles.

Yarrow smiled, let his head loll back over the backrest, and moaned, "Yeah." He sat still for about a minute before Cyan nudged his shoulder, and heard a snore.

"Yarrow?" Cyan said quietly. Yarrow didn't respond. "Are you asleep?" Again, Yarrow didn't respond. "But if you're awake enough to say yes...I don't know what I was expecting," Cyan sighed.

"Mom, the stairs are right-" Squeeeeaaakkk

Azri slid down the incline that led up to the third level. She directed a thumbs-up back up the slope and turned to Cyan and Yarrow. "Well, that looks uncomfortable," said Azri, looking at Yarrow. She stepped around the car, squelching in the artificial cemetery turf, and touched his face with her hand.

"Is this pee I'm standing in, or are the fog machines leaking?" asked Azri.

Cyan's stomach fluttered. "It's pee."

Azri removed her hand from Yarrow's face and patted his shoulder. "How are you doing here, Cy? Are you okay with staying on the ride, or would you like to get off now?"

"It's been like two minutes," said Cyan. "I'll wait a little longer; the ending spiral you told me about sounds fun."

Azri seemed pleased with that answer. "Would you mind letting Yarrow lean on you so his neck doesn't whip around when it starts up again?" Cyan nodded and let Azri move Yarrow's head onto their shoulder.

"Just holler up at us if you need anything," said Azri, moving back toward the slope. This time she used the set of stairs next to the track.

____________________________________

Andynes preening other andynes' wings and their preen glands are one of the things Hamans find unhygienic about them. And a little weird. Preening glands are weird and Avaris doesn't have one.

The pic is an advert for the same model of airship that Avaris has, made by Hamans for Andynes.

&&

