Chib: An Omorashi Fiction - Page 3

Author: Astraptera

*069*2023-11-20 20:27

Part 45

Avaris plugged her camera into her laptop. The screen lit up: the background was a photo of her parents from one of their hikes in the Salish coastal forests. She moved some files for the sake of organization, but she had plenty of space for more photos.

"Very nice," Avaris yawned to herself, checking the battery. It was full. "I can't believe I remembered to charge it. Great job, me."

Avaris stretched back in her chair and felt another kind of fullness in her abdomen. She'd watched a horror movie on her laptop after she changed into dry clothes, and the credits were currently scrolling across the screen. Horror movies always made her fidgety, so she'd dealt with it by taking small, continuous nervous sips of her tea. She only narrowly avoided spraying it out of her nose during the jumpscares.

Rechecking all the settings, Avaris stood up. She switched the camera off to save the battery and set it down.

It was almost two-thirty. Avaris was hungry but didn't want to start making lunch until after her "stretching exercise." Azri had said that once she felt the urge to pee, she should try to put it off for five more minutes. Now that the movie was over and the camera was ready for later, Avaris didn't have anything to do to keep her busy for those five minutes. She decided to stretch her legs and go for a walk.

Sunlight greeted her when she opened the front door. The day was cooler than she'd expected, but she still stuck to the shady areas around the yard's perimeter until she came to one of the trails into the trees. There was enough room to stretch out her wings, and though she knew what would happen if she used them, she gave them a perfunctory flex while she walked.

Determined, Avaris hiked out to the lone air dock in the trees, built around a small rocky outcropping. She knew she could just stop and pee whenever she needed it, especially with everyone gone on errands. Thinking about it made her need to go.

"I can't, not now," Avaris said firmly to herself, pausing to press her legs together. "Five more minutes. Less than that." All she had to do was make it to the air dock. She was almost there: she could see the valley in bright slivers between the trees.

Exiting the trees and seeing the valley spread out in front of her, Avaris felt her stomach drop. She hastily gathered up her skirt: she wore a simple pink linen dress with a rounded collar that gave it a semi-formal look. She wasn't planning on wearing it to the festival later, but didn't want to get it wet either. The dock had railings with a built-in gate and attachments for water and power hookups; she'd been trying to work up the nerve to ask Miss Mayra about docking there for the past few days and had lost her nerve each time at Mayra's front door. Avaris approached the gated railing, struggling to stop the dribble already pattering lightly on the ground. A simple latch secured the gate; Avaris flipped it, shuffled into the gap, and relaxed.

Dark shapes in the sky indicated some airship traffic, which Avaris watched idly while she tried to release. She stabilized herself by putting her hand on the gate, absently swinging it back and forth by pulling it in closer with her hand and bumping it away with her wing. She tried to focus.

One of the dark shapes was closer than the others, and to Avaris's growing apprehension, it split off from the designated corridor and circled around, nearing the dockyard. If that was Miss Mayra's runabout, they would pass very close to where Avaris stood. Against Azri's medical advice, Avaris tried to push on her bladder. A lot of effort coaxed out only brief leaks. Avaris's pussy was swollen and throbbing, looking very pink under her green pubic hair. She'd considered masturbating out here, but that was off the table now. Avaris could see the colors of the small vessel: dark gray with black and red trim, and started to panic.

The small airship was quickly coming closer. Avaris took a deep breath to push on her bladder one last time, and a gust of wind caught her wing. She leaned back on the gate and it swung freely under her. She stumbled back, skirt flying, and pushed herself forward. Unluckily, she'd been standing right on the edge. Avaris fell.

Avaris's wings caught her reflexively, beating hard against the air to keep her from gliding off down the sheer side of the plateau. She almost missed the rounded soil of the dropoff and used her hands to claw her way up. Her wings provided a last big push, and she skidded to a stop on the flat ground around the base of the dock supports. She whirled around and not only was the airship closer than ever, but a distinctive winged shape dropped from it in a careful, practiced arc. "No," Avaris whined. Her landing reflex kicked in, and all she could do about it was raise her skirt while Mayra glided toward her. "No no no." An explosion of piss whizzed out onto the dusty ground. Avaris's knees unhinged and she let herself fall. The world dimmed around the edges.

Avaris folded at the waist and intentionally fell forward with her butt in the air to keep her wings off the ground. Conveniently, the way she fell allowed the breezes to catch and flip up her dress in the back, clear of the loud whizzing stream splashing loudly on the ground behind her. She was now being seen like this by at least three people, yet the impulse to care was ebbing away, replaced with blessedly thoughtless fatigue.

The telltale galloping footsteps lighted nearby as Mayra made a heavy handing. "Nucifera?" Avaris felt a nudge against her wing. "Nucifera, what happened?"

"Was a...akksid-int," said Avaris into the dirt against her face. It was wet. Normally Avaris would've been horrified and grossed out to fall in her own wet spot, but the sensation was already drifting away like an unmoored boat on a river. There would be time to be grossed out later. All she could feel was the copious emptying of her bladder. It felt good, even as the flow slowed and ran warmly down her front, soaking into her dress. "I kept m'...m'wings out of the-...out of the-"

"Nucifera? Nucifera?" Miss Mayra's voice faded. Avaris distantly felt the beginnings of a headache when her body slackened. "Avaris?"

___

Posting because going the weekend without this site weirded me out. No art yet: this time I blame holiday things. I'm almost at one of the ones I want to post though. It'll only be like part 53 or 54.

*070*2023-11-25 09:48

Part 46

May raised her long skirt at the railing. There was a spot of moisture in her underwear where she'd leaked, but it wasn't as bad as it had felt in the pilot seat. She pulled down the underwear before checking her butt. It was dry. May gave a sigh of relief that was lost in the wind and settled against the railing. She let her wings droop to keep them from catching any breezes. It was only two in the afternoon and it had already been a long day. That was her fault though, she thought to herself. She was the one who'd wanted to go to Nilbog for the dress.

Her bladder had been full for so long that the muscles around it were sore, and she knew this was going to take a while. May stretched her legs, her free hand holding the railing, and watched her reluctant flow sparkling in the sunlight on the way down.

Below, the outskirts of Cloudwater Cove trailed off into tangled old-growth cedar forests. This area reminded her of where she'd grown up, in a small family compound on the coast. The family's flying course out there was beautiful but dangerous, and she'd practiced hard since before she'd lost the baby fluff from her feathers to be allowed out there among the craggy cliffs and sea stacks, the merciless whipping winds and the sprays of the crashing waves.

May contemplated opening the gate and hopping off for a quick loop around the craft before landing back on deck. The weather was perfect for flying, but she didn't want to do that to Pia without warning. May took a deep breath and looked down. She still felt full but all she could let out was a pathetic trickle, petering to a stop.

May had time to stand there for a few minutes, she thought. When they got back to the yard in about half an hour, she had a lot of organizing and paperwork to do before dressing up and going to the festival.

May had never bought anything from Desiderata's before and was excited to look nice for Azri that evening. She closed her eyes, enjoying the silence.

A latch clicked behind her.

"Mayra?" said Saoirse's voice. May felt the familiar knee-jerk of dislike for Saoirse from their first meeting and turned it over in her mind before brushing it aside. "Is everything okay? You've been out here for a while."

"I'm fine," May sighed, looking back over her wing at Saoirse. "Just taking my time."

May's bladder picked that moment to let go in a full, whizzing jet. "Is everything alright in there?" May couldn't keep the moan of relief out of her voice.

Saoirse's face turned bright red. "Yep. Everything is fine." She shut the door and May let the moan trail off into a laugh.

It felt like a long time for May to finish, and she stood outside for several minutes afterward. Her underwear was almost dry when she replaced them, dropped her shirt, and went back inside.

Saoirse was at the radio when May entered, the headphones sitting haphazardly over her ears and spewing chatter while Saoirse adjusted the dials.

Pia got up and let May take back the pilot's chair. "Everything okay?" she asked quietly, standing at May's side.

"Yeah. I have a lot to do when we get back, so I was having a quick break," said May. "Thanks for taking over for me so long."

May was glad she'd had a break. There was some air traffic going the other way, and that made the next twenty minutes pass quickly until the plateau the dockyard sat on was in sight, the metal hull of her large airship glinting in the sun. May picked out the location of one of the outlying air docks. She moved her ship there occasionally and liked the view, but she liked having her back deck in her normal spot more. May turned to her controls as a stray gust of wind pushed past, and noticed movement when she looked back up: a pair of brown wings fluttered off the side of the plateau in front of the dock. The blood drained from May's face in cold prickles.

"Pia, I'm going to need you to land," said May, standing up. "Just behind the shop, please."

"What are you doing?" asked Pia, sitting in the pilot's seat.

May pulled her hair into a bun before opening the door. "Flying down."

May opened the gate in the railing and dropped off the back deck. The wind caught her wings and she arched around in time to see Nucifera collapse up on the trail that ran beneath the dock. Having just emptied her bladder, May made a heavy landing next to the Nucifera girl.

"Nucifera?" panted May. Nucifera was face down on the ground with her ass in the air, pissing hugely in a spraying arc behind her. The flyer in May chalked that up to the landing reflex, and she hurried over. "Nucifera, what happened?"

Nucifera was shaking. She mumbled something into the dirt.

"-kept m'...m'wings out of the-...out of the-"

May nudged Nucifera's wing. "Nucifera? Nucifera?" Nucifera's body sagged into a faint. "Avaris?!"

May checked Avaris's wings for broken bones, then turned her onto her side to check her arms and legs. They were all fine, though cut and dirty from clawing her way back up the cliff.

May carried Nucifera to the nearest airship: Nucifera's Limpet. Pia and Saoirse met her on the boardwalk on the way to the door.

"Is she alright?" asked Pia.

"No," May replied. "Pia, could you grab her key and let us in? She might have something for this. Saoirse, do you know how to call Azri?"

Pia opened the door and stood aside for May to sidle in with Nucifera. A mesh camping cot stood along one wall and May set her down on it. In the bedroom, the airship's radio crackled.

May rolled Avaris onto her side in the rescue position. "Pia, could you look in the medicine cabinet?"

Pia nodded and hurried over to the end of the room containing the sink and toilet. The medicine cabinet was next to it. "What am I looking for?"

"Look for the words 'explosive' in all caps and try not to shake it," said May. "If she doesn't have it here, I might ask you to get it from my shop."

Saoirse emerged from the bedroom. "Azri's on her way."

___

Art is my first pic of Yarrow from August, all not looking burnt out from work and stuff. A bit ahead but not really spoilery. I'm thinking of drawing more of Tabbitha soon since she's in the next few chapters.

&&

*072*2023-11-25 20:25

{{4 hours ago, Stanley79 said:

Do characters in this world use different earphone models to match their ears?

}}

Renoige can use regular human headphones, they just get uncomfortable after extended periods. May probably has some Renoige/cat ear headphones in her shop because she collects that stuff, but didn't think to bring them. Headphones/headsets for cat ears would be standard on airships from the Renoige homeworld, but the runabout is a Haman-made vessel.

Hamans aren't really accommodating to Renoige either - I was starting to explore that with my short stories with Dmeytri and Nihrae, but then I switched to writing this and 2020 happened.

*073*2023-11-29 03:38

Part 47

Avaris sat up at the undersized school desk, moving delicately to keep from worsening her pounding headache. The classroom was empty this time, but the projector was on. The whiteboard was full of algebraic equations, with what she knew to be a schedule grid across the top. "GIVE ME YOUR WINGS" blazed in bright red letters projected on top of them.

"A summary of..." Avaris read aloud, squinting. If this was real life the light would be stinging her eyes, but here she didn't have that problem. "Andyne-Haman relations in the context of-..." At this point, both the text from the projector and the scribbles on the whiteboard devolved into gibberish.

"Ugh. Sugar," scoffed Avaris. A shushing came from the direction of the teacher's desk and Avaris stood up. She wore a crisp pink button-up shirt and knee-length black skirt, the uniform of her former catering job.

"Wait, what catering job?" Avaris said aloud. "I've never..." She looked down. She looked good, she thought approvingly. It triggered a memory of looking down at that skirt. An intricate tile pattern of either flowers or stylized fish surrounded her feet on the floor. The flash of memory ended as abruptly as it started, leaving her standing in the classroom.

The invisible teacher gave her a reproachful, unintelligible mumble.

"You can shove that up your jumper, Mx Rapbern," recited Avaris, feeling a small surge of adrenaline that she knew didn't belong to her. She'd done this a few times, acting out someone else's memory. She could fight it, but it was more interesting to let them play out because she learned things; most recently she'd found out that the owner of this classroom's initials were A.T. It was interesting that Cyan had so much trouble with it, she thought, willing herself back to the cave with the path. This time she emerged directly onto the stone jetty on the lake. Avaris didn't think Cyan would be there at that time of day, but the little sitting area in the house was peaceful.

The path up to the house passed with a predictable rapidity, and when she reached the top she saw that Cyan was there, curled up on the stone chair and snoring softly. He wore a pair of pajama pants patterned with pink lotuses and a black Andyne shirt, exposing the blue skin of his back. Cyan sat up when Avaris took the opposite seat.

"Avi? Hi!" Cyan said muzzily.

"Hi," Avaris yawned. Somewhere far off, she could feel herself being carried. "I think I need to wake up."

"Where are you?" yawned Cyan. "Do you need to pee? That always makes me go back."

"I think I just did," said Avaris slowly. The waking world was like a half-remembered dream. "I don't need to go."

"I just had a lot of water," said Cyan. "When I wake up I could find you and wake you."

Avaris shook her head. "It's nice of you, but I don't know if I can." Something else occurred to her: "I won't be able to attend the festival tonight. I'm sorry, Cy."

Cyan gave her a long, calculating look. Blackness bled into the whites of his eyes, and the irises took on a glowing violet hue. "You...fell?" he asked at last.

"It's not so much that," Avaris said. "I overused my wings. I'm going to be out for a few days. I'm so sorry."

"But are you okay?" Cyan blinked and the black and violet cleared from his eyes.

Avaris took a deep, steadying breath. "Not really. I don't want to think about it. Where did you get those pants?"

Cyan glanced down. "I think I gave these to Del. Want to switch? I think they'd look cute on you with the pink shirt."

"You mean like..." Avaris's head hurt. "Won't they care if I show up in pink pants?"

"This is a dream, Avi," said Cyan. "You're not Pia, and she doesn't work there anymore." The embroidered label on the breast read, "FoxFire Catering."

Avaris ran her fingers over the raised letters. "Oh yeah. You know, when I was looking for Pia, this stupid catering company never answered my letters."

"You were looking for her?" Cyan asked. "Why?"

A nasty throb banged through Avaris's head. "I...we were in the same..." Avaris heard voices and tasted something sweet. "They were going to take my w-"

Familiar dark blue tiles swam into focus. Avaris was in her airship, lying on her bed, staring at the ceiling. Her entire body ached, her head was pounding, and she felt weak and heavy.

"The concentrate is only explosive in large volumes," said Miss Mayra's voice. "And the crush capsules and mouth syringe are light enough to go in an in-flight first aid kit. I just don't see why you brought it here in the dress bag."

"-nnngs-" Avaris groaned and turned her head. Mayra sat by her bed on a kitchen chair, uncapping a bottle of sugary soda while Pia and Saoirse stood behind her.

"Miss Nucifera," said Mayra. "Can you sit up?"

Avaris was surprised to find that she could, and Mayra handed her the sugary soda. Avaris took a long drink.

"How's your head?" Mayra asked. To Avaris's surprise, she found her headache rapidly draining away.

"Better," said Avaris.

Avaris's front door opened, and Azri and Della entered, carrying two different medical kits.

Avaris wasn't surprised that Miss Mayra knew what she was doing or that she had the sugar concentrate capsules, considering who she was. Pia and Saoirse had left to prepare for the festival, which still left the little airship feeling crowded.

"It looks like you're doing everything right," said Azri, kissing Mayra on the cheek. "Avaris, you'll be needing fluids, sugars, and lots of rest for the next two days at least. Unfortunately, that means no festival tonight."

"I know," Avaris sighed. "Were you planning on taking any photos while you're there tonight?"

"Oh, I'm not going," said Azri. "I'm staying here to monitor you until our usual evening checkup at nine." Behind her, Della nodded in agreement.

"I can stay," Mayra volunteered. " Go have fun with your kids. I can contact you on my phone or the radio here if there's an emergency."

Avaris thought of something and interjected feebly, "Azri, could you and Della take some pictures of the foxfire on my camera?"

"Della's pretty good at taking photos," said Azri proudly. "What do you think, Del?"

"I can stay here though," Della insisted.

"Della, no," said Mayra, putting a hand on Della's shoulder. "I appreciate the thought, but you're still a kid. You shouldn't have to worry about being on call just yet. Go enjoy your evening. Avaris will probably be asleep most of the time anyway." Della blushed, and Mayra added, "I saw your photos at the school art show last year. They were wonderful."

"Please take a few pictures for me?" yawned Avaris. "I promised my dad some photos of the festival."

Azri and Della left around three-thirty in the afternoon. Avaris was beginning to doze off, and Mayra sat at the kitchen table facing her, reading the book that Pia had brought her in the bag from-

"Desiderata's? Did I leave that out?" Avaris asked, sitting up groggily. The bag was next to May's feet on the tile floor.

"No, this is mine," said Mayra. "Yours is in the bedroom. I saw it when I checked your radio."

"Oh," Avaris yawned. She wanted to lie down, but she needed to pee first. It wasn't urgent, but if she didn't, she knew she would wet the bed.

"Why do you sleep in here, if you don't mind my asking?" asked Mayra. Part of Avaris wanted to just let go right there on her bed to show her, but this was already embarrassing enough without that.

"I have a uh...condition," Avaris said evasively, swinging her feet down. Mayra got up to help her. "I can do this-" Avaris's balance was shaky and Mayra caught her.

"Does this happen often?" Mayra asked, guiding her to the toilet and helping with the frilly skirt on her clean nightdress.

"It usually isn't this bad." Avaris sat on the toilet and immediately released her usual pressurized spray into the bowl while May stood at the sink, respectfully looking away. This was far too casual, Avaris thought, but couldn't stop. "I haven't used my wings that much in years."

"You don't fly anymore?" May helped Avaris to her feet so she could wash her hands.

Avaris gave a single hollow laugh. "No. Not since I was fifteen." Mayra helped her wobble back to the bed. Avaris sat down heavily, took a long drink of soda, and fell asleep before her head hit the pillow.

___

Did a really quick sketch of Avaris and forgot her wings. Whoops.

&&

*074*2023-12-01 09:26

Part 48

Cyan gazed out at the water, concentrating on trying to wake up instead of wetting the couch. An odd, momentary pressure disturbed the air.

"What a relaxing setting," said Azri, popping casually into existence on the stone pier and strolling up the ramp toward Cyan. "There you are! That outfit looks nice on you."

Cyan turned slightly to try and hide the bulge in the pink lotus pants. In the body's attempt to hold it, Cyan had gone stiff. It wasn't personal or even related to Azri, but that didn't make it any less embarrassing.

"Don't bother, I don't mind," said Azri, crossing the threshold and sitting down in the opposite spot. "I'm just here to tell you that Avaris can't come to the festival tonight. Three of my kids will be there with school groups, so if you still want to go you can accompany Della and I."

"Avi told me earlier," Cyan said, squirming. "Why are you staring at my pants?"

Azri had been openly, unabashedly staring. Cyan thought she was staring at their crotch, and was slightly disappointed to realize that she wasn't. "I've seen them before. Have you?"

In an attempt to make things less awkward, Cyan deliberately let go of his bladder. The world rippled, and Cyan sat up on the couch. Azri stood next to him, pressing her legs together.

"Mom? Cyan?" Della said, standing in the kitchen with an uncomfortable expression on their face. "Are you okay?"

Cyan clenched up and staggered to his feet. His actual clothes were mercifully baggy.

"We're fine, he just peed - Cy, the bathroom is locked," Azri grunted. Cyan took another step toward the bathroom to knock and heard a low, repetitive moan within. Della's fluffy ringed tail flicked behind them in irritation and they inched toward the front door.

"I'll use the sink," Cyan gulped.

"I told you to wait outside, bubble," Azri told Della mildly, opening the front door for them. Once Della was out, Azri asked Cyan, "We're using the runabout tonight. Pia and Saoirse are picking us up from the school at about six. Do you need anything before then?"

"I'm okay for now," Cyan made it to the sink, pulled down the waistband, and burst into the basin, all over the mugs there. The other side of the sink was empty, but one of the mugs was already half full of blue piss. They would need to be washed anyway, Cyan thought glumly.

"Alright. See you then! Remember to double void," Azri called, skittering away. Cyan could see the leaves of the stray tomato plant through the window over the sink. A few seconds later, the top of Azri's head, curly and darker green than the tomato leaves, bobbed past, just barely visible in the bottom of the window. She stopped next to the base of the tomato plant and the top of her head bobbed out of sight as a quiet splashing sound drifted up through the open window. Cyan tried not to listen and instead looked for the dish soap. A loud moan, distinctly Pia's voice, echoed in the bathroom, and it didn't help.

Cyan had only let out enough to relieve the pressure, but it was enough. The normal time for Avi's "treatments" was about four, and going to her airship would get Cyan away from-

"S-Saoirse! I'm gonna-"

Cyan hastily rinsed out the mugs, pulled the shorts back into place, and made for the front door.

The sun felt nice outside, and Cyan walked along at a leisurely pace. The physical activity helped direct blood flow away from the more problematic regions, and a cool breeze ruffled Cyan's hair, grown out to a coarse fuzz that had just started to become softer than it was prickly.

Cyan knocked on the door and was surprised when Mayra answered. "Cyan? What are you doing here?" she asked in a quiet voice.

"Is um...Avi in?" Cyan asked.

Mayra came out and shut the door behind her. "She's asleep right now," Mayra said at her normal volume.

"How is she?" asked Cyan.

"Did Azri tell you she won't be able to attend the festival?" said Mayra.

"Yeah," Cyan replied. "Did she get Azri or Della to take her camera? She promised her dad pictures of the festival."

"They did."

"Should we bring back some food for you and Avi?" asked Cyan. The need to pee was starting to assert itself again, and Cyan looked around for some stairs to the ground.

"That would be great," said Mayra.

Not knowing what else to do, Cyan said, "When she wakes up, tell her I'll be back around nine with Azri." Cyan turned and headed for the nearest set of stairs to the ground. "For the nighttime treatment."

"Will do...why are you going that way?" Mayra asked, somewhat suspiciously.

Cyan froze. "I um..." No lie or excuse sprang to mind. "Pee break?"

"If you pass the dock out there, could you close the gate on it?" Mayra asked, going back inside.

Cyan took the familiar nearby trail and found the dock. The gate in the railing was still swinging open, and Cyan walked up and closed it. The wind whipped about in the open space, so Cyan took the little trail to the area below.

The wet spots Avaris had left were long dry, but marks in the slope from her frantic climb were still there, scratched into the dirt. Cyan stopped in the cool sheltered hollow under the dock, noting one of Avaris's tan feathers lying on the ground when he pulled down the waistband.

It wasn't hard to see why Avaris had wanted to pee there: the landscape stretched out around the lookout point: to the west, the eastern half of Segoe already looked festive at that distance around the shimmering lake. To the east, the forested hills of the region rolled out to a mountain range on the horizon.

It occurred to Cyan that if someone in Segoe had a telescope, they could probably see it when people peed up here.

"What a weird thought," Cyan yawned aloud. The image of Avi rubbing the embroidered letters on her shirt popped to the top of Cyan's mind, and some of that inconvenient swelling came back. It didn't slow the flow but made it so that Cyan didn't have to aim. Cyan maintained a brittle sort of control, pushing down the image of Avi in his mind. It wasn't even erotic, Cyan thought, but couldn't help stubbornly reacting to it.

When Cyan was all done, he stood dripping for a few minutes, enjoying the warm breeze. In Cyan's hand, the swelling took on more of a hardness. There wouldn't be much to do back at Pia's, and Cyan didn't want to hide an erection all evening at the festival; there was no reason not to take care of it here.

Cyan sat down on the dry ground at the base of one of the dock supports. The image of Avi rose back up to the front of his mind as he stopped fighting it and got to work. The orgasm built up quickly, assisted by the memory of Pia crying out Saoirse's name.

Cyan came hard and let out an embarrassing amount of spatter on the damp dirt. It didn't really matter, Cyan knew, sitting back. They drifted off in the breezy afternoon, vaguely hoping that this would be a short nap.

Part 49

"Found you," Saoirse sang.

Saoirse and Pia cleaned up in the shower and retreated upstairs to nap for about an hour. Cyan was absent. When they got up at about five, Cyan was still gone. Saoirse and Pia weren't worried until about five-thirty.

Pia wanted to check on Mayra and Avaris, so while she did that, Saoirse looked for Cyan. Saoirse watched Pia making her way across to Mayra's shop for some requested items and wasn't surprised that Cyan wasn't out on the walkways. Saoirse sniffed the air and found that Cyan had gone toward the back of the yard. The trail stretched away in the direction of Avi's weird Limpet airship. Not a bad weird, just...weird, Saoirse mused, following the scent. As she'd expected, the trail did extend to Avi's door, but a slightly newer trail veered off down the nearest stairs and into the trees. Saoirse left the doorway to hopped down to the ground.

Saoirse caught the scent of urine before the dock came into view. Cyan wasn't on the dock, but she knew exactly where he was.

Cyan was asleep at the base of the dock, legs splayed with a slowly drying damp spot between them, and his dick out. Saoirse could smell what he'd been doing. He jumped when Saoirse announced that she'd found him, sliding down the sloping dirt trail toward him.

"Aww, you look so sweet when you're asleep," said Saoirse, holding a hand out. "Need help up?"

"I need to pee first," Cyan yawned, sitting up shakily. His face was flushed blue-violet from sleep.

"Would you like me to turn around?" asked Saoirse. Cyan aimed and unabashedly pissed on the ground between his legs.

"Wh-" Cyan suppressed another yawn and failed. "Why?"

Saoirse shrugged. "Because I don't need to go. It feels weird just watching."

"You've seen it before. I don't mind," said Cyan. He finished and hastily shook off, and Saoirse held a hand out to help him up.

"I got pee on my hands," Cyan yawned again.

"What's it gonna do, turn me into a were-Cyan on full moons?" Saoirse snorted. "I wouldn't mind being tall and blue." Cyan fixed his shorts and let Saoirse pull him to his feet.

Cyan brushed the dirt off his butt and went back to Pia's airship with Saoirse. They passed Pia on the way.

"Where were you?" Pia asked Cyan.

"I um...I fell asleep," said Cyan, blushing. Pia looked him up and down, her eyes lingering on the smudges of dirt on his legs and shorts.

"In the shade, to his credit," Saoirse added. She responded to the knowing glance Pia gave her with: "He's okay, and we're meeting Azri in twenty minutes if he's not."

"Alright," said Pia, kissing Saoirse on the cheek.

Pia continued on her way and Saoirse took Cyan back to Pia's home, where she washed her hands while Cyan changed his clothes in the bathroom.

Pia looked up at the Limpet as she strode up to the door. It was unlocked, and she opened it as quietly as she could. She stuck her head through to see May at the table next to the door. Pia padded in and gave May the requested items: a book of crossword puzzles, her favorite mechanical pencil, the dockyard accounts book, and a calculator, collected in one of the spare cloth shopping bags.

Avaris snored softly on her cot. May mouthed "thank you" to Pia and motioned toward the door.

"What is it?" Pia asked when May shut the door.

"Cyan wants to bring some food back from the festival for us," said May. "From what Azri has told me I'm not sure he knows what money is, so if you or Azri buy for him I'll pay you back."

"That's generous of you. I think him and Avaris were going to buy something there."

"Just nothing really expensive, and I'll also pay you back for as many of those fried buns as you'll get me," said May. "Azri's bringing some back for me too."

Pia met Saoirse and Cyan at the shop, and let them all into the runabout. She had to tell Cyan to sit down while she piloted the airship down the side of the plateau. From the passenger seat, he watched the scenery, and Pia noted that his eyes had changed color to a pale pre-dawn violet, glinting like metal while he craned his neck to stare at the buildings.

Azri and Della were at the regional school facility, about ten minutes north of Segoe. Pia found them easily in the sports fields and set down just long enough for them to board. The two of them wore matching knitted jumpers with green stylized flames.

"Did you and Avaris do her afternoon treatment today?" Azri asked Cyan quietly. Pia couldn't help listening. In the reflection of the topographical display, she could see Della going through their backpack and Saoirse holding the radio headphones against one ear.

"No. I went over to her ship and she was asleep," Cyan whispered, blushing. Azri seemed to mull that over for a few seconds.

"Festival parking says we're supposed to set down on the water," said Saoirse. "They say look for floating docks with orange stripes."

"Right," said Pia. She spotted the plastic docks on the water and took up a place behind another airship, directed by someone on the ground with orange-painted pointing sticks.

___

The image is still like three chapters ahead. I didn't forget his wings but I did blob wings, which is almost worse.

&&

*075*2023-12-04 22:10

Part 50

"Yeah," said Pia. "I want to get them just before we leave, though. When are you two meeting your other kids' groups?" she asked Azri. The temporary floating docks bobbed under their feet in a way Cyan didn't like, and they were anxious to get to the paved pier.

"I'm meeting up with Zinda and Yara later, and we'll see Jasper if we see him," said Azri. "We need to be back by nine, so let's start heading back here at eight-thirty."

Pia, Saoirse, and Della all nodded in agreement, and they stepped off the dock.

"Let's go get something to eat first. I'm starving," said Della.

Cyan drank in the scenery. It was still early and most of the festival stalls were just finishing their setup. Something pressed into Cyan's palm and he looked down. Pia had given him her money pouch.

"Could you and Della get everyone some buns?" Pia asked quietly, seeming to hide behind Cyan. "And Azri says get yourself an ice water."

Cyan stopped to ask Pia what was going on when she disappeared around the corner with Azri. Saoirse followed her, looking concerned.

"If you need help, come get one of us," said Saoirse, rounding the corner.

The line at the bun stand was short, and Cyan stepped up behind a nervous young andyne man with black-lined gull wings. Cyan was content to examine the feathers, which were healthy except for some bare patches. Beneath the wings was a pair of rumpled slacks, rolled up to the knees over a pair of scuffed black shoes.

Della sniffed, "I wonder what she was so worked up about."

"It's..." Cyan paused. "I feel like I should know this." The line moved up. It was the andyne man's turn.

"I um...I..." the Andyne man was practically vibrating with nerves. He froze up. Cyan's stomach growled, and the iced drinking water in the tank next to the portable deep fryers looked good.

Cyan looked past the andyne to the dark-green-skinned amphibious man at the counter, his hair covered by a close-fitting cap and protected from his chest to his knees by a heavy apron, emblazoned simply with the word "Bun" on the right breast. Under that, Cyan could tell he was naked. What really struck Cyan was how familiar the man's face was.

"Hi, Bun," Cyan interjected while the andyne man floundered. "Can we get one bun for him and five more, and three waters please?" Della gave Cyan a sly look while they helped Cyan count out the money.

"How do you-..." Bun seemed taken aback for a long moment. "Oh yeah, it's on my apron," he laughed, seeming to relax, and handed Cyan the change. Bun gave them their food and drinks but stopped Cyan before they could leave.

"Do you know Cassiopeia Williams?" he asked. Cyan wasn't sure how to respond and took a prolonged drink of water. It had a nice hint of lemon.

"We might. Why?" asked Della.

Bun checked behind them. There wasn't a line. "I used to work with her. I just want to know how she is."

Della narrowed their eyes.

"Just...if you see her, tell her Bun says hi, and hopes she's doing well." Another person walked up behind them, and Della ushered both Cyan and the andyne man over to a nearby dining area. The andyne sat down and Cyan sat across from him. Della set the bags of buns on the table.

"Is that last water for anyone?" Della asked Cyan, taking their own water.

"It's for him," said Cyan, gesturing to the andyne man. The man looked barely out of his teens, with a shaggy silvery blue pageboy haircut. Over the slacks, he wore a simple black tank top. "Pia told me I could get a couple of things for myself, and she did say to get buns for everybody."

Della grinned and patted Cyan on the arm. "Stay here, I'm gonna go find Mom and the others." They turned their keen jade green gaze on the andyne man. "The diner behind the game stalls has open bathrooms this year."

The man's whole face turned red and he mumbled "thanks" under his breath. Della rolled their eyes and strode away.

Cyan took the bun from one of the paper bags and bit into it, wondering if Azri would approve. It was weirdly exhilarating to think she wouldn't. Cyan wolfed it down just in case, enjoying the bean paste and custard filling.

"So," said Cyan to the andyne between bites. "What's your name?"

The andyne gulped. "It's Yarrow." He shyly watched Cyan eating and took a bite of his bun.

"Are you doing okay, Yarrow?" Cyan asked.

Yarrow's eyes dropped to the bag in front of him. "I will be eventually. I can pay you back for the bun. It was very generous of you to buy it for me."

"Think nothing of it. The waters are only a quarter credit." Cyan finished the bun and took a drink of water. "Besides, I think he'll give Pia a free bun for what he did."

Yarrow blinked at Cyan. "What did he do?"

Cyan took a deep breath. The knowledge, as it always did, flowed seamlessly out of awareness. "He um..." Cyan invented. "He got her fired from her catering job."

Yarrow squinted in the bun stand's direction. "I don't know who this Pia is but I already don't like him for getting her fired." He was shaking. Cyan took a breath to ask about it and Yarrow inadvertently cut that off. "What's your name?"

"I'm Cyan."

Della returned to the table with Azri, who brandished a couple of long strips of...

"What are those?" asked Cyan.

"Tickets," said Yarrow. "They have carnival rides here, and you use tickets to get on them."

Azri looked at Cyan questioningly.

"This is Yarrow," Cyan piped up. "Yarrow, this is Azri, and Azri's wayward teen, Della."

"I'll take that as a compliment," said Della, nodding to Yarrow. "Where'd Saoirse and Pia go?"

"They met some friends over on the pier," said Azri. "Wanna go on the haunted house?"

Since Pia and Saoirse had each gotten a bun when they met their Aquatic friends, the four of them each had another half a bun on the way to the row of carnival rides. Azri lamented the lack of variety in carnival rides that year, but still happily got into line for the haunted house. The ride had quick turns and had to be boarded in pairs of two, so Yarrow went with Cyan. Azri stopped Yarrow as they neared the front, but Cyan couldn't hear what she said to him in the chattering crowd of early ride-goers. Yarrow shook his head and said something like, "I'm okay" to Azri, and they both returned to their spots in line, waiting to step onto the conveyor belt with the spooky black box seat cars.

Azri and Della boarded first, Azri giggling madly while Della radiated a distinctly teenage aura of embarrassment. Yarrow and Cyan squeezed into the next car.

"Tuck those wings, sonny," said the ride operator as the car entered the ride through creepy double doors. Yarrow wedged his wings at his sides in the dusty gloom.

"Are you alright, Yarrow?" Cyan asked when it was quiet.

"I'm...um...do you know what an unresolved landing reflex is?" said Yarrow. A ghost bounced up and down ahead of them on a hissing hydraulic rig. It didn't make them jump, but a sudden, forceful turn did.

Again, the sense of knowledge slipping away pulled at Cyan's mind. Yarrow shivered and seemed to brace himself in the seat as the car ascended the first slope-

Yarrow explained, "Sometimes when you land with your bladder only half full, the landing reflex doesn't stop when you empty it, and it kicks in over and over-"

The ride ground to a stop.

"Attention riders," said a bored singsong voice on a brassy intercom. "Hold onto your butts. We'll be right back-" the speakers shrieked and cut off. The lights stayed off, but the voices of the riders around them picked up to a low hum. Cyan could hear Azri and Della ahead of them.

Yarrow folded over in his seat, clutching his crotch.

"Do you have to hold it every time you need to pee?" asked Cyan quietly. "It's dark enough here."

"Dark enough for what?" Yarrow grunted.

Cyan heard the pair of riders behind them stand up and exit through the double doors around the corner, and waited until their voices faded completely to whisper, "You know, to pee."

Yarrow groaned, "I appreciate the thought, but I have to wait until I really have to go, or it won't work."

"You don't have to now? You just drank all your water and finished my ice," Cyan reminded him.

"It's just a matter of time," said Yarrow. "We'll be out of here by then and I can find a bathroom." About a minute later, the ride lurched back to life and they started moving again.

___

Chapter 50! The pic is my 5th or 6th try at a background for an airship advertisement. I did it in black and white so I could change up the colors. This one is my tacky 80s version.

&&

*076*2023-12-06 09:40

Part 51

May checked the last sum on the column and closed the book. She wanted to rest her brain a little after two hours of work, and saw the perfect opportunity in Nucifera: her wings were smeared with dirt from the dusty ground she'd fainted on. She nudged Nucifera awake.

"Hey, mind if I preen your feathers?" May asked.

"Sure," Nucifera yawned and twisted on her bed for May to be able to reach all her feathers. The reddish dirt was easy to see on her tan and brown wings, and May spent the next twenty minutes removing it with a cloth before trying to find Nucifera's preen gland. On most Andynes, this sat at the base of the spine under the downy back feathers. May searched there and found only a circle of smooth, bare skin under the feathers. She stared at it until Nucifera pulled away, squirming like she was in pain and rolling onto her stomach. May jumped to her feet, unsure of what to do.

Under the blankets, Nucifera gave a distressed sort of moan, spread her legs, and unleashed a loud hissing spray straight down through the mesh of her cot. May felt the warm droplets splashing her ankles and backed away, pushing down the urge to panic.

"Nucifera?" May said weakly. The pressure slowed to a trickle on the tile and Nucifera sighed contentedly. May looked under the bed. Nucifera had positioned the cot over a drain, and the drips under the shadowed mesh hit the drain almost squarely.

"Is that why you sleep in here?" said May, mostly to herself.

"Yeah," breathed Nucifera, the brilliant pink of her face clashing spectacularly with her hair when she turned her head on the pillow. She fell back asleep.

May sat back down at the table, confused and slightly aroused, and noted the incident on a piece of scratch paper for Azri. Nucifera seemed relaxed and comfortable again, so May decided not to call. She opened her book of crossword puzzles to an unfinished page and set her mechanical pencil to the empty squares with unnecessary enthusiasm.

Pia sat at one of the hybrid tables with Tabbitha, Naleini, Naleini's adopted brother Myron, and Myron's ten-year-old daughter Apphia. Tabbitha bought them all festival buns, and when she found out they were celebrating Saoirse's birthday, bought dinner for everyone. Afterward, they went on an air raft ride around the lake. The ride itself was simple: the air rafts were just two-meter squares of hover platform with railings, benches, and wind-resistant covers, programmed on a slow set route around the lake. Naleini, Myron, and Apphia took the first raft, and Pia, Saoirse, and Tabbitha rode the next. Below them, the first pre-dusk glimmers of foxfire glowed eerily in the deeps of Lake Segoe.

"Thank you for meeting us here," said Tabbitha, sitting on the bench across from Pia. "If you will not mind answering my question, why do you dislike the man who sells the buns?"

"Was it the guy from the farmer's market?" asked Saoirse. "I didn't see."

Tabbitha grinned, "Yes, him. The one with the nice buns." Pia didn't know which one of them Tabbitha had gotten that from. "You have both said this in your other voices," she said.

"Well, Bun can't help it. He has a nice butt," said Pia. "I just...don't want to face him."

"Oh, you are embarrassed," said Tabbitha. "I see. If you like I can ask him not to speak to you?"

Pia exchanged a glance with Saoirse. Tabbitha was a giant, wild-looking, spear-wielding fish woman. She was small for her species, but Mellens weren't often seen inland, so her size alone could be intimidating. A request from Tabbitha would more than likely be taken as a threat.

"I would not wish to threaten," said Tabbitha, as though she'd heard every word of that last paragraph.

The spooky little boxcar climbed another slope into a foggy graveyard scene. Yarrow explained to Cyan what a fog machine was, pressing his legs together while the car whipped around another corner and stopped abruptly, jostling Cyan into Yarrow's lap. Cyan scrambled back to their side, pushing against Yarrow's abdomen in their haste. Yarrow gave a pained grunt.

"Sorry, sorry," Cyan gasped.

"It's fine," whispered Yarrow. They were alone in a boxed-in part of the graveyard, surrounded by cardboard cutouts of trees and styrofoam gravestones. The fog machine was in that room and the fog sat thicker on the ground. Above, green arrows flickered to life in the ceiling, pointing behind them.

"Hold tight, riders. Or don't." said the same flat singsong voice from the lower level. "Arrows point to the emergency egress, which is a legal word for exit and not a wading bird."

Yarrow scooted to the edge of the seat, opening his legs. "I'm so sorry, Cyan. I didn't have as much time as I thought." In the dark, Cyan could just see the wet spot spreading in Yarrow's pants. He unbuttoned his fly and fumbled with his underwear, spraying the floor at their feet with the first burst. It stopped for a few seconds while he aimed oddly upward and let the stream arc onto the nearest styrofoam headstone, marked with the words "Sandra Chri-" over the waves of fog. The clear piss rinsed the dust off part of the marker. Yarrow had a short, circumcised dick with his urethral opening on the underside of the head. The way he held it to aim it reminded Cyan of a sprinkler.

"Please don't stare," Yarrow sighed. The relief in his voice made him seem more naked than he was with his genitals out. Instead of looking down, Cyan watched Yarrow wash the next headstone, sunken further into the fog.

Yarrow finished with a long, slow stream trickling into the fog around the car. It seemed to go on for a long time, and Cyan was starting to think people might pass them to get to the emergency exit when Yarrow finished with a badly suppressed moan. Cyan didn't look until Yarrow had zipped up his pants.

"Did um...did it work?" Cyan asked, trying to stare through the fog to see the puddles.

Yarrow smiled, let his head loll back over the backrest, and moaned, "Yeah." He sat still for about a minute before Cyan nudged his shoulder, and heard a snore.

"Yarrow?" Cyan said quietly. Yarrow didn't respond. "Are you asleep?" Again, Yarrow didn't respond. "But if you're awake enough to say yes...I don't know what I was expecting," Cyan sighed.

"Mom, the stairs are right-" Squeeeeaaakkk

Azri slid down the incline that led up to the third level. She directed a thumbs-up back up the slope and turned to Cyan and Yarrow. "Well, that looks uncomfortable," said Azri, looking at Yarrow. She stepped around the car, squelching in the artificial cemetery turf, and touched his face with her hand.

"Is this pee I'm standing in, or are the fog machines leaking?" asked Azri.

Cyan's stomach fluttered. "It's pee."

Azri removed her hand from Yarrow's face and patted his shoulder. "How are you doing here, Cy? Are you okay with staying on the ride, or would you like to get off now?"

"It's been like two minutes," said Cyan. "I'll wait a little longer; the ending spiral you told me about sounds fun."

Azri seemed pleased with that answer. "Would you mind letting Yarrow lean on you so his neck doesn't whip around when it starts up again?" Cyan nodded and let Azri move Yarrow's head onto their shoulder.

"Just holler up at us if you need anything," said Azri, moving back toward the slope. This time she used the set of stairs next to the track.

___

Andynes preening other andynes' wings and their preen glands are one of the things Hamans find unhygienic about them. And a little weird. Preening glands are weird and Avaris doesn't have one.

The pic is an advert for the same model of airship that Avaris has, made by Hamans for Andynes.

&&

