Eldoria: Veil of Shadows

Author: Anonymous009

*000*2024-02-09 15:16

In a fantasy land of Eldoria, set in 1436 AD. we'll start our journey with Aric and Aria and see how they save their home region.

Characters:

Aric: Our protagonist, the story will mostly revolve around him. Aria: Aric's younger sister, another main character. Elena: Aric and Aria's Mother. Rosalyn: Princess of Eldoria. Note:

All characters are above 18, even Aria. Only female wettings and desperation. I'll focus more on story, even though there will be desperation in every episode.

*001*2024-02-10 06:06

Episode 1:

In the tranquil dawn of Eldoria, Aric and Aria slumbered peacefully, nestled in the warmth of their beds. The soft patter of footsteps announced the arrival of Elena, their devoted mother, she was fidgeting from the urge to pee haowever.

With utmost care, Elena approached their beds, she settle besides their legs and grabbed her crotch. In a tender voice, she gently nudged Aric awake, "Wake up, Aric. It's morning already." Aric, stirred by the familiar voice, embraced her in a morning hug. "Good morning, Mom," he greeted with warmth. Elena reciprocated, "Good morning, Aric. Wake your sister, and then both of you come downstairs. Spend some time with your father before he departs."

As the realization dawned on Aric that today marked his father's departure for business, a twinge of sadness clouded his expression. Despite the melancholy, Aric acknowledged the importance of his father's endeavors. "I totally forgot about that," he admitted.

Elena, understanding her son's mixed emotions, offered a comforting smile before descending downstairs, maintaining her composure. After Elena descended, Aric questioned why her movements where unnatural. then he shifted his focus to Aria, his innocent sister peacefully sleeping beside him. Drawing closer, he played with her hair gently and remarked, "You look beautiful when you're asleep, Aria, but it's time to wake up." Aria, still groggy, responded with a sleepy "Good morning, brother."

As she awakened, Aric gently explained the situation, "You know Dad is moving out today, right?" Aria's expressions shifted, and with a touch of sadness, she questioned, "Does he really need to leave?" Aric responded, "He has to, for his work, for his family, for us."They both prepared for the day and headed downstairs for breakfast. Seated together, the family engaged in a heartfelt conversation, realizing it might be their last for a few months. Elena, after the meal, went to pack clothes and other essentials for her husband her bladder still unrelieved. She prioritezed on work and family, more than her bladder.

While Aric and Aria conversed with their father, Elena returned with the packed belongings. "Here is all your stuff," she informed her husband. He set them aside and then invited Elena to their room for a private moment. Elena followed him, struggling to maintain her composure.

Inside their room, Aric's father revealed the presents he had purchased for Aric and Aria's upcoming birthdays. Grasping Elena's hand, he asked, "Will you give these to our children on their birthday?" Elena, with a smile, agreed to her husbands wish. "Can you close the door for a private moment please?" he asked Elena. Struggling to fight her full bladder, Aria closed the door as she knew this will be the last private moment they share for months.

After a while, As their father emerged from the room, a palpable sense of farewell filled the air. Aric and Aria understood that it was time to bid goodbye. The father and children lingered for a while, cherishing those last moments together. As his figure gradually receded in the distance, Aria, overwhelmed by emotions, tearfully sought solace in her (and Aric's) room.

Observing Aria's distress, Elena turned to Aric, her voice gentle amidst the ongoing workload. "Will you go up and calm her down?" Aric nodded and ascended the stairs, leaving Elena to attend to her responsibilities and her bladder situation worsening every minute.

In the room, Aric sat beside Aria, enveloping her in a comforting hug. "Calm down, Aria. I don't want to see my sister crying like this," he reassured her. Aria, tearfully, expressed her concern, "Well, how can we communicate with Dad now?" Aric handed her a glass of water and suggested, "We can write letters to him, and he can reply to them."

Aria, consoled by her brother's words, regained composure. "Can we go for a walk outside?" she asked while sipping the water.

They descended and sought permission from Elena to venture outside. She agreed, with a reminder, "Sure, but come back before nightfall." Both siblings acknowledged her directive and stepped out into the open air.

As Aric and Aria strolled through the bustling streets of Eldoria, they observed the daily lives of the residents, immersing themselves in the vibrant atmosphere of the region.

Their exploration continued until evening, culminating in a shared moment watching the enchanting sunset. "Isn't the sunset beautiful?" Aric remarked to Aria, who, while fidgeting, responded, "Brother, we should now return home, as Mom warned, and my bladder is quite full."

Acknowledging his sister's plea, Aric led the way back, engaging in a small conversation along the journey. Upon reaching home, they discovered Elena grappling with the demands of household chores.

"Should we go help her?" Aric suggested. "Sure," replied Aria. The siblings joined forces to assist Elena before retreating to the balcony to admire the night sky. On the balcony, Aria stood by the railing, and Aric enveloped her in a gentle hug. "The stars look beautiful, don't they?" Aric mused. Aria playfully responded, "Yeah, but do they look as beautiful as me?" Aric teasingly retorted, "Absolutely, the stars are way more beautiful than you."

Aware of Aric's jest, Aria put on a fake angry face and countered, "You are so rude, brother." Aric, sensing her feelings, hugged her tighter, gently fondling her hair. "I'm sorry, my sister. I thought you would understand the joke," he apologized. Aria smiled and replied, "Seems like you didn't get the joke. I knew you were teasing me."

As the siblings enjoyed their carefree moments, Aria subtly felt the persistent signals from her full bladder, yet she insisted on savoring the present joy. a small trickle of urine escaped into her underwear. She did everything possible to hide her discomfort from Aric.

In a playful turn, she questioned, "All jokes aside, do I really look more beautiful than the stars?" Aric chuckled and responded, "Is that even a question? But there's something special about the stars." Intrigued, Aria asked, "What is it?" Aric explained, "When all the stars collaborate, they enhance the beauty of this full moon night and every other night as well." Aria smiled, expressing her understanding, and shared, "The stars are to the moon just like you are to me. You've always cared about me."

After this heartwarming exchange, the siblings descended for dinner. Aric and Aria, in unison, questioned Elena, "Is the work finished, Mom?" Elena warmly embraced both of her children and responded, "Yes, thanks for helping me, my dear children." Elena's desperation now apparent, she tried everything to keep it a secret.

Seated around the dinner table, the family enjoyed a wholesome meal, sharing stories and laughter. Elena's one hand pressing her crotch, she tried to distract herself from her full bladder. Aric and Aria emersed themselves in a conversation about their childhood memories. Aria drank a glass full of water, her bladder responded with another leak onto her underwear. She had to use the restroom after this.

Once the meal concluded, Aria ran towards washroom. Only to be stopped by Aric, who got in first. Aria desperately waited for him to come out. She thought she would go and change into her night clothes. With leaks now and then, she managed to change the clothes. Aric came and asked her to sleep, with no other option she slept aside him.

On the other side, Elena washed the dishes. The sound of water didn't help as she leaked in her underwear. After that, she went in her room to change into her night gown.

Back to Aric's room, Aric got an idea. That his dad's bed might be empty now that he's out, so Aria could sleep on it, so that Aria gets privacy and he can sleep on his bed freely. He quickly ran down the stairs, he spotted Elena next to restroom door. "Mom, I need to talk with you." he said. Elena cursed her luck and went to her room with Aric.

Aric presented the idea, Elena said, "Ok, pick it up by other side." They both picked the bed up and went to their room. While on the stairs, the bed pushed on Elena's bed and she leaked again. After getting the bed up in their room, Aric went down to thank Elena. she seemed exhausted so he offered a glass of water. nervously Elena drank water and went to sleep. "I'm tired and exhausted, restroom can wait", she said to herself.

After getting Aria to sleep on the bed, Aric slept on his.

End of Episode

*002*2024-02-10 06:13

How was episode 1?

Next one tomorrow.

*004*2024-02-11 02:35

{{19 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Nice story and welcome to the party, also will there be intentional desperation or wetting in the story?

}}

Intentional meaning where the girls will try to hold even if its too much?

Then yes, but they'll do it because they don't think its urgent, no intentional wettings.

*005*2024-02-13 15:30

Episode 2: Aria's Midnight Desperation.

In the dead of night, Aria stirred, feeling the uncomfortable pressure of her full bladder. "Oh, I'm full already," she muttered to herself, reluctantly rousing from her sleep. With a sigh, she gingerly slipped out of bed, careful not to disturb Aric, who was peacefully slumbering in the adjacent bed.

As she descended the stairs, the urgency intensified, her desperation growing with each step. Aria clutched her abdomen, trying to suppress the increasing discomfort. Yet, relief seemed tantalizingly close. However, amidst her groggy state, she couldn't shake the eerie sensation of an unfamiliar sound emanating from beyond the walls of their mansion.

Driven by fear, she hurried towards Elena's room, her heart pounding in her chest. "Mom, please wake up," she pleaded, her voice trembling with anxiety. Exhausted but slightly stirred, Elena mumbled, "Honey, it's just your imagination. Go back to bed now."

However, as Aria turned to leave, she noticed a subtle grimace on Elena's face, a telltale sign of her own desperate need to relieve herself. "Mom, are you okay?" Aria inquired, concern evident in her voice. Elena managed a weak smile, "I'll be fine, sweetheart. Just go back to bed."

Reluctantly, Aria obeyed, though the unsettling sound continued to linger in her mind. With a shared sense of discomfort, both mother and daughter eventually succumbed to sleep, the mysterious noises outside momentarily forgotten in the depths of their dreams.

After a few agonizing minutes, desperation tightened its grip on Aria, compelling her to seek assistance from her supportive brother. "Brother, please wake up. It's urgent," she implored Aric, her voice trembling with urgency. Aric stirred from his slumber, his eyes meeting Aria's as she stood before him, desperately clutching her crotch.Sensing her distress, Aric gently pulled Aria close, offering her reassurance and comfort. As her fear ebbed away in the warmth of her brother's embrace, they silently agreed to venture downstairs together, careful not to disturb their sleeping mother.

With Aria following closely behind, still struggling to contain her desperation, they tiptoed down the staircase, their movements slow and deliberate. Aric paused near the restroom, concern etched on his face as he turned to Aria. "Do you need to use the restroom?" he asked quietly. Aria, determined to conceal her discomfort, shook her head and motioned to continue towards the main door.

With cautious steps, they approached the entrance, their hearts pounding in unison. Aric carefully pushed the door open, revealing the dimly lit surroundings. In the distance, a shadowy figure loomed, sending a shiver down Aria's spine. Fear coursed through her veins, causing a small wet spot to form on her underwear, a telltale sign of her overwhelming anxiety.

Despite her trembling, Aric's presence provided a sense of courage as they ventured towards the spot where the figure had been. Yet, upon reaching the location, they found nothing but eerie silence, the mysterious intruder having vanished into the night.

As they decided to head back, Aria and Aric exchanged nervous glances, silently praying that Elena remained asleep. With cautious steps, they approached the door, their hearts pounding in their chests. Slowly, they pushed it open, hoping to slip back into their rooms unnoticed.

To their dismay, Elena stood before them, her expression a mix of concern and annoyance. "What are you two doing out here at this hour?" she scolded, her voice tinged with frustration. Yet, as she spoke, Elena's face contorted in discomfort, a clear indication that she too was desperate to relieve herself.

Aria and Aric exchanged a knowing look, understanding their mother's predicament all too well. However, before Elena could utter another word, she reached her limit, a torrent of relief flooding over her as she had a full-blown accident, the evidence unmistakable, her nightgown was all soaked, and a huge puddle beneath her.

Blushing with embarrassment and mortification, Elena gestured towards their rooms, her voice trembling. "Go to your rooms," she instructed, her tone softened by her own vulnerability.

Feeling a mix of sympathy and relief, Aria and Aric obediently retreated to their shared room. Understanding her fear, Aric offered Aria the comfort of his bed, understanding her need for reassurance. And so, despite her own urgent need to use the restroom, Aria drifted into a fitful sleep, comforted by the presence of her supportive brother by her side.

In the darkness of their room, the events of the night faded into the background as sleep enveloped them, bringing an end to the unsettling ordeal. On the other side, Elena cried in her room because she had wet herself next to her children.

End of Episode.

*006*2024-02-14 00:31

{{8 hours ago, Anonymous009 said:

Episode 2: Aria's Midnight Desperation.

In the dead of night, Aria stirred, feeling the uncomfortable pressure of her full bladder. "Oh, I'm full already," she muttered to herself, reluctantly rousing from her sleep. With a sigh, she gingerly slipped out of bed, careful not to disturb Aric, who was peacefully slumbering in the adjacent bed.

As she descended the stairs, the urgency intensified, her desperation growing with each step. Aria clutched her abdomen, trying to suppress the increasing discomfort. Yet, relief seemed tantalizingly close. However, amidst her groggy state, she couldn't shake the eerie sensation of an unfamiliar sound emanating from beyond the walls of their mansion.

Driven by fear, she hurried towards Elena's room, her heart pounding in her chest. "Mom, please wake up," she pleaded, her voice trembling with anxiety. Exhausted but slightly stirred, Elena mumbled, "Honey, it's just your imagination. Go back to bed now."

However, as Aria turned to leave, she noticed a subtle grimace on Elena's face, a telltale sign of her own desperate need to relieve herself. "Mom, are you okay?" Aria inquired, concern evident in her voice. Elena managed a weak smile, "I'll be fine, sweetheart. Just go back to bed."

Reluctantly, Aria obeyed, though the unsettling sound continued to linger in her mind. With a shared sense of discomfort, both mother and daughter eventually succumbed to sleep, the mysterious noises outside momentarily forgotten in the depths of their dreams.

After a few agonizing minutes, desperation tightened its grip on Aria, compelling her to seek assistance from her supportive brother. "Brother, please wake up. It's urgent," she implored Aric, her voice trembling with urgency. Aric stirred from his slumber, his eyes meeting Aria's as she stood before him, desperately clutching her crotch.Sensing her distress, Aric gently pulled Aria close, offering her reassurance and comfort. As her fear ebbed away in the warmth of her brother's embrace, they silently agreed to venture downstairs together, careful not to disturb their sleeping mother.

With Aria following closely behind, still struggling to contain her desperation, they tiptoed down the staircase, their movements slow and deliberate. Aric paused near the restroom, concern etched on his face as he turned to Aria. "Do you need to use the restroom?" he asked quietly. Aria, determined to conceal her discomfort, shook her head and motioned to continue towards the main door.

With cautious steps, they approached the entrance, their hearts pounding in unison. Aric carefully pushed the door open, revealing the dimly lit surroundings. In the distance, a shadowy figure loomed, sending a shiver down Aria's spine. Fear coursed through her veins, causing a small wet spot to form on her underwear, a telltale sign of her overwhelming anxiety.

Despite her trembling, Aric's presence provided a sense of courage as they ventured towards the spot where the figure had been. Yet, upon reaching the location, they found nothing but eerie silence, the mysterious intruder having vanished into the night.

As they decided to head back, Aria and Aric exchanged nervous glances, silently praying that Elena remained asleep. With cautious steps, they approached the door, their hearts pounding in their chests. Slowly, they pushed it open, hoping to slip back into their rooms unnoticed.

To their dismay, Elena stood before them, her expression a mix of concern and annoyance. "What are you two doing out here at this hour?" she scolded, her voice tinged with frustration. Yet, as she spoke, Elena's face contorted in discomfort, a clear indication that she too was desperate to relieve herself.

Aria and Aric exchanged a knowing look, understanding their mother's predicament all too well. However, before Elena could utter another word, she reached her limit, a torrent of relief flooding over her as she had a full-blown accident, the evidence unmistakable, her nightgown was all soaked, and a huge puddle beneath her.

Blushing with embarrassment and mortification, Elena gestured towards their rooms, her voice trembling. "Go to your rooms," she instructed, her tone softened by her own vulnerability.

Feeling a mix of sympathy and relief, Aria and Aric obediently retreated to their shared room. Understanding her fear, Aric offered Aria the comfort of his bed, understanding her need for reassurance. And so, despite her own urgent need to use the restroom, Aria drifted into a fitful sleep, comforted by the presence of her supportive brother by her side.

In the darkness of their room, the events of the night faded into the background as sleep enveloped them, bringing an end to the unsettling ordeal. On the other side, Elena cried in her room because she had wet herself next to her children.

End of Episode.

}}

How was the story guys? Elena's wetting is first one in the story. So if you think there can be more details, then tell me and I'll include them in next wettings.

*008*2024-02-14 00:52

Thanks.

{{19 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

It's good so far

}}

*009*2024-02-19 02:31

Before I upload Episode 3, what do you think about Aric making Aria (and other girls in future.) Hold their pee and also make them wet their clothes. Or should he be kind and helping in their Desperation?

*011*2024-02-19 11:55

{{9 hours ago, warham1995 said:

The first choice, speaking of what is your opinion on purposeful holding?

}}

Yes, purposeful holding will be in, but because lack of choice, or not prioritizing the need. And not because the character likes to do it, okay?

*012*2024-02-19 14:06

Well I'm not sure how it will look, considering Aria is Aric's sister. So won't it be weird?

{{11 hours ago, warham1995 said:

The first choice

}}

*014*2024-02-25 10:25

Episode 3A: Revelation of Secrets

The next morning, Aric woke up early to investigate the spot where the figure was found now that it was morning. He quickly changed into his regular clothes and got ready. He found Elena asleep in her room, it was the best opportunity. He quickly went back to his room to wake Aria up.

"Wake up Aria, we're going out to investigate the spot..." He said, while shaking her to wake her up. Aria woke up and began dressing up too, not wanting to let go the opportunity to investigate. But as she stood up, her bladder started aching. She really needed to pee, but being late again and missing any clues was not Ideal.

"I'm ready, let's get going," she said while trying to hide her desperation, She was nearly about to burst. "Okay, let's hurry then," Aric replied, unaware of his younger sister's urgency to empty her bladder.

Aric led the way towards the spot, but Aria failed to keep up with him. "Come on, why are you so slow?" He said with slight frustration. He grabbed Aria's hand and led the way while telling her to be a little fast. Aria was unintentionally forced by Aric to walk fast, which made her lose control and pee in her underwear.

When the heroes reached there, they began investigating, looking for any clues of presence of the mysterious figure last night. As they searched the area, Aria's discomfort grew, both from the urgency of her need to pee and the embarrassment of wetting herself. She tried to discreetly manage the situation, but it was challenging with her brother's focus on the investigation. Aric, unaware of her predicament, continued to scour the surroundings for any signs of the mysterious figure's presence.

As Aric carefully examined the ground, desperate Aria tried to find a place to relieve her bladder. While searching for some bushes, her eyes caught a glint of something metallic. Brushing away the dirt, she uncovered a ring, intricately designed and undoubtedly significant. Aria's eyes widened with excitement as she glimpsed the treasure, her fingers itching to claim it as her own.

"Aric, look what I found!" she exclaimed, reaching for the ring.

But Aric held up a hand to stop her. "Wait, Aria. This could be a crucial piece of evidence. We can't just take it without considering its importance to the investigation."

Aria's disappointment was palpable, her urgency to empty her bladder now compounded by her longing for the ring. She reluctantly nodded, understanding her brother's reasoning. Reluctantly, she let go of the ring, though a small part of her still longed to keep it hidden away for herself. With the ring secured as evidence and her discomfort growing, Aria silently prayed for a swift resolution to their investigation.

As the investigation continues, Aria's desperation get more and more worse, she tries to ignore her needs and focus on the current task. Aric on the other hand, is busy with the investigation that he fails to understand Aria's desperation. While observing the bushes, for both to find clue and to relieve the pressing matters, a caterpillar gets on her feet which makes her jump and scream in fear, nearly wetting herself.

Aric notices it and goes to check out what happened, he sees Aria holding her crotch and saying "Caterpillar..." when he reaches there, Aria sits down and raises her skirt. Before he could understand the situation, a stream emerges from between Aria's legs with high pressure.

To be continued...

*015*2024-02-25 10:32

How was the (first half of) episode? Uploaded this one in parts because it's big, the title may not make sense now, but it will when part 2 comes out.

