Halloween party (Halloween Special)

Author: Alex62

*000*2020-10-29 00:48

Halloween party(Halloween Special)

Jadian and Nico were hanging out alone at Jadian’s house before a Halloween Party. It was their school’s big Halloween event hosted every year in the schools gym. It was almost like Homecoming but for Halloween and you could bring a date but one wasn’t really required, but of course Nico had asked Jadian to go with him, and costumes were highly recommended.

Jadian and Nico were sitting on Jadian’s bed listing to music when Nico tapped Jadian on the shoulder “We should start to get ready but before that I got you a gift” Nico said with a smile as he pulled a gift out of his bag and handed it to Jadian. Jadian was surprised as a gift wasn’t expected and he got Nico nothing. “Neeks I didn’t get you anything, you shouldn’t have” Nico replied ”I know but and that's okay but I saw these and thought of you”.

Jadian smiled at Nico and opened his gift. It was Limited Edition Halloween style briefs; one was black and orange striped, one was black with ghost on it, and one was black with Jack-o-letrens on it. ”Suprise!! Since you started liking wearing briefs I thought these would be cute!”Jadian hugged Nico ”I love them, I'm going to wear a pair tonight!”

Nico was glad to hear this and couldn't help but to smile when Jadian opened the pack and pulled down his shorts and boxer briefs. ”Which pair should I wear?” Jadian asked as he looked over at Nico. ”Whichever pair you want” Nico replied and Jadian took out the first pair and slide them on. It was the black and orange striped pair and Nico loved how Jadian looked in them. ”How do I look?” Jadian asked Nico turning to him again. ”Sexy and cute” Nico responded. Jadian smiled and sat on the bed crossing his legs next to Nico and kissed Nico. Nico put his hand on Jadian’s top knee and kissed him back.

After a few minutes Jadian said ”lets get ready” and stood up uncrossing his legs. Nico also stood up and lead Jadian to the bathroom to apply his white face make up. After a while it was done and time for Nico’s green make up. When that was done it was time to get dressed. Jadian couldn't help but to watch and smile as Nico pulled down his shorts exposing his white Calvin Klien briefs. They both pulled on black pants, Jadians were more dress pants while Nico’s we're ripped and worn. Jadain also put on a white dress shirt and cape while Nico put on a ripped and worn suit.

Nico looked over at Jadian and said with a smile ”there is my Dracula” and Jadian looked at Nico and said with a smile ”there is my Frankenstein's Monster”. They smiled at each other then left for the Halloween Party. The drive wasn't long at all and when they got there they went straight to the gym. Immediately they found there friends, some from the basketball and football team and some not.

Jadian was having so much fun he didn't even notice that his bladder was slowly filling up as the night went on. Jadian and Nico were bobbing for apples when Jadian looked up and thought he saw an old friend. He told Nico he will be right back and pushed his way though the crowd to get a better look and he was right. He saw a guy standing there in white gym shorts and a normal t shirt. ”Aiden!” Jadian called and his old friend turned around and saw him ”Jadian!” he said as he ran up and hugged him. ”What you doing here” Jadian asked him with a smile as he pulled away. ”My dad got orders form the military to come back so I thought I might come here and catch up” Aiden responded. ”Well welcome back dude, does this mean you will be going to school here again?” Aidien shook his head ”Unfortunately not, I'm home schooled now”

Nico found Jadian and walked up to him. He saw Jadian taken to someone who looked fimilar but he couldn't place it. ”Hey Jadian there you are, who's this?” ”Hey Nico, the remember that time we went on a school basketball trip and we became friends?” Nico nodded ”well this is Aiden, he was the other not with us” Nico eyes got wide as he remembered and turned to Aiden. “Welcome back!” Nico said as he hugged Aiden who hugged him back also as he too had forgotten Nico and that's when Jadian first noticed his bladder.

”I can see you guys became good friends” Aiden said to Jadian and Nico. Jadian and Nico looked at each other then laughed. ”you could say that” Jadian said ”but shortly after the trip Nico and I became friends and then I realized I wasn't straight and Nico was gay so long story short we are now boyfriends” Aiden’s face lit up ”that is amazing!” he said. That's when a wave of desperation hit Jadian and he had to cross his legs and grab himself. Aiden noticed right away as he was standing in front of Jadian ”looks like someone has to go to the bathroom, better go as you don't want to end up like I did on the bus trip. Jadian looked at him ”like we all did” and he and Nico waved goodbye to Aiden as the made there way to the bathroom.

It took all Jadian had to not hold himself as he and Nico walked to the bathroom. Unfortunately, at this was an after school event only one bathroom was open and their was a line. Jadian immediately crossed his legs and whispered to Nico ”I don't want to ruin these new briefs you gave me but I'm not sure I can make it.” Nico said ”its okay baby, if you can't hold it just go” Jadian knew he had to try and held on but Nico saw Jadian was now holding himself in plain sight and whispered to him ”Jadian please just go, I can see that your in pain” Jadian wanted to hold on but he looked and saw six people were still in front of him and knew he couldn't make it.

Jadian closed his eyes and relaxed. Immediately pee started to flow from his body with a loud hiss as pee soaked his new black and orange briefs and black dress pants and ran down his tan legs making a huge pee puddle at his feet. Nico watched as his boyfriend’s black dress pants started to glister with pee. Jadian peed for what seemed like hours and felt himself get hard but when he finally stopped he quietly started to cry. Nico know now to make Jadian feel better and took a deep breath and relaxed.

Jadian looked confused when he heard a faint hiss and opened his eyes to see his boyfriend peeing. Nico felt as pee soaked his white CK briefs and torn black pants. Jadian watched as pee ran down Nico’s legs form the tears in Nico’s pants and watched as Nico’s pee mixed with his on the gym floor. After a few more minutes Nico was empty and his hiss died down. ”Now you are not the only one”. Jadian smiled and hugged Nico after hearing this. ”But I ruined your gift” he whispered in Nico’s ear while hugging him. Nico smiled and couldn't help but to laugh ”it’s okay”.

After a while they finally finished hugging and decided to leave early. As they were walking to Nico’s car they saw a figure leaning against the building smoking, it was dark so they couldn't make out who it was. When they got closer Jadian recognized the figure, ”Aiden!?”

Aiden looked up ”Oh, hi Jadian and Nico, see that something's don't change” as he said the last part he also laughed and pointed to Jadian’s and Nico’s pants. But Jadian knew Aiden and he could tell something was up. ”You okay, man?” Jadian asked him. Adien shook his head ”No, not really” Jadian went to hug him but he stepped back, ”no, you'll get your pee on me.” Jadian nodded and stepped back. Jadian knew Aiden didn't mean to be harsh but he was still hurt by that.

”Whats wrong, buddy?” Nico asked Aiden. Aiden looked at him and laughed ”life sucks, that's what's wrong. I just got a call from my dad and in a few weeks I'm moving again!” Aiden tried to fight back the tears but he couldn't. Jadian and Nico looked at each other ”it’s okay, Aiden” Thats when Aiden got angry ”IT’S NOT OKAY, ALL I EVER DO IS MOVE I CAN’T KEEP ANY FRIENDS BECAUSE OF THAT AND WHEN I MEET UP WITH OLD FRIENDS AND GET HOPE WE CAN BE FRIENDS AGAIN I’M TOLD I’M MOVING AGAIN” Aiden yelled and started to cry harder.

Jadian and Nico looked at each other again and that's when they heard it. A hiss coming for Aiden’s pants. Aiden saw them looking confused at him and said ”What I had to go and seeing you two in piss soaked pants why not just let it go in my pants” Jadian and Nico shrugged in agreement and laughed as Aiden’s blue Calvin Klein briefs became visible. The three of them stood there laughing as Aiden peed his pants.

