OmoRomancing my Wife - Rough Draft

Author: AlwaysLeaking

*000*2025-08-16 14:17

I've written some erotica and have been wondering how to incorporate Omo into that, but the scenarios needed to bring two people together seemed a bit contrived. Then, I was inspired by@nursegirl

's story to take a more organic and natural approach... This is the beginning of what will hopefully be a longer story and not another eternal WIP, abandoned in the draft folder...

###

I could feel as much as hear her sobbing next to me. I rolled over to cuddle her and instantly realized what was going on. The bed was wet. For the third time this month.

My cock, already uncharacteristically stiff in the morning, started pulsing. I’m sure she felt it against her back as she also felt my hand reach between her legs. Her panties were, of course, soaked. I thought I might just cum from that alone. I felt a fresh sob as she realized I was awake, and she tried to push my hand away.

“Shhh... it’s OK baby, just let me lie here and love you.”

“It’s not OK, and I’m not a baby. Just because I,” she sobbed again, “just because I can’t stop wetting myself doesn’t mean I’m a baby.”

“It’s a few isolated instances,” I offered reassuringly, as my fingers coaxed her bud from its hood, “You’re not a baby, but you are my baby.” I kissed and nibbled the back of her neck until her sobs and sighs were replaced with a giggle. I wanted to tell her just how much hotter she was after wetting the bed and how her newly developed incontinence sent my kink-meter off the charts, but experience suggested she would not receive that very well, so I said nothing. My raging hard-on would need to be attended to after she got off, which didn’t take long.

Her breathing changed, and I felt her squirm, her hand resting on mine; subtly guiding my movements, as I felt her body begin to tense up slightly. I wanted so badly to release my usual morning bladder to mix alongside hers and have her straddle me as we made love in a soaking puddle of our own urine, but I was lucky she was letting me finger her, and after she gasped, quietly said my name and started to relax again, I used my other hand to quickly stroke myself as gobs of semen trickled out and onto the wet spot.

Years ago, we had talked about kinks, and she liked being spanked or blindfolded a little, but that was about it. I had been interested in omorashi, and suggested we try watersports or a golden shower, but she seemed repulsed by the idea, and I continued my explorations privately. Now we were at a place where her greatest source of shame was my arousal, and I was determined to turn this into a win for both of us.

“I can’t believe you did that, and that you’d lay in my piss. So gross.” She sighed again, a tinge of sadness still in her voice. “Tom, what am I going to do?

“What are WE going to do,” I corrected her. “I’m in this with you.” She sighed again. “Come on, let’s get you cleaned up.”

“See, I’m dirty.” She shuddered, “So gross.”

“Monica, it’s a natural bodily process, and urine is sterile. It may smell a little funny, but it doesn’t hurt anything.” I sat up, “I’ll get the shower started for you.”. I hopped out of bed and down the hall to the bathroom. “Leave your panties on the bed and don’t worry about it, I’ll take care of it.”

I quickly rinsed off and voided myself in the shower (saves water), getting out to towel off as Monica arrived naked, ready to shower. I gently embraced her in a mock display of ravishment, kissing her neck and growling. “So gross,” she said as she pushed me away, “You just showered, why would you do that?”

“Because I love you,” I answered as I squeezed her left butt cheek before she disappeared into the shower. More quietly as I walked back towards the bedroom, “Because your shame may be the fulfillment of my greatest fantasy.”

I had the bed stripped in no time, the waterproof cover wiped down with a disinfecting wipe and new bedding laid out, ready to go on once it was dry. The soiled linens and miscellaneous dirty clothes were whisked downstairs to the laundry, and I set about getting the French press ready for our morning coffee.

I wished I could tell her just how hot she was surrounded by her wetness or how the thought of her doing that on me, or me peeing on her caused my arousal to grow again, but I remained silent as she entered the kitchen, dressed in her knee length pencil skirt, black stockings, and light blue blouse, ready to head out to the office.

“Tom, I appreciate your kindness, but you don’t have to make me feel better. I’m getting old and I just can’t hold my bladder anymore. I’d understand if you never wanted to touch me again.” She didn’t seem sad as much as resigned or even disappointed.

“Wow, trying to get rid of me?”

“Tom! You know that’s not what I meant. I will always want you and I love your recent increased interest in me”, she blushed a little as she looked at me, “but you don’t have to overcompensate for my…” she looked for the word, “Infirmity.”

“Monica…” I kissed her goodbye as she was ready to walk out the door for her commute. “Everything will be alright. You’ll see.”

She just let out a “Hmmm” as I shut the door behind her and then made my own arduous commute to the den down the hall from the kitchen. Luckily, I didn’t trip over my own shoes. I tried complaining to housekeeping, but I just ignored myself.

After a couple hours of work, I attended to the laundry, and making the bed. I polished off my first liter of water and filled my bottle with the second as I tidied up, although the place never got too bad anyway. Then I got on Amazon to look at some adult pull-ups. I had a stash of depends that I used occasionally on days when I knew work would keep me glued to my desk. I loved those days when I could pee freely as I worked.

Sometimes I’d hold as long as I could, leaking until my underwear was already wet before barely making it to the tub. Something about the feeling of my wet pants and the sheer naughtiness of it would fill me with an urge to stroke my soaked cock as it would quickly grow.

I had read some discussions about adult pull-ups and actual diapers, but I was never actually serious about it myself. The offerings on Amazon were limited, but I ended up getting an overnight pull-up from Tena. I was hoping to find something that looked a bit more stylish and less clinical, but in this case, function needed to win out over form. I would just let her wet the bed and join her sometimes, but I knew she wouldn’t be happy about that, so Tena Sensitive overnight, size S/M in an 80 count case it was. While I was there, I ordered a box of colored sharpies too. Pictures and notes written on them would make it a little fun.

I went back to work while the clock ticked for the two hour delivery. The laundry was finished, and folded, and I had changed into a depend, with a pee pad handy, just in case I overwhelmed it. It didn’t take long into my second liter when I reached the point of actively holding my pee and had reached the stage where I couldn’t suppress the tiny leaks, which would grow to be larger leaks in time and eventually I just wouldn’t be able to stop it. That would take quite a while and I never liked to completely exhaust my muscles, so I usually just stopped holding it after an hour or so.

I couldn’t help thinking of Monica and fantasizing about her dancing the pee dance and holding her knees together and eventually losing it as golden liquid streams down her hose and out from under her skirt to pool on the linoleum floor. I pull her down on to the floor with me as she lifts her skirt and I tear her hose and panties out of the way, having her impale herself on my raging hard on.

Meanwhile, I tried clenching my muscles to again stop the flood but gave up as warm relief gushed into the depend, and I could feel my soft cock twitch at the relief as the depend began to grow heavy and started to sag from the weight of its fullness. A small rivulet of pee escaped the gather at my groin and trickled down my leg, staining the pad at my feet. I was still enjoying the relief and the relaxation it brought when my phone buzzed.

It was Monica. I answered it to hear her crying. “Monica, are you alright? What’s wrong? Do you need me to come get you?” I was concerned.

“Tom, I’m…” She snorted, “I’m… I peed my… myself at work.” She sniffed loudly. “In the bathroom. I’m all wet. The car is all wet.” She continued crying.

“Are you on your way home?”

“No. I thought I’d go shopping.” The irritation in her voice should have served as a warning, but I can be thick sometimes.

“Can you pick up a dozen eggs?” Normally, she might have laughed but given the circumstances it was asking too much.

“OF COURSE I’M COMING HOME.”

“So, no eggs?” Her silence made me realize I shouldn’t push it. “I’ll meet you in the garage. It will be all right Monica. We’ll make this work.”

“That’s easy for you to say. You’re not the one pissing yourself.” I bit my tongue, and she disconnected the call. I was acutely aware of the weight of the pull up as the liquid began to cool. I managed to pee a little more into it and then standing on the lightly wetted pad peeled off the depend and wrapped it tightly in the pad. I dropped that into a disposable plastic shopping bag and wiped myself off with a wet washcloth.

I tossed the washcloth in the hamper, grabbed a couple of towels and Monica’s old bathrobe, and threw my clothes back on. In the kitchen I pulled out a stemless wineglass and poured her a glass of whatever sweet white we had open. I know, who uses stemless for white? I was pressed for time. With towels, wine, diaper bag and bathrobe in hand, I went out to the garage and opened the door. I had just finished putting the bag with the depends in it in the garbage when Monica’s white Soul turned into the apron, climbed the gentle slope, and pulled in. I pushed the button to close the garage door and had her take off her wet clothes right there, towels ready to dry her off. She hadn’t peed on the car seat, so the damage was minimal, easy to clean.

Her clothing wasn’t that bad. I’m not sure I’d have noticed if I just glanced at her casually. She had on the black stockings, which hid the wetness, and her skirt had obviously been in contact with the stockings but if she hadn’t sat in the car, it might not have been noticeable. Watching her peel off the wet stockings and panties after dropping her skirt to the floor were hard to bear. I was afraid my bulging cock would be visible in the baggy shorts

Her eyes looked sad as she accepted the glass of wine, and I fought the urge to take her there in the garage. Instead, I collected her wet clothes to take to the laundry area, and suggested she rinse off in the downstairs shower stall. Wine in hand, she numbly shuffled off in that direction.

Unbeknownst to my wife, I was an expert in dealing with urine stained clothes. I had seen people complain about staining or clean-up, but I found that simple, immediate treatment ensured no further complications. I took her clothes and put them in one side of the laundry sink, where I ran some chilly water with a cup of white vinegar and let it soak. When it came time to wash the clothes, normal detergent would take care of it. Baking soda added to the wash could help, if needed, but quick action prevented any further remediation. It was odd in a way that my kink was training for the next phase of my marriage.

*002*2025-08-17 18:08

That was 2000 words or so, and I finished the first draft of the story at 7800. Should I delete this thread and submit the completed story as a new one, or add it to this one, or keep both up? I see people publish little parts and then keep adding, but it is a complete story at 7800 words. (With room for more adventures later).

I never intended to participate in fiction on here; I have an erotica site I typically publish at.

I haven't enjoyed writing a story this much in many months. FWIW.

