Sun and Moon, Faust style

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2016-12-06 05:19

Faust simply couldn't resist....After playing through so many of the games, and having been driven for a good story to write through in such a while...Faust has finally caved, and decided to write one that runs along a familiar storyline...

A Pokemon storyline! Faust figured he could write a bit of a story about Pokemon things...Though, for this time, it won't be an interactive. No, Faust wants to write his own sort of experience with the game....[Moon, in case one asks]....And, as a result...here we are!

Though, Faust will warn...This first section is less on the lewd fun, and more on the....well, plot. And, most importantly...

There are possible spoilers that will be throughout the story. Especially for this first chapter. If you have not played the games, and wish to remain unspoiled...Faust highly advises you to shy away from this story. Faust apologizes.....

So, with a sizable little gap...and some work..Faust presents....

[Faust's adventures in Sun/Moon]

===

[Spoiler-inducing Plot starts here]

'Alright....This is it.'

The boy had been plotting this for weeks....Saved up his allowance for months on end, and waited. He knew it wasn't a good idea...He knew that his mother would be upset, but....

'The way they treat it.....' he thought, with a cringe as he thought back to the first time he saw...it.. They were running some kind of experiment, and it went out of control....So, they sealed it with some kind of.....mask.

And, what's worse...They continued to experiment on it....trying...failing...and freezing it between attempts. Even if they all insisted that it didn't matter...That it was just a tool...A means to an end......He knew better. Just because the adults thought he was too young to understand...He could see the pain in it's eyes....

He couldn't say why, but he felt a bond with it.....and he had to do this, even if his mother would hate him for it. Even if he'd have to leave her behind.... He couldn't let it remain tortured by those cruel experiments.....

He glanced down at the rucksack along his back..... He didn't have a bunch of supplies....but, he took what he could gather. He wouldn't be able to return ever again.......

'I'm sorry...' he thought back, remembering the face of another...Someone he had to leave behind.... 'But...this is something only I can do..'

A figure in a white outfit paced by, and the boy flattened himself against the wall. He had to make use of his small frame to get through this....To pull this off.

'If I'm found doing this, there won't be any second chances.' he thought to himself....As the figure paced by him....And he had his chance. The boy scampered as quietly as he could across the halls, towards a certain door...And cautiously pushed open the door......Nervously peering in. One person, and this whole thing would be for naught......

But, he breathed the smallest sighs of relief. There was no one....As he had hoped. The boy opened the door, and moved over to a familiar panel...Having watched the scientists do it so many times.....

'I'm here..' he thought, sliding his hands over a button, and pressing it...

Kshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.....

He could hear the machine coming to life, and the being he had come to save slowly rearing it's head again.

It was like something out of a horror movie that almost resembled a dog....... An axe blade on it's head, mounted on top of a rust-colored mask that hid it's face....Green Talons in place of front legs....A dorsal fin in place of a tail...feathers in place of the dog's neck, and seemingly mundane hind legs, were adorned with violet scales. To the common eye, it was an abomination....To the scientists, a stepping stone in pursuing a greater goal.....But to him, it was an animal that had succumbed to far too many tortuous experiments....Pushed far too hard to accomplish something it couldn't do in the unreasonable time period they expected it to. Perhaps it was the horrid expectations that lead the boy to form an attachment with it.....

"They call you Type: Null..." the boy called to himself, as the being started to rise up. "Saying you're 'Nothing.' ......That if you can't meet their goals, you're worthless.."

The monster gave a sort of low growl, crimson eyes behind the mask glaring back at the boy as he dug through his bag...And pulled out a small spherical object. Red on the top, white on the bottom....

"I don't know if this will even work, but.." the boy called, holding it up. "I can't very carry you out of here. But maybe..."

The being lunged at this, pouncing on the boy, as it let out a sharp cry. The boy flinched..... Was Null becoming feral again?

The green talons dug into his outfit, shredding the fabric like tissue paper...As the being glared down at him...Crimson eyes looking like they were gazing into his soul.

"I'm not your enemy....." He quietly called, as he felt the talons digging a bit deeper. "I'm here to help you....If you'll let me."

The being showed no signs of understanding, feeling as if it was about to tear him into pieces....Before it relented, and backed up off of him. The boy slowly pushed himself into a sitting position, before climbing to his feet again, not once breaking eye contact.

"Will you trust me, Null?" He called, the being looking back at him silently. For a few moments, the tension in the air was palpable....Before it slowly knelt down on it's talons, and lowered it's head in what was unmistakably a bow. The boy gave the smallest of smiles, as he moved to pick the ball up off the floor from when he was tackled....And lightly tapped it against the beast's mask.

To his marvel and relief, the beast was suddenly encompassed in a red light, as the sphere opened up....and the being was whisked away into the object. It rocked a few times in his grip, before closing with a soft Ka-lick....And he held it up.

"I promise I'll keep you safe...Null.." he solemnly swore to himself, tucking the ball away and starting out. The hard part had been over....Now, he just had to make it back....

He wanted to go back to his sister's room...He wanted to bid her farewell...To let her know his plan...But....

'I can't...I shouldn't take any unnecessary risks..' he thought to himself, riding the lift up to the docks, and tugging the straps of his bag firmly. 'I've already done the hard part....Now, I just need to..'

He wished he had a hat. If he did, he could have easily passed off as just another tourist of the area....He could have slipped out in the broad daylight off of the island. But, as it was.....

"So, your mind is made up Master?" a woman's voice called, as the boy closed his eyes...cringing a bit as he held his hand over his face.

"Yes...." he called, firmly. "It's too late to back out now. I've already taken Null, so..."

The woman's voice didn't seem upset...More, amused.

"Stealing a pokeball, and then taking such an important tool.....You know she won't be happy with you."

"Well, with a mother like that, I'd rather be an Orphan." the boy sneered, turning with a glare. "Is the boat ready?"

"Of course, Master." the woman mused, bowing. "Just remember. No matter what, you'll always have a place here, Master G.."

"Don't give me that sappy talk.." he snapped back, pacing on. "If I never come back here, it'll be too soon. Just....Do me a favor, will you?"

"Anything, my young master." the woman called, leading the boy out. For a few moments, the two were silent...As the boy gave a last, fleeting look to the upper part of the building.

"Watch after her for me, will you?" he stated, in just as firm a tone as he had with Null.

"I'll keep an eye on your sister as best I can...Master." the woman mused to him....As he stepped onto the boat.

"Thank you..."

.....

.....

.....

After a ride that seemingly lasted forever, the boy could feel his heart finally returning to a normal pace, as he started off the boat and towards the first building he could recognize.

"Do you have any rooms for rent here?" he demanded immediately, as the woman behind the counter turned to look at him.

"Ah...We sure do, but aren't you a bit young..?" she asked...as he reach into his bag, and pulled out a large stack of bills...Slapping them down on the counter.

"I'd like to reserve one for as long as this will get me." he stated firmly, "That's not a problem, is it?"

"Well..No.." the woman started. "But...This would cover you for several months...maybe even years! Are you sure you want to spend this much money? You might be able to buy a house for this much..."

"I don't care.." the boy snapped firmly, as the woman looked visibly uncomfortable at taking such an offer... "I just need a place to stay for a while."

"Well.....okay. If you say so." the woman called, picking up a key from behind the counter, and holding it to the boy. "Two doors down on your right. Just...Um..make yourself at home then."

"I will..." the boy called, taking the key...and starting out. As he paced down the outside, he saw the sun coming up...and gave a small sigh.

'She's probably waking up about now..' he thought to himself, before shaking his head. 'I'm sorry...But..I had to do it. Forgive your brother...would you?'

This was his life now....His, and Null's. He looked at the pokeball with a tensed, almost angry sigh....before sliding the key into his door, and starting in.

Grogginess hit him like a wave from the ocean finally crashing ashore. He barely had the energy to shut his door, and drop his bag before collapsing onto the makeshift bed. It wasn't as fancy, or regal as the one he was used to, but...

It was good enough. It'd have to do, for as long as he would keep this up.....

.....

........

Several miles later, a younger girl would be waking up to a damp bed of her own, blushing brightly and sniffling.

"A..Ah...Uwahh.." she lightly stated, rubbing her eyes. "I.it happened again. I...I hope Big brother can help me with the mattress again....."

She shuddered to think of how her mother would scold her if she knew she was still having problems with wetting the bed. She just...had so many bad dreams....And she couldn't help it.

She gingerly hopped off the bed to inspect the damage, her own pajamas soaked and cold from the experience. She took a few calming breaths, before moving to sneak through the hallways...To a room that she didn't know was now vacant. With no letter telling of his destination, no explanation of why.....Where....or how. She didn't know how rough the next few years would be...How much his little break-out affected their 'Research' she was unaware about...And, most worrying of all.....

....

.....

She had no idea she herself would go through the same thing in a few years time....With an entirely different pokemon, abused for it's power and potential. Not to mention, a much less clean getaway......

====SpoilerEndslinehere=======

......

....

.......

"....ust........Fa..st....Faust!" another voice called, snapping a similarly young boy out of a trance, quite a while later. "Wake up! We've finally arrived in the Alola Region!"

The boy in this case lightly shook his head, emerald hair matted to his neck from the heat of the area invading the windows of the moving truck. He let out a quiet sigh at this...As the woman nudged him gently.

"C'mon, don't be all pouty! We're in Alola now! It's a Beautiful island paradise!" she called happily, grinning. "I know you miss it back in Kanto, but you'll come to love it here...I just know you will!"

"Yeah....I guess." The boy sulked, lightly closing his eyes as the woman opened the door, the beautiful, bright sunlight permeating the air....And lightly jarring the boy's attempts at dozing off again.

"And I've got an old friend that I think you'll just love to meet!" the woman added, grinning. "Especially since you just had your birthday!"

"Yeah, Mom.. While we were Moving." he snapped, clearly sounding bitter. "I sure loved skipping out on a party and all that."

"Well, what I have planned is even better than a party." She mused, grinning. "but...I think I'll let you wait and see..."

The boy gave a low leer at his mother, as several figures that had the muscles of body builders, but greyed skin and four arms appeared from the mover's pokeballs.....Pokemon, meant to carry heavy loads for them.

"For now, I'd say just get settled. Maybe take a look around town honey?" the mother called, gently nudging the boy. "Get a real feel for the area, you know?"

"I'd rather get some sleep.." the boy admitted, as the woman chuckled, and shook her head.

"At least give the place a chance." she mused, grinning. "Then, you can just sleep your life away like a Komala."

"Fine, fine.." the boy grumbled, slinking away with a sigh.

Alola was...bright that was for sure. And, everything looked so vibrant and full of life. Something that he clashed with horribly....

"Can't believe we just moved out here.." Faust mumbled to himself, stifling another yawn. "Says she loves all of the pokemon here, but won't even let me get one. I swear..."

It seemed like a nice sort of getaway...But not a place he wanted to stay. Kanto had been a bit adventurous in the past with Team Rocket, but....It was generally a safe experience. He had been excited to be getting his first pokemon, but with his mother's impeccable timing...

They were on the road when he was supposed to be talking to professor Oak.....When he could have gotten a Charmander, a Bulbasaur, or a Squirtle.

'Hell, even a pikachu would have been fine.' he thought to himself, sighing. 'Do they even do anything like that here in Alola? I heard there were no gyms around here. They don't even have a pokemon league...So, they might not even have someone passing out pokemon....'

He couldn't hide his disappointment as he passed through the small town...Seeing people greet one another, but generally avoiding him. He could already feel it...

He didn't belong, and he would end up hating every minute of his time in Alola. Nobody wanted to speak with an outsider, and without a pokemon, he didn't dare to walk into the tall grass. He was about to double back and go back home, when a voice caught his ears.

"You..want to go to the ruins Nebby?" a girl's voice called...looking like she was speaking into a sports bag. The bag, most surprisingly, seemed to rock back and forth at her side.....And emitted some sort of sound.

'Pew....'

.....

He looked the girl over once more, seeing long...flowing blonde hair, wearing a white dress..With a matching, if oversized beach-like hat.

She seemed a bit out of the ordinary too....And, for lack of anything better to catch his attention...The boy found himself following her.....Wondering...

'What is she doing...?'

==========

Faust hopes you enjoyed reading so far...and hopes to have more up for you all soon.

*006*2016-12-08 05:47

Faust kept following the girl for a few minutes, careful to hide behind any cover he passed...As the girl paced along the pathway.

'I feel like some kind of stalker..' the boy thought to himself with a small cringe, watching as she walked...And her bag swayed side to side with every step of her hips. Or...was it just her hips?

....

'Grah...Now I just feel like a creep..' the boy thought to himself, starting to turn around. 'I should just go, before she finds me and gets the wrong ide-'

RREEEA...

The boy ducked down almost entirely on instinct, as what looked like a small sparrow suddenly rocketed down from the skies...Zooming past him, and zipping towards the girl. It was a bit of a shock for him...and even moreso for the girl that let out a sharp yell of surprise.

"A..Uwah!" she called out, a hand covering her bag, and one holding her hat on. Yet, as she started forward, towards a cliff...Naught but a rickety wooden bridge leading towards something that looked ancient.....Faust could swear he saw the bag flail more wildly than before. As he slowly started after the girl, he could see the bag's zipper slowly coming undone.....before....

"Pew!"

Something flew out of the girl's bag and to the center of the bridge...Looking like some kind of small puff ball, with two purple puffs extended from small black arms.....and a yellow tail. He could make out some small golden eyes..and a tiny face on the central puff....

But, as he was getting a better look at it, the sparrow seemed to beckon forth friends.....Two more like it starting to circle around, and dive at the little fluff-ball. The girl looked like she wanted to help...But she was frozen stiff...Faust himself flinched a bit, lightly cringing..

"Oh jeez..." the boy called to himself, as he dared to inch a bit closer...the girl suddenly turning

"A..Ah..? Who are you..?" the girl called in a low voice..Before her eyes widened, and she shook her head....Quickly interjecting before he could introduce himself. "I...I beg you...Save Nebby!"

Faust hesitated for the lightest of moments....The blonde girl's big doe eyes making him lightly flush...

'She's..kind of cute..' he thought, before giving the girl a firm nod...And taking a deep breath. 'This is probably the dumbest thing I've ever done..'

He always had a bit of trouble refusing people requests. Especially girls....As he took a daring first step onto the bridge.

Crrrrrrrrrrrrrrrkkkk

...That was a worrying sound. The boy steadily grew more uneasy as he kept pacing...The creaking, rocking, and shaking of the bridge making his position no more relaxing than before.

'I don't even have any pokemon. What am I gonna do? Just grab one, and start punching it?'

The thought was amusing enough to prompt a chuckle, but even that was taken from him as the bridge suddenly ROCKED, making him stumble and nearly tumble over immediately.

'Fine! Fine! I won't think funny thoughts!' he thought, as he inched closer...seeing the little ball of puff cowering in fear...as the sparrows kept diving at it....Making angry caws at it. They seemed...much smaller up close....

....

'Okay, maybe a little jab..' he thought, gripping his fist tightly...

Before another vicious shake of the bridge knocked him off his feet, and nearly atop the little puffball. What had originally been a half-hearted swatting away became the boy shielding 'Nebby' with his body.....

'We..well..didn't fall off. I mean how bad can these things hurt?'

'RRRRROWW!'

A sudden flash of pain, and he could feel a sharp pain in his back. The sparrow had slashed at him with it's talons...and contrary to it's small stature..

"G.Gah..D..Damn that hurt..!" the boy cringed, one hand sliding back to cover his injured back..As another pair of attacks plunged into him....feeling like someone smacking him with a bat. The boy cringed, but did his best to curl up around the small ball of puff.....determined to protect it, if nothing else...

Shhhnnnnnnnn

'.....Why does that not sound any more comforting?'

Faust barely had any time to react before what felt like a small, localized explosion erupted....pushing the sparrows away......And also completely blowing the shaky wooden bridge apart.

".....Shi-"

There wasn't enough time to even properly curse his own fate....Admittedly by his own inability to tell a girl 'No'......before he suddenly started to plunge down the cliff side. He could be grateful that the attacks on him had stopped......But not much else.

'So, one freakin' Day in this region, and I'm already done for? Sounds about right...'

Faust merely closed his eyes at this, clutching the...surprisingly un-fluffy pokemon in his grip. He was almost surprised...For something that looked soft, 'Nebby' felt..anything but. It wasn't easy to touch...but it wasn't overly coarse. It just felt...foreign.

As he was debating the intricacies of the little thing's fluffs, he suddenly felt something grip him firmly and another rush of wind....But going the opposite way.

"....Ah..?" He dared to open his eyes after a bit, feeling himself being dumped off at the front of the bridge where he had started across...next to the blonde girl. But, on his other side, a mysterious...being stood.

It looked partly like one of the totems that were commonplace when regarding the Alola area....But, with a black body in the center....Orange plume in the place of legs, and a hairstyle that resembled a rooster's mane, but taller. It seemed to rock in place for a few moments, a mixture of blue, green, and yellow eyes looking him over.....And then ZOOMING off as quickly as it arrived, leaving naught but golden flashes in it's wake.

"What was..." Faust started, as the girl moved over, kneeling down.

"Are you okay? Are you hurt?" she called, as the boy gently blushed...before glancing down.

"A..Ah..I think the little guy's fine...Maybe a bit frazzled.." he called, figuring immediately the girl was talking about 'Nebby.' The little thing rocked a bit in his arms...and he could see a small smile on it's face.

'Pew!!'

"Well...That's good too.." the girl called, before starting to nudge Faust forward a bit. "But...I was talking about you. Those Spearow looked like they did a number on you.."

...

'O..Oh..'

"A..Ah...I'm fine.." Faust answered quietly, his gaze not meeting hers. "I...I've taken rougher...'

He wasn't entirely lying, but he didn't feel entirely truthful. It was...odd to have someone actually worrying about him, rather than...

"Hey, what are you doing all the way out here?" another voice called, as the two turned...and Faust was greeted with...another strange sight.

An unfamiliar man. Looked about middle aged...with tanned skin, a wide open lab coat....Grey Shorts, and a white cap. As he paced closer, Faust could see a goatee on the man's chin, and a pair of glasses..with some slightly dark lenses.....And..a smile?

"O...Oh, Professor.." the girl's voice called, as Faust's eyes went wide.

"P..Professor?!" Faust couldn't help but cry out in surprise...comparing him to what he'd known of Oak. Oak was a much older, wrinkled man...but this man....

'He...He could practically be my dad...or an older brother..!' he thought, as the man chuckled.

"Yep! Professor Kukui's the name." the man called, with a chuckle. "I heard from your mother you were coming around...So, I figured i'd come find ya! After all, I heard it was somebody's birthday recently..."

".....It...was..?" Faust called, more than a little surprised at how much the 'Professor' knew about him....As the girl lightly bowed her head.

"Oh...Happy belated birthday..?" she called quietly, as the boy turned.

"Thanks..?" he called, as his brain started slowly putting the pieces together....

"And, well...it may be late cousin, but I think I know just the present for you!" Kukui called, with the sort of familiar, casual grin he'd expect from an actual relative about to give him a gift.

"....Are you going to give me a pokemon?!" Faust asked, his dreary facade finally starting to crack...

"Oh, I'm not going to." Kukui responded, immediately crushing Faust's hopes.... "But....The Kahuna is."

"Oh...Ah?! The...The Kahuna..?" the boy called, as Kukui held out a hand.

"C'mon, we can go see him now." he stated, the boy taking his hand eagerly, and pulling himself to his feet. It was finally happening..! He was getting...

A pokemon!

"So, I see you've met my assistant, Lillie." Kukui called, snapping the boy out of his trance a bit.

"Ah...Oh yeah..." he replied a bit, still a bit averse to meeting her eyes...As the girl spoke up.

"Yes....this boy here saved Nebby...." the girl answered for him, quietly. "And...Tapu Koko appeared to save him."

Kukui's eyebrows raised at this, turning his head as they walked.

"Oh? Tapu Koko itself came to your aid?" he asked...as the boy nodded.

"I..erm..I think..? Yeah..?" Faust answered a bit roughly...unsure. Though, any uneasiness was swept away as the professor merely chuckled, giving off another bright smile.

"Well, sounds like you've had a hell of a first day in Alola, cousin." Kukui called, as the town finally came into view anew. "New home...Pokemon attacks..and meeting our island guardian....and the day's not even over yet!"

"R..right.." Faust answered nervously, still taking in what had just happened. He'd nearly died...but had been saved by a guardian..? And...Now he was getting a pokemon?

'If I'm asleep in the truck still, I'm gonna be SO bummed out.' the boy thought to himself as they started into the center of the city....Where a mountain of a man stood...With white hair, dark skin...and a bright yellow alolan shirt over a blue one.

'That must be..' Faust thought to himself, as Kukui waved his hand.

"Ah! Hala! I managed to find him!" Kukui mused, with a grin. "He had a bit of a run in with some trouble, but he's safe now!"

"Ah....Good to see that you are safe, Faust." the giant of a man called...The boy slowly moving alongside Kukui.

"Um..Yeah..." he answered shyly, eyes glancing downward again. "Um...How do you..."

"Know about you?" The giant of a man finished, with a chuckle. "Your mother passed the message along a while back. She knew your birthday was going to be around the time you moved here...So, we've been planning this for a while."

...Suddenly, his mother sending him out on a walk seemed like it was more thought out than he intended. He felt kind of bad for how he had written off so many people as ignoring him for being an 'outsider' now...Given that several people knew of him already, but with him barely knowing anyone.

"In case you didn't catch it...This here is the Kahuna of our Island." Kukui stated, gesturing at the large man. "Kahuna Hala....A.K.A., the one who's going to be giving you your pokemon."

The boy felt himself tense up again...thinking about it. His first pokemon.....

It was basically everyone's dream to be a proper pokemon trainer...Or, even to one day be more than just an average trainer. He'd spent several times playing through little games, and simulations...Always watching, but never being allowed to have his own....

Until now....

...

"Um...Ah...What..." the boy started, before shaking his head a bit. "What..are my options? Do I get a choice? Or..."

He felt a firm hand clasp on his shoulder, as Kukui laughed a bit louder than he expected.

"It's okay Faust." he assured, leaning a bit. "Deep breaths. Calm down. Of course you get a choice."

Faust let out a breath he didn't know he was holding....Partly at having some control over what he got, and partly from the still-very-much-sore injuries on his back. Hala reach into his pocket, and tossed out three pokeballs at this...The spheres opening up to form three separate beings.....

A small, round owl...with brown feathers, and a white face....A black cat, with red whiskers, and red fur....And what looked like a small, deep blue seal...with a bright, pink nose.

"Now..which will you choose? The grass type, Rowlet? The Fire Type, Litten, or the water type, Popplio?"

At each one's name, the boy heard them make appropriate sounds. Rowlet made a hooting noise, Litten made a sharp meow....and Popplio let out a perky bark, like a seal. It was...an important choice to make....

One that he felt would affect the rest of his life...

==========

Authornote: Faust apologizes if it's a touch.... Dry for now. Faust just wanted to set the scene a bit, before he got more than a touch creative with the..applications and needs one would come across as a pokemon trainer. Faust hopes you all enjoyed the update regardless, and that you look forward to what's to come.....

AuthorNote: Oh, speaking of...! Faust has two questions to ask of you all! One that's an opinion, and one that's actually relevant to the story!

[Question 1: (Opinion)]

Which starter would You/do you Choose in pokemon games?

[Question 2: (Story Relevance)]

Faust is Thinking of the position of the 'Friendly Rival', Hau. Would one want Faust to keep Hau in the story....Or, Replace him with...Let's say, an 'Alolan Form' of a female character of Faust's? It would mostly be the same role, but with a girl, instead of a boy....

*014*2016-12-18 05:59

Faust glanced over the trio of pokemon a few times more....Pondering.

"I understand if you are having trouble choosing.." the Kahuna, Hala, started. "Your first pokemon is a very important choice. One that will affect you for the rest of your journey."

The boy nodded, glancing at the trio once again.....And closing his eyes.

'Whatever I choose...will be my first, partner pokemon..' he thought...Before moving over, and gesturing at the small, black and red cat.

"The Fire type, Litten." Faust called, as Hala chuckled...

"Very well then..." Hala started, before gesturing to the other side of a wooden platform...That looked ancient. "Now..stand over there, and let us see if Litten chooses you as it's trainer."

Faust flinched at this....suddenly far more anxious than he expected to be.

"U..Um...R..Right.." he called, moving over to the other side, and waiting...standing...worrying..

'W..what happens if Litten doesn't pick me? D..Do I have to choose again? O..or do I..end up as a failure as a trainer..?' Faust thought, worrying over what felt like a million things....As the small cat pawed it's way up.....And then started to quietly pace across the platform.

Faust felt an immense relief wash over him as the cat pokemon leaned up against him..and softly purred.

"It seems Litten has chosen you as well, Faust." Hala called, and Faust gently knelt down...Wrapping his hands around it's fur, and lifting it up.

"Ahaha....I have it..." he called to himself, feeling his eyes well up a bit. "My...first pokemon.."

"Rrrowww." Litten mewled, as Faust set the pokemon down, Hala handing him a pokeball.

"This pokeball belongs to Litten." Hala stated, with a big smile. "I am proud to say, it is yours now. Happy Birthday, Faust."

Faust smiled, and gently pressed the button on the ball, Litten vanishing in a flash of light. He gently cupped it at his side, feeling a sense of accomplishment filling him.

"You should totally go show your mom that new pokemon, Cousin." the tall, exuberant figure of Kukui called, grinning as he put his hands on his hips. "You'll make an amazing pokemon trainer. I just know it, Faust."

The boy lightly brushed the hair from his eyes, and glanced to the side, nodding.

"Y..Yeah. I'll go show her no-" he started, as the scampering of feet could be heard.

"Holllllld it! Hollllllllld everything!" an unfamiliar voice called...A bit high, and feminine. Faust saw a girl sprinting forth with black hair, a red hat that reminded him of a rooster's comb......A bright yellow sunny shirt...and some...very short light green shorts.

"Come on, Come on! You must be Faust! Let's Battle!" the mysterious girl called, pulling out a pokeball of her own.

"What kind of person would challenge someone without giving their name?" Hala mused, as the girl gave out a small groan.

"He could call me ???! It's been done!" the girl mused, before gesturing. "But, I'm Moon! And we're going to have a battle! Like Rivals!"

Faust felt a bit nervous at the girl's sudden challenge..and raw enthusiasm, but he nervously unclipped the ball from his belt, and held it out.

"Huhuhuuu... As your rival, I've meticulously planned how this is going to go.." Moon mused, with a grin. "And I've picked the perfect counter! Naturally, you'd choose the last one shown, as it was the strongest.....So I've picked..."

She flung out the ball, and the small owl Faust had a chance to get popped out.

"The Grass type! Which is super effective against your.."

"Go, Litten." Faust called quietly, tossing the ball with a bit of effort, Moon's eyes going wide.

"WHAAAAAAA?!" she called out dramatically, her arm flourishing to her face. "But...But...No matter! I will still beat you! Let's go Rowlet!"

Faust glanced down at Litten, and glanced back up.

"Litten, can you use any fire moves?" Faust asked the small cat....As it let out a resounding 'Mrrow'

"Well, usually they're too low level to know any.." Moon started lightly, as Litten leaped up, and spat out a small fireball...an Ember. "AHH!! Rowlet, Rowlet dodge!"

The own took the small ember a bit roughly, it's eyes squeezing shut as it flapped back a bit.

"Well...Rowlet! Tackle!" she called, the owl flapping hurriedly, and starting towards Litten. Faust watched it get knocked back, flipping over a bit as he gasped a bit.

"A..Ah..Litten, are you okay?" He called, the cat moving back to his feet. "Okay...Good..good... Let's see if another Ember can finish it!"

Litten meowed again, before leaping and spitting out another burst of fire. The owl tried to manuver around, but the fire landed on it...And the owl slowly rolled over, x-es over it's eyes.

"A..Ahh..Noooo....!" Moon called softly, moving over. "I loooooost..."

Faust breathed a small sigh of relief, kneeling down to gently brush some of the dirt out of Litten's fur.

"So....I guess this means I have to give you something..." Moon called, softly. "But..I don't have any money on me.....Whatever will I do..?"

......

Faust's mind went a few places, before his face lit up like his pokemon..As he shook his head.

"A..Ah...It's fine..It's fine." Faust stammered back, as the girl giggled, and stood up.

"Good battle, Faust. I'm glad to call you my rival." she called, grinning. "For now though, I can't wait to see you again tomorrow!"

Faust chuckled a bit, and turned to Hala..Bowing once more.

"Thank you..." he called, lightly. "You, and Kukui....Thank you for all of this.."

"Don't worry about it, Cousin." Kukui mused, waving a hand. "Just make that Litten the strongest one you can!"

Faust nodded his head, and started to head home at this....looking considerably cheerier than he had that morning.

"Welcome home, Faust." his mother called, with a chuckle. "I see you've found out the surprise.."

"Yeah....I got my first pokemon...and had my first battle!" Faust called out with a smile, as she paced over.

"Well, why don't you introduce me then?" She mused, the boy pulling out the pokeball again..and tossing it down a bit.

"Mrrowww." LItten mused, as Faust's mother gestured herself...A small, bipedal cat with cream colored fur.

"Meeeoww.." the cat mewled, purring at the black and red cat.

"Mrrrr." Litten softly purred, as the two looked at each other....As if coming to some mutual understanding.

"Heh..That little one is cute, and cool." Faust's mother called, with a grin. "Have you decided what to call her?"

....

"Ah..? How do you know..?" Faust asked, as his mother grinned.

"Woman's intuition." she called, with a grin. "Now...make sure you rest up! Tomorrow's likely going to be a big day! Your birthday's not over, after all."

Faust nodded a bit, and moved along. In his family, they tended to celebrate birthdays for a decently fair amount of time than just the single day. Faust started to head up to his room at this, letting Litten follow him.

'What do I even call her? I mean..I've never nicknamed a pokemon before....Or even had one..' Faust thought to himself, starting to change into his pajamas. 'I'll..think about something....'

He let out a small yawn....And started to lay down....

...

....

Th-Thump...

Faust was jarred awake by something at this...something whirring outside his window. Faust hesitantly glanced over to the window...seeing a familiar shade of golden......

"W..what..?" he thought to himself, before starting to head out of his house...following the golden shine....

"Koko..." a somewhat familiar sound called, as he saw it again...

The being from before......

"Tapu..Koko..?" Faust called, as the being moved over...Gently placing a black hand on the boy's arm. Faust glanced down at it...before suddenly feeling some kind of ring forming on his wrist. Faust's eyes widened...As the being suddenly gestured to the side. Faust glanced in the direction..seeing someone wandering about....

"Who is.." Faust started, before Tapu Koko seemingly vanished into thin air. Faust held his breath a bit, before moving back inside....putting Litten inside of it's pokeball...And starting to head out.

'Maybe it's a trainer....or..' Faust thought, tensing up. 'Or...Maybe it's something like Team Rocket..'

He gulped a bit, pondering if he could handle it. Would he be able to fight well, with just a Litten? He inched closer, still in his pajamas....Moving down, as....

"Huwahh......It happened again.." a familiar voice called, as the boy's body relaxed. "I figured that kind of thing never happens, no matter what you do in games..but..But..."

"Moon..?" Faust called, the girl suddenly seizing up.

"Eeeeeek...!" the girl called, suddenly spinning around...A huge dark wet patch on her thighs. It seemed she also was up in the middle of the night, but.. "This..this isn't what it looks like!"

Faust flushed a bit, the girl throwing her arms up to try to block his view of something...before suddenly dropping her hands down to her damp crotch.

"I..I didn't..I..I just kind of spilled....and..and......." the girl whimpered, her eyes starting to water. "P..please don't.....anything..."

"It's okay.." Faust called, lightly. "I mean..it happens, right?"

"Nonono! It's embarrassing!" the girl called, covering her face. "I just...there's a bunch of really good drinks, and sometimes I can't stop drinking it, and..and....Haaawah..."

Faust blushed a bit from the girl's mentions...his own mind wandering a bit, before he let his hand rest on the girl's head.

"Hwah..?" Moon called, as Faust gently rubbed her head.

"It's fine....Don't worry." he said again, but in a softer voice. "I mean....you're just kind of doing something you like, right? And I bet the stuff here is really tasty...Hell, I might need to try some of these drinks sometime.."

The girl sniffled a bit, flushing as she looked up at the boy.

"So...um..Don't worry about it. I'm not gonna say anything...I won't tell anyone...Or any of that.."

There was a small silence, as the girl's eyes went down..

"Thank you.." she mused quietly, blushing....before suddenly looking back up at his eyes. "And..I won't tell anyone that you was staring at me with those lusty eyes.."

"....Wha?!" Faust snapped back, blushing bright red. "I...ah..I wasn't...I..."

"Hehehe..Just joking." Moon mused back, spinning around and wiggling her pajama-clad bottom, complete with wet patch circling her hips. "I wouldn't worry if you were staring at me all naughtily. Look all you want: Just noooo touching~"

"I WASN'T STARING!" Faust practically Shouted at the girl, as she giggled.

"I know, I know." Moon mused. "I just..you were acting like some kind of cool-guy..and i just wanted to see you get all flustered. Though, if someone sees us out like this...There might be some kind of stories that'll be going around."

"I'll pass on being rumored about on day one.." Faust called, turning. "I..erm..You'll be fine, right?"

"Yeah, I'll be okay." Moon mused, starting to go back. "Go back to sleep, Faust!"

"R..right." Faust called with a blush, starting back to his home....quietly releasing Litten back onto the floor...and crawling into bed...

'Today...wasn't all that bad.' Faust thought, closing his eyes. 'No...I think I might even like it here in Alola..'

Yeah..it would be nice......

====

Authornote: ^_^ Faust hopes you all enjoyed this latest entry! Faust has been thinking long and hard, and decided on his replacement as he did....Faust hopes people enjoy it. Hmm..How to keep involved...

Faust knows! Faust is curious if there are any characters people are excited to meet in-Story!

If enough people are interested in a person in the pokemon-verse....Faust might be able to pull a few strings ahead of time....

*021*2016-12-21 04:19

The next morning came by way too fast for Faust's liking....Though, for the first time waking up in the morning in Alola....It could have been worse. He rolled over to see the small black cat Litten resting by his bed.

'Heh..was half worried that was all a dream.' he thought to himself, glancing down at the mysterious ring Tapu Koko had gifted him. He had no idea what it was, but..

'Mrrroww...'

As he was pondering, Litten woke up, yawning and mewling loudly. Faust smiled, and gently pet the pokemon, getting himself out of bed.

"Right...Morning, Litten." He called, still at a loss for a name, but relying on it's regular name. The boy started to change into his outfit, when a sudden knocking at the door caught his attention.

"Ah..?" he called, pulling on his shirt and tugging up his pants as he opened his room. His mother was half-splayed out on the couch, passing a glance at him.

"Mmmmth...See who it is, honey. Mommy spent all night unpacking."

....

He noticed that there was a mass of boxes that didn't look like they had even been touched, as he sighed.

'That's mom for ya..' he thought. starting towards it. He gently opened the door, half-expecting the girl from last night, Moon, to appear...but...

"Ah....! G..Good morning.."

Faust flinched...It wasn't Moon, but..the blonde girl from the bridge. The professor's assistant.......Lillie, wasn't it?

"G...Good morning.." Faust stammered back, flushing a bit. Something about the girl always..kind of put him on edge, but in a good way. He hoped...

An awkward silence filled the air between the two, as Lillie's eyes gazed the other way..Hands clenching the bag on her shoulder.

"P..Professor Kukui sent me to get you." Lillie started, in the same low, soft tone. "He...said he had something else to give you.."

"Professor Kukui?" Faust mouthed, lightly tilting his head. "What does...."

"Kukui? Where?" The figure of his mother sounded, appearing in a flash at the mention of the....mildly exhibitionist professor. Faust let out a small sigh, as he turned to her.

"False alarm: Go back to sleep." Faust called, the woman looking around...before sulking, and moving back to the couch.

"I really would have liked to see more of him....."

"Well, if you come to the lab.." Lillie started, as Faust held up a finger to his lips, and shook his head. He turned, but thankfully his mother had merely collapsed on the couch again, in a heap of exhaustion. Faust breathed a small sigh of relief, and nodded towards the girl.

"Let's...um...get out of here, before she gets back up." He called, returning Litten to his pokeball, and starting out of the house. Lillie gently stepped away from the door to give him some space, as he lightly brushed the back of his head.

"Is she...always like that?" Lillie inquired quietly, as Faust lightly flushed.

"You mean acting like she's been stranded in the middle of a desert for weeks? Yeah.." Faust started quietly. "She..kind of makes eyes at everyone that suits her fancy."

"I..erm..I see.." Lillie started, her eyes seeming to wander a bit..Looking a bit..sad? As she did though, she softly gasped. "Um...Faust..you uh..."

"Hm..? What?" Faust asked back, as the girl's head turned a bit...and she mumbled.

"Your um...your fly is down."

A bright red flush made it's way to the boy's face as he quietly zipped up...And loudly cleared his throat.

"R..Right..Um...To the lab?" he hastily segued, the girl nodding.

"R..right. It's down here, by the beachside.."

A surprisingly short trip from his own house, coming down to a shack by the shore of the island. Faust took a few moments to appreciate the bright, sunny atmosphere he now lived in...The warm sea breeze brushing over him...

'Yeah..This isn't too bad..' he thought to himself, before a sudden CRASHING could be heard from inside the shed.

"Yes! Like that Rockruff! Come at me!" the professor's shouting being heard through the walls. "My Body is ready! Let me have it!"

....

Faust was growing ever unsure of the professor's degree in whatever the term for pokemon was..but he hesitantly paced over..As Lillie gave a small sigh.

"He...researches moves, by having them performed on him." she explained, quietly. "He was nice enough to let me live there, but....He tends to....Yeah."

Nothing more needed to be said in that regard, as the boy nodded, the two moving closer to the shack. For a few moments, Faust hesitated...before reaching for the door to open, when..

SLAM

"Ah! Come on in!" a familiar voice called, the girl from the previous night. "You're just in time to see the professor taking another Tackle from Rockruff! Man, he's so tough.....Ah?"

Faust was sure his nose was broken at this point....Feeling something running down his face. The hard, wooden frame had smashed into his face at Moon's energetic opening....And he could do nothing but groan at this...falling back with a few mumbled swears.

"Ah! Sh..Shoot..! Sorry!" Moon called, as the boy clutched his nose, feeling the crimson fluid on his face.

'Y..Yep...definitely broken..' he thought, as the increasingly familiar voice of Kukui rang out.

"Ah! You're here, Faust! Come on in, I was just training Rockruff here...." Kukui mused, before nervously chuckling. "Ah..but perhaps you should get that looked at real fast first.."

He winced as he gingerly touched at his nose, Moon echoing many apologies, as Lillie went to grab some tissues, and the like.....

By the time he'd been properly treated, the Professor seemed to have finished his bit with Rockruff, the brown puppy-dog merely barking up at him, and staring with those big, blue eyes. If Faust hadn't just had his nose broken by a door, he'd likely have pet the pokemon...

"Now, my mother tells me you've spent a lot of time studying already.." Kukui called, gathering some things. "So, I'll spare you the proverbial tutorial on status conditions, and the like. You know those, right?"

Faust gave a small nod, recollecting in his head. Things like being burned, frozen, paralyzed....All things that could hinder a pokemon's ability to fight.

"And how to catch pokemon, right?" Kukui added, prompting another nod. You threw a pokeball...usually after weakening a pokemon, and basically hoped for the best. "And how our Trial system works, right?"

Faust started to nod, but then shook his head.

"Ah, Perfect!" Kukui called, with a grin. "Well, on every island, there are these things called trials...Where you have to accomplish some sort of task, established by the Trial Captain. These trials can involve anything, but having a strong pokemon to challenge them is almost always a must. Once you've defeated all of the captains on an island, you can challenge the Island Kahuna, who will test your might through..What do you think...A Pokemon battle, Yeah! Each success in trials will get you a Z-Crystal, and every Island you beat will give you a stamp on your Island Passport! They're like signs of your strength, yeah. Kind of like the badges in Kanto, yeah? The Crystals are put on a Z-Ring that channels the power of your bond, and..."

Faust held his hand up at this, Kukui raising an eyebrow.

"Yes, Faust?" he asked, the boy lowering a bloody tissue.

"So, the Trials are like Gyms...I get crystals..and I challenge the Kahunas of the islands?" He summarized, the Professor nodding. "How many islands are there?"

Kukui grinned, and held up his hand, lowering his thumb.

"Four islands! Each one will present you with a stamp once you've overcome all of the challenges. And when you get all four stamps: You'll have completed your Island Challenge."

"I...I see." Faust noted, nodding. "And...I don't suppose we have something to do after that, do we?"

"No.....Not yet.." Kukui mused with a small grin, as he held out a few things to the boy. Small red and white balls, something that looked like a crimson rectangle, a small charm that he could clip to his bag, and what looked like a passport booklet. "Here are some pokeballs to get you started, a Pokedex, The charm to signal that you're on an Island challenge, and the passport for your stamps. As for your Z-ring..I suppose Moon's Grandpa Hala will.."

Faust's eyes widened a bit, turning to the girl who grinned goofily.

"Yep! My grandpa's the Kahuna of this island." Moon mused, with a grin. "I wanna beat him myself...Though, I already got my Ring and stuff before you got here."

Faust smiled back a bit, though he was a touch surprised. Was this..going to be like a journey around Kanto, that he expected?

"Ah...Did he give you one too?" Kukui called, gesturing at his arm. "It seems that You've already got a Z-ring."

....

"W...What? This?" Faust called, glancing down at the ring on his arm. "I...Got this from that golden thing..Tapu Koko..?"

For the first time since he'd seen him, Kukui looked a bit..speechless. He paused for a few moments, cupping his chin and closing his eyes in thought...Before returning to that same, pleased grin.

"Well, it seems the Island Guardian has high hopes for you." he mused, clasping Faust on the shoulder. "Don't let him down, Cousin."

Faust nervously chuckled at this, nodding.

"I'll..um..I'll try not to." Faust replied, as the black haired girl tugged on his arm.

"C'mon, C'mon...Let's go! I'll show you around the Island!" she insisted, starting to pull the boy out of the Lab. "I'll show you the best spots to catch pokemon, and the pokemon center, and..all that good stuff!"

"H..Hey, don't yank so hard..!" Faust fought, being tugged out by the girl....Leaving Kukui and Lillie in the lab alone.

"Why don't you go too, Lillie? I've got a bit of research to do, but I'll be along as well." Kukui called, the blonde girl nodding a bit.

"Ri..right.." she answered quietly, starting out after the two.....As the girl drug him up the beachfront, and through the streets.

"You don't have to tug on me so hard, Moon! I'm walking just fine!" Faust protested, as the girl finally let him go, outside of a red and white building.

"Ta-Dah! Welcome to the pokemon center!" she called, pushing open the doors slightly. "Here, you can rest up your pokemon...Some place to relax yourself, buy things at the mart....And even get some delicious beverages at the cafe!"

...

Faust was more than a little surprised at how much...bigger the pokemon centers were in Alola than in Kanto...As the black haired girl hopped up onto a barstool, slightly bringing her hands down for the Barista.

"I'll take two Moomoo Milks!" she called lightly, putting some money down on the table. "Do you want something too, Faust?"

Faust hesitated, before moving over next to the girl and looking at the menu.

"Erm..Sure." He called, as the Barista brought Moon two glasses of tall milk...The boy watching her chug it down eagerly. "Um...I'll take a glass of Lemonade, thanks."

The barista nodded, moving to pour him a pitcher...As he looked towards the girl nursing her second glass already.

"You know..If you drink that fast, you're going to get sick.." Faust started, as the girl wiped her face with her arm.

"I'll be fiiiine! I've got an Iron Stomach for this kind of thing!" she replied with a grin, going back to drinking.

"Well, maybe Iron stomach...But definitely not Iron bladder I feel.." Faust mumbled as the Barista brought him a glass, remembering the previous night.

*Pffffffffffffft*

"WHAT?!" Moon's voice cracked, turning towards the boy. "Are you suggesting that I can't control myself?!"

The Barista, knowing better than to interfere in an argument like this, merely backed away..As the boy sipped at his drink.

"Well..No..I was just...Remembering last night.." he started, as the girl gripped his collar, glaring at him with some deep, blue eyes.

"That was because I was asleep. I'm perfectly capable of holding it when I'm awake." she snapped, the boy lightly flinching a bit.

"R..right..Of course.." Faust called nervously, having apparently pressed a button..As the girl turned back to the Barista.

"Another! We've got a busy day ahead of us!" she demanded, slapping more money down on the table..As the Barista nervously poured her another glass....And leaned in to the boy.

"You may have made a mistake, young one.." he called, the girl polishing off the second glass, and starting on her third.

Faust was already starting to regret his words, as Moon put down the glass.

"Three hours! I'm giving you three hours of Moon's Crash course in Pokemon Trainer school! No breaks, No pauses, No Mercy! I'll show you just how Iron-clad my whole body is!"

She put a hand to her relatively petite figure, the boy trying not to stare at her chest...As he continued to drink the Lemonade.

"R..right.." he answered meekly, as a familiar voice put another strain on the already awkward situation.

"U..Um...Iron Clad..?"

The boy swore under his breath again...

"A..Ah..? L..Lillie..!" he sounded, feeling blood rush to his face again. It seemed his second day In Alola was going to be no less interesting than the first.....

========

Faust appreciates you all for reading this, and hopes you stay tuned. Faust supposes he could ask another question....

What is your favorite pokemon? It can be from any generation, or such..Not just Alola. And, as relevant to the last entry...

Is there a character you want to see in the story in particular? For lewd purposes, or otherwise. Faust himself has a few favorites himself, but he'll keep that to himself for now.......

