The Fire Moon’s performer’s accident

Author: Alex62

*000*2022-04-05 02:53

The Fire Moon’s performer’s accident

This story is based on the characters made by Behavior from Dead by Daylight. In no way all the characters mine and are just being used to make a fanfic. The story only is mine own idea .

Ji-Woon Hak or better known as Trickster amongst his fans was on his tour bus on the way to the Fire Moon Festival to deliver an unforgettable performance.

Ji-Woon was sitting at the diner table with his slim legs crossed knee over knee while he painted his nails black for the Fire Moon Festival performance. He was just finishing his last coat of nail polish, as he felt the bus come to a sudden stop. Ji-Woon looked out the window to see that traffic all around them have also stopped.

Yun-Jin, the Trickster manger, came out from the passenger seat to where Ji-won sat. She stopped for a minute and looked at the red dyed hair singer and sighed, she hated to tell him anything that might disappoint him and his fans.

“Looks like there was an accident ahead of us so we will be stuck here for a while. We will try to get to the Festival on time, but just in case be ready”

Ji-Woon rolled his eyes, he hated to disappoint his fans or do anything to not hear them chant his name.

“We better get there, I can’t disappoint the fans, Yun-Jin”

“I know, we will try our best but we can’t control the traffic, so just in case, be ready”

Ji-Woon hated this but know she was right, the can’t control traffic. Ji-Woon uncrossed his legs and went into the bus changing room to get ready for his performance.

Ji-Woon undressed till he was just in his blue briefs. He stood in front of the mirror in his dressing room and looked at his bare petite body, imaging the audience chanting his name.

10 minutes later he snapped out of it and reentered reality. Ji-Woon smiled at the thought of his day dream and went to get dressed for the night’s performance. Ji-Woon opened his closet and pulled out his Fire Moon Performer outfit; Grey joggers with red belt with white marking around his torso, a black crop top with white markings down his chest, a blue clock with the fire moon on its back and shoulders held on with two chains draped across his smooth, masculine chest, a white head band around his red dyed hair, and red and blue sneakers with no socks.

Ji-Woon then started to apply some make up, a blue and white stripe across his nose as well as some eyeliner. He added some glitter to the nose makeup and to complete the look Ji-Woon put on some jewelry. Three earrings in each ear that were small hops and a hanging one only in his right ear. With two rings on one hand and only one on the other.

While Ji-Woon applied his make up he felt a slight tingle in his lower abdomen but Ji-Woon ignored it. He continued with his make up and when he was done Ji-Woon forgot all about his need to pee.

Ji-Woon exited his dressing room all ready for the festival but looking out the window he saw they still were in traffic. Ji-Woon sighed and sat back down at the table, pulling out his phone. He scrolled though Facebook as he once again crossed his slim legs.

Yun-Jin came out and smiled at The Trickster.

“You look great and ready to give it your best, that’s good since as soon as we get to the festival we need to get on stage to make up for being late”

15 minutes later they pulled into the festival. The audience can be seen outside quietly waiting. Ji-Woon looked outside and couldn’t wait to have them start chanting his name. He stood up in a rush, not even uncrossing his legs first but still found his balance.

When Ji-Woon quickly stood he felt a tingle in his lower abdomen once again reminding him of his need to pee. But once again he put it off so he can get out there and start hearing his beautiful name chanted amongst the crowd.

Ji-Woon ran out of the bus and onto stage.

“The Trickster is here!” The announcer announced.

The crowd went wild as he jumped up on stage and took a bow. As he was bowing, once again he felt the tingle in his lower abdomen. This time he kinda noticed it and he got sightly worried for a second but quickly got caught back in the moment again, putting off his need, not wanting to disappoint his fans anymore.

30 minutes passed and Ji-Woon had officially won back the crowd. He sang song after song while dancing and doing tricks. Hi-Woon was really working to win any doubt the crowd may have so natural he sweated a lot so he also drank tons of water. Everything was going fine. That is till it was not.

40 minutes after the show has started he felt the tingle in his lower abdomen once again, and this time it was stronger. He almost doubled over it was so intense but he mange to get it under control, he couldn’t disappoint his fans again, but he was more carful with his dancing and tricks so he wouldn’t have to drink a lot of water. However, he was still signing his heart out so his mouth got dry which meant more water.

Ji-Woon had it under control but after a few more minutes a huge wave of desperation hit him like a freight train, causing him to leak into his blue briefs.

Ji-Woon eyes got big as he realized what just had happened to him. To afraid to look at his grey joggers he just kept performing hoping nothing showed.

“Am I really going to stay here and wet myself on stage, I should just take a quick break, it’s not like this outfit would be hard to take off unlike some other outfits I have wore?” Ji-Woon thought. “No, I can’t leave, I must hold it”

Ji-Woon kept performing but incorporated more leg crossing in his dance moves by twirling or just crossing them while standing still.

Just as Ji-Woon thought he had his bladder under control he leaked again, soaking his blue briefs even more. His hart sank as he felt the leak and even though he was scared to look he couldn’t help but to look at his grey joggers. Ti his relief nothing showed on them and he felt a wave of relief wash over him. But was quickly overtaken by a need of desperation as Ji-Woon really had to pee now.

Even though he was trying his best the feeling of his wet briefs made Ji-Woon leaked again, and was horrified to see a dime size wet spot on his grey joggers.

Ji-Woon hoped no one had or would notice so he tried to cover the spot with his cloak and keep moving so it would be harder or even impossible to spot. But Ji-Woon was paranoid someone already had saw it.

Ji-Woon now knew he wouldn’t make it and if he stayed on stage performing he would wet himself right there on stage in front of the whole audience and crew, including his manger, Yun-Jin. But he stayed as he knew he couldn’t let down his fans again, they would stop chanting his name for sure if he did, he just had to hold it.

But that didn’t happen and leak after leak occurred and finally despite his best efforts Ji-Woon lost the battle. Hot pee poured effortlessly out of him with a loud hiss. He tried to stop it by grabbing himself and standing with cross legs but all that accomplished was soaking his hand. Pee soaked his blue briefs and grey joggers, soaking his red and white belt as well. Pee ran down both his legs and made obvious dark streaks down them. Pee ran into his red and blue shoes and pooled in them soaking his feet, the pee that didn’t go into his shoes soaked the outside of them darken the blue and red material and then pooling at his feet on the black stage.

The Trickster was frozen in shock at what just happened and to make things worse his fear came true as the audience got quit and just watched in shock. Pee continued to pour out of Ji-Woon’s body and into his briefs and joggers. His blue briefs were now completely soaked and the grey joggers were so wet you could see Ji-Woon’s briefs outlined on them.

Yun-Jin saw what was happening and quickly made her way on to stage. Wrapping a other cloak around Ji-Woon and standing in front of him but carful to avoid stepping in his huge pee puddle Yun-Jin spoke.

“Due to an unforeseeable event we have to cut the Trickster performance shor…”

Ji-Woon grabbed the microphone

“Nothing will stop this performance, Yun-Jin”

Yun-Jin looked at him with a serious but concerned look.

“You just peed your pants you have to come back to the bus now, you can’t perform your best like that.”

Ji-Woon didn’t want to stop the show but he also knew Yun-Jin was right, he couldn’t perform like this, let alone perform his best.

Ji-Woon made his way off stage with his shoes make a squishing noise ever time he took a step and leaving a pee trail as he walked. Yun-Jin followed close behind laying the microphone on the backstage table as she walked by it.

They made it to the bus and Ji-Woon made his way straight to the bathroom to shower. He took off his cloak and shirt and stood there thinking about what just happened. Thinking of how all his fans seeing hook wetting himself and how may of them recorded him peeing his pants. Not to mention the cameras for news outlets or the festival’s cameras.

Eventually he took of his shoes and joggers, carefully not to get pee everywhere, seeing his blue briefs for the first time soaked. And they were just as they felt, absolutely soaked with pee. He then poured out the pee in his shoes into the sink and he was socked at how much pee poured out of them. Ji-Woon then got in the shower and took a nice warm, long shower.

Outside Yun-Jin turned on the news to see a video of Ji-Woon peeing himself with the headline “local performer, The Trickster, wet himself on stage”. Yun-Jin turned it off “well, that was fast” she thought to herself and laid down on the couch waiting for Ji-Woon.

Here is a picture of Ji-Woon in his Fire Moon performer outfit.

&&

*002*2022-05-31 11:04

Awesome drawing @Rune Vesgina drew for me for this story!! It’s so great!! Perfect for this story!!!&&

Drawing credit: @Rune Vesgina

