OMOVEMBER Day 1: Rebekah's Desperate Car Ride

Author: Animepee1234

*000*2024-11-02 02:23

DAY 1- Rebekahs Roadtrip Wetting

My friend Rebekah and I were on a 8 hour road trip going from our small home town to a beach house in Virginia with our friends. We pulled up to Rebekah's house she came out with a white sundress with sunflowers patterned across it. She hopped in the seat next to me and said “I can’t wait to get to the beach” and took a bottle of water out of her bag and took a swig of it “aren’t you” I nodded my head “yea I can’t wait”.

Rebekah was a short girl, chubby thighs, black hair and as we soon found out a small bladder. THe car was put into drive and we headed towards the highway. About 45 minutes into the drive, we had the windows down and the music blaring. I looked over at Rebekah who was passed out, on the ground next to her were two empty bottles of water. “Dang she drinks a lot” I thought to myself. My eyes wandered up to her and I noticed her legs clamping together and rubbing. “Does she need to pee” I thought to myself, I felt myself get excited at the thought but I quickly shook it away.

15 minutes later

Rebekah got up and stretched, she then asked “Hey guys can we stop at the next rest stop?” Our friend Ben who was driving said “Yea but it’s not for another like 20 miles”

She put her hands between her legs with a hint of worry “okay” she said.

As we got closer and closer to the rest stop I see her desperation grow I decide to ask

“Hey you okay”

She looks over embarrassed and says “yea I really need to pee”

“Don’t worry well be there soon” I said, then Ben spoke up “I don’t know about that guys, look” he was pointing at the sign that we passed by that said

“Rest Stop Next Exit” but drawn across it was a bright orange box with black text reading “CLOSED NEXT STOP 20 miles”

I looked over at Rebekah and the look of worry became more urgent, I asked “you think you can hold it?” She looked over at me with a desperate look as she rubbed her legs together holding her crotch with both hands. “I-i think i can”. I felt myself getting excited again, looking at this beautiful girl so desperate began to turn me on, I turned and looked out the window to distract myself.

About 5 minutes later Rebekah lets out a little moan. I looked over and she's bending over. I looked to the front seats, it didn’t seem like the others heard it. I turn back to Rebekah and ask “Are you okay?” She looked up at me with some tears forming in her eyes “I’m leaking, I don’t think I can make it”. I look up to Ben, “How much longer Ben”

“5 miles” he said in reply.

“Can you hold it” I asked Rebekah

She jammed both hands between her legs and nodded

As the miles counted 5-4-3 left

She grounded again, “are we almost there”

“Almost”, just as I said that the car began to slow down, I look up…stand still traffic

She moaned again “I can’t hold it” a small hssss sound was heard

I look over in surprise “are you pee-” ‘“SHUT UP- IM NOT” She said cutting me off

I look around and my eyes land on the empty bottles I pick one up and reach it out “Do you want to-”

“FUCK NO! NOT IN FRONT OF YOU GUYS”

She looked out the window rubbing her legs and jamming her hand into her crotch

A gust of wind blew threw the car quickly revealing Rebekahs violet colored panites, and in the quick moment where I saw her panties a dark spot was viewable. I got really excited

Just then the traffic dissipated and speed picked back up

Ben looked back at us “1 mile”

She moaned again “HURRY! I'M ABOUT TO PEE!”

Ben stepped on it as we got closer to the exit

Rebekah moaned and said “Im not gonna make it!” and snatched the empty water bottle and began trying to position it but as she tried to pull her panites off she moaned as a Hsssss sound rang out she dropped the bottle and jammed both hands into her crotch

“No no no no no no” she said she reached one hand into her panties revealing the violet panties with the dark patch that had grown since I saw it earlier. In her last ditch effort to hold the floodgates from breaking open she let out one last moan as piss sprayed out, soaking her panites, darkening her white sundress, and the seat under her grew dark and pee dribbled from the seat on to the floor. “Noooo, ahhhhhhh” she moaned. Tears rolled down her cheeks, as pee continued to flow and soak everything around her.

As the last few drops hit the ground we finally pulled into the rest stop, the car was put in park, Rebekah with tears rolling down her face said “I’m sorry” her face glowing red, she opened her car door and now we could see the full damage Her sundress was now soaked and I could see threw the dress enough to see the completely soaked violet panites. We got wipes and towel and cleaned the seat. We built a barrier around Rebekah using towels so she could change since she didn’t want to walk into the rest area and have people see her. While she was changing I got a peek and her as she took off her panties, as pee dribbled out from it, then her sundress revealing her entire body, she wiped herself down with a towel and then I saw her wipe her crotch.

After a few minutes She changed into new clothes as she embarrassingly stepped back into the car and we continued our road trip

