The Show Must Go On

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2017-12-29 23:42

I don’t usually post fiction but I would like to give it a shot here! Let me know what you guys think. Criticism is great and if you want a continuation just let me know :)

###

As a senior just starting their last year in high school, the last thing Kelly wanted to do was “branch out” to new friend groups. But her best friend had moved to another school district, she had switched schools because of an.... incident, and she needed an arts credit to graduate anyway. That is how she found herself auditioning for a play, somehow stumbling into a major supporting role, and spending her Thursday night doing a full dress rehearsal for opening night the following day instead of out enjoying the fall weather.

She by no means was about to win an oscar but the people were nice enough and she enjoyed herself more or less so she wasn’t too upset, even if she was giving up her weekend for the stupid show. Their director, Mr. Crawford, was basically a drill seargent. A tall, severe looking man with a no nonsense attitude, he wanted everything to be perfect, no room for error, and no deviation from the proposed plan. While going through the hard run through without the usual gaps for giving direction or supplying a forgotten line, Kelly soon realized that she had a lot of stage time in quick succession and would only have brief breaks between scenes at the start of the second act. She briefly wondered if she should worry about this but brushed it off. After all, intermission was just before that and anything she needed to do could be done then.

You see, Kelly’s greatest secret was her weak bladder. She’d had her fair share of close calls, and the aforementioned incident was when she wet herself in class at her old high school. And if that weren’t bad enough, she still occasionally wet the bed. It was humiliating, and Kelly had made it a point to keep this knowledge away from the student body of her new high school. She was determined that this play would not be what changed that but, again, she was reassured by the fact that she would have intermission to placate her bladder before her repeated appearances.

And so, come opening night, the only nerves Kelly experienced were from the prospect of performing in front of much of the student body and their parents. She was pacing in the green room when Anne, one of the people she’d grown closest to and the star of the show, stopped her. She shoved a large bottle of water and a mug of tea into Kelly’s hands. “Drink” she commanded. Kelly blinked at her in confusion, only managing a confused “ermmmm” before Anne was giving her a reassuring smile. “The tea is chamomile and should help with the nerves. The water is to soothe your throat and wet your mouth. There’s nothing worse than suddenly realizing you’re dying for a cough in the middle of a line” she explained. I gave her a nod of thanks, quickly drinking down the water before sipping on the tea.

Anne’s tips worked exactly as promised and with each sip of the tea Kelly felt herself relax, releasing the tension she’d held in her frame. As curtains opened, Kelly performed with confidence, delivering her lines flawlessly. As the show progressed her confidence only grew, or at least it did until the last scene. In the middle of delivering one of her lines, Kelly’s bladder suddenly decided to make itself very known, causing her to stutter for a moment. She recovered quickly but she could see Mr. Crawford’s expression grow stormy where he waited in the wings, even as she focused on the rest of the dialogue.

When the scene ended and she exited the stage she moved to rush for the bathroom, after all intermission was very brief, but someone caught her arm before she could go very far. She gulped, slowly turning around until she was facing one very very angry director. “You are coming with me” he gritted out dragging poor Kelly to the green room. He immediately began lecturing her about her screw up but it all fell on deaf ears. Kelly was too focused on her growing need to pee and watching the clock, praying that Mr. Crawford would finish his lecture soon as the amount of time remaining in intermission swiftly drifted away.

When he finally released her with one final warning not to screw up again, she made to rush for the bathroom but it was too late. The house lights had gone back down, the curtains were coming up, and she had to rush to the wings to prepare for her entrance. Cursing her luck, she moved to position. Poor Kelly felt doomed, she could barely focus on her bladder because she was so focused on getting her lines right to avoid Mr. Crawford’s wrath once more. After all, he determined her grade in this theater class and thus whether she would be able to graduate this summer. So she gritted her teeth and subtly pressed her thighs together whenever the focus was on another character.

It, however, wasn’t a sustainable game plan. Disaster struck as she took center stage to deliver her character’s monologue. Although her voice didn’t shake her legs definitely did, and out of the corner of her eye she noticed a couple of her cast mates whispering and then telling the director something. His eyebrows drew together in confusion, looking first at Kelly’s face and then farting down to her shaking legs and more importantly her crotch. Kelly knee at that moment that both her cast mates and Mr. Crawford knew what was going on. Anne’s character was part of this scene but all Anne could do was watch her poor friend struggle.

As Kelly finally started nearing the end of her speech, after which she could dart off stage to, at the very least, find a quiet corner to yank down the thin, white bottoms of her costume, Kelley also felt the moment all hope was lost. It started as a slow trickle, dampening her pink panties, then it was a small stream, slowly spreading into the spandex material of her white costume leggings, and then it was suddenly a flood.

Kelly wanted to die on the spot but the look on Mr. Crawford’s face told her the only way she could make this worse was by blowing the last few lines. Her cheeks burned red, as she had to speak louder to be heard over the sound of her piss splattering across the stage, some onlookers gasping, and others flat out laughing. Her white leggings were getting soaked, her piss making them translucent with a slight yellow tinge, revealing her bright pink panties underneath. As her speech finally finished so too did her stream and Anne, bless her soul, moved in to recapture the audience’s attention to the actual performance instead of the spectacle that had just happened.

Mr. Crawford had been unsympathetic. He chewed her out for her irresponsibility and forced her to finish the show in her soaked costume since there wasn’t a spare ready and there was little time for her to change in between scenes anyway. Kelly suffered through the remainder of the performance and nearly cried when it finally ended. Luckily her cast mates were much kinder than her director and were quick to reassure her and make sure she got changed into something dry before leaving. Before Kelly could disappear to stew in her humiliation Mr. Crawford stopped her once again. She sighed, resigned to him telling her she failed when instead he stopped in front of her and gave her a considering glance.

“I’ll give you this,” he began, “despite your.... embarrassing lack of control you performed wonderfully. As such I’m taking pity on you. You can continue performing, I’d be, dare I say it, glad to have you. But you will wear a diaper during the next performance so we can avoid a repeat of this debacle or so help me God I will fail you and you can spend your summer making up the class so you can graduate in the fall. Do I make myself clear?” Kelly nodded her head quickly, still attempting to process what he had just told her. “Choose wisely Kelly” Mr. Crawford warned, before climbing into his car and driving away.

*005*2017-12-30 10:21

I’m glad people have enjoyed and I’ll continue to keep comments in mind. I’ll continue Kelly’s struggles surrounding the show in this thread and any future stories I post of her I’ll include her name in parentheses next to the title so people know. Keep an eye out on this thread for part 2, coming soon!

*007*2017-12-30 16:20

Here’s part 2!

Kelly sat in her car internally debating whether she should go in the theater or not. Could she really do this? She really needed this credit but was it worth wearing a diaper? And what if people remembered her accident and laughed at her again? The questions circled around in her mind endlessly until an aggressive knock on her window startled her out of her thoughts. Mr. Crawford was there standing at her door, he tapped on his watch mouthing “hurry up or leave” before turning and marching into the theater.

Kelly took several deep breaths before finally getting out of the car and heading towards the theater. Maybe people had somehow forgotten her accident and maybe Mr. Crawford would have forgotten about the diapering. She headed inside managing to avoid everyone until she was grabbing chamomile tea. She needed it now more than ever as she worried what people were thinking of her. Anne approached her almost cautiously. “Hey Kelly! Glad you came back” Anne smiled. “Yea I thought I should see this through, I didn’t want to let you guys down. I know you would find a replacement but it would be so last minute.” Kelly explained. “Well it’s very appreciated” Anne’s eyes then darted down to the cup of tea in Kelly’s. “Are you ermmm, sure you should be drinking that?” Anne asked before dropping her voice down to whisper, “you know, after yesterday’s incident.” Kelly’s face turned red and she muttered a quick “I’ll be fine” before she noticed the director waving her over.

“I’m assuming you did not come prepared,” he said with no preamble. “I’m sorry what?” Kelly asked. “You’re not wearing a diaper are you?” He sighed, rolling his eyes as if Kelly was being thick for not knowing what he was referring to. “N...no. But I don’t think”

“Well I do think” he interrupted shoving a somewhat thick diaper covered in small stars into her hands. Kelly turned scarlet and quickly hid it from view before her cast mates could see. “Is this really necessary?” She whispered. “Of course it is after yesterday’s stunt. It’s this or an F. The little stars fade when wet. Go put it on.”

Resigned, Kelly went to the changing room, grabbing her costume and laying it down on a bench then shucking off her shirt and jeans. She pulled on her costume’s top, and then realizing she would die before changing into a diaper where someone might see she went to the bathroom to put it on. She stared at the offending garment for several moments angrily before slinking into a stall. “I can’t believe i’m doing this” she groaned. She began to pull off her plain blue lacy panties. Although a fuller cut, they were tight and hugged her ass. She loved how they looked on and having to switch them out for a diaper felt like adding insult to injury. It took her ages to figure out how to put the damn thing on and for a moment she worried how she would even begin to change it. She quickly shook off the thought, as there was no way in hell she’d actually have to use it anyway.

She went to pull back on her jeans only to come to the horrifying realization she’d left them in the changing room. She cursed her forgetfullness and quickly checked no one else was in the restroom. She then left the stall and peaked out into the common area standing between her and the changing area. No one seemed to be passing by so she quickly skittered back over to the changing room. In her haste she hadn’t noticed one of her male castmates, Tom, had walked in and, unable to believe his eyes, quickly hidden and taken several photos of the girl in her diapered apparel.

The director had clearly told the costume department about her.... situation as the pants for her costume weren’t quite as tight. That being said, as pulled the white pants on she found there was somewhat of a bulge from the diaper. It was barely noticeable, if at all, but it embarassed the poor girl all the same. As curtain was about to open, Kelly stood at the wings. “Feeling better about keeping your pants dry tonight?” Tom asked her with faux concern. To Kelly he seemed genuine enough so she gave him a tight smile and a nod. “Here, so your heist doesn’t dry out” he said, offering her a water bottle. She thanked him, taking a quick swig from it absentmindedly before putting it aside. Curtains opened and the show began.

They weren’t even halfway through the first act when Kelly felt her bladder begin to give her issue. She refused to believe she could have to go so quickly but, thinking back on it, she realized she hadn’t gone to the bathroom before leaving the house. She continued to deliver her lines flawlessly, pointedly ignoring how much more packed the theater was tonight and how many audience members seemed to be specifically pointing at her. By three quarters through the first act she had made it a point to move as much was appropriate for each line, doing the closest thing she could to a potty dance while on stage. It was only moments later when she felt a sudden relaxing and her crotch grow warm. She couldn’t believe it. She was pissing a diaper!

Meanwhile, Tom was similarly performing well despite a distraction. His, however, wasn’t his own bladder but rather Kelly’s. He had noticed when she began moving more and noticed now how she had stilled considerably since. From this close he could even see a faint blush on her cheeks. He thought it was insane, no way had this gorgeous 18 year old girl just wet a diaper like an infant. Then again, he wouldn’t have believed a girl her age would wet themselves period, but yesterday had proved him wrong. His gaze lowered to her padded crotch, and his eyes widened imperceptibly at the sight before him. If he had doubts she was wearing a diaper before, he was sure now. It was hard to tell without knowing to look for it, but he could see her diaper swelling, could even faintly make out the rapidly fading design on the diaper’s front if he really focused. An evil idea was slowly forming in his mind. This girl, he thought, he could have fun with.

Kelly’s stream ended and she counted her blessings the diaper had held up. It was now heavy with her urine though, and she couldn’t completely close her legs because of the bulk. Despite her embarrassment and discomfort she managed to last until the end of the first act. She hurried to find Mr. Crawford once intermission started. As loathe as she was to admit it, she needed a new diaper.

Tom noticed her hasty retreat and stealthily followed her. She noticed her whisper something to Mr. Crawford with an embarrassed grimace before he shook his head at her and went to grab something. Alex’s best hopes were fulfilled when he saw the director hand the girl a fresh diaper. He noticed her fiddle with it for a moment, looking down and her face growing more red. He wondered what could possibly embarrass the girl more at this point, tiptoeing closer so he could hear their conversation.

“I don’t think I can change fast enough to be ready by the start of the second act” she stuttered out. The director huffed “I guess I’ll have to change you then,” and Tom could barely suppress his laughter. He had always thought Kelly stuck up and standoffish, practically dreamed of something or someone knocking her off her high horse. Now, as if the universe had heard his prayers, he was being given the perfect opportunity to do just that.

Tom hurried to the changing room and hid, his phone camera at the ready and pointed to where he was sure Mr. Crawford would take Kelly to be changed. Sure enough, he didn’t have to wait long before an abashed Kelly was lead into the changing room. He started recording as Kelly stepped out of her costume, revealing the sodden diaper. Even to someone unaware of the fading design feature, it was clear the diaper had been used. It hung down lower that it should and the white material was tinged a slight yellow. He couldn’t believe his luck as she laid down on the wide bench in the center her face very clearly, if only momentarily, facing Tom’s camera before she was releasing an embarrassed groan and covering her face with her hands.

Not wanting to risk the director getting in trouble and also knowing that the man wasn’t his main focus anyway, Tom kept his focus on Kelly. Her diaper was unfastened, revealing her pussy to the cool air of the changing room and Tom made sure to get a perfect shot of her crotch. It wasn’t long before the director was wiping her up and then rediscovering her. “Wait! I have to go again before the next act starts!” Kelly suddenly announced but the director only scoffed. “Should have thought of that before you were in the new diaper, there’s no time to release and then rediaper you. For once in your life just hold it like a big girl!” Tom was over the moon, he couldn’t have asked for a better video. He was about to post it to his Facebook, when a new thought came to mind. Why waste such a golden opportunity for blackmail?

Kelly bit her lip, humiliated by the director’s harsh words but pulled back on her costume pants knowing there was nothing she could do about it. She barely managed to make it through the entirety of the second act dry but somehow held on. She had intended on immediately changing back and leaving but the changing room was so packed she didn’t dare. She decided instead she would have to wait until everyone else had cleared out. Tom, determined to confront Kelly as she left, waited as well. It wasn’t long before Kelly was squirming and pee dancing. Tom knew she would have to run to the bathroom before changing so he rushed into the bathroom, locking all three of the stalls.

Sure enough, as soon as everyone else was gone, Kelly races into the bathroom, clutching herself. To Tom’s surprise and delight she had already ditched her costume pants and was frantically dancing around in nothing but her shirt and bra, the diaper on full display with her panties clutched in one hand. He pressed record, keeping a safe distance to get the footage without her knowing. She rattled each door in frustration, one hand staying gripped on her crotch as she danced in a panic until her bladder finally released.

The accompanying hissing sound of her piss violently rushing out of her was loud in the quiet of the bathroom as the diaper swelled once more. This time the diaper reached its capacity before she could finish and small rivulets leaked out and down her legs. Tom made sure to capture all of it, even as Kelly sighed in defeat, placing her panties on the sink counter and grabbing several wads of paper towels. She removed the diaper and Tom managed to get footage of her ass and pussy, still in disbelief that he was getting such quality material.

Kelly wiped herself down and then once satisfied she was dry, she tossed the soggy diaper into the trash and pulled back on her panties. “Are you sure you’re potty trained enough to wear those?” A voice suddenly asked out of nowhere. Kelly spun around in a panic, eyes landing on Tom as he stepped out of his hiding place, phone in hand and shit eating grin on his face. Kelly blushed and began to try and stutter out excuses but Tom raised a hand to stop her. “Oh please, there’s no explanation for this other than you not even having the continence of a toddler, let alone a high schooler.”

“Well it’s your word against mine if you try to leak this to anyone at school!” Kelly fired back. “Actually it’s not” Tom gloated as he approached Kelly, showing her his phone screen. “It’s your word against these photos” he flicked through the photos of her dashing to the changing room after first putting on the diaper, “this video” he showed her a clip from the video of Crawford changing her, “and finally this video,” he finished, showing her part of the last video he took.

Kelly’s eyes went round as dinner played and she began to beg. “Please please please don’t show those to anyone!” she all but cried. “I won’t” Tom started. Kelly grew hopeful but he quickly shut her down. “That is, I won’t if you follow all of my explicit instructions when I begin giving them to you. Starting now of course.” Kelly’s stomach plummeted at his words, suddenly realizing that Tom was in no way kidding.

”Now first things first. Do you have anything going on tonight? Anyone expecting you?” He asked. Kelly shook her head no. “Good, I’ve got a fun night ahead of us. But first you’re going to need to drink this. All of it.” Tom passed her a very large and very full bottle of water with a large grin plastered over his face. Kelly swallowed down the lump in her throat as she took the bottle. She gave Tom one last look, but seeing no sympathy in his eyes or sign of him changing his mind, she sighed in resignation and began to chug the water down.

###

And that’s the end of part 2! I’m anticipating probably writing one more part of this series that details what happens that night but I enjoy these characters and if you guys still do I’ll probably write multiple stories detailing different things Tom makes Kelly do both when they’re alone like right now and when they’re in public and surrounded by people. Originally I was going to include this night here and calling it a day at 2 parts but the story was getting long and I didn’t want to rush this so hurray now you guys get one more part lolol

If there are any kinks/fetishes/whatever you would like to see in the last part or any subsequent stories featuring these two, comment them here and I’ll try to work them in even if they aren’t necessarily my cup of tea. Unless it’s something that actively makes me uncomfortable I’ll probably find a way to fit it in.

Thanks for reading!

*010*2017-12-30 22:11

Here it is: the final part of this trilogy.

Don’t be too sad though because I’m definitely not done with these characters. I will start a new thread titled Tom and Kelly shortly after releasing this part which will detail all of the ways Tom takes advantage of his blackmail material to put Kelly in all kinds of embarrassing scenarios. Again, if there is anything specific you’d like to see in their story feel free to pm me your ideas, I love suggestions!

###-

Kelly finished the water with a wince as Tom watched expectantly. “I’ll offer you a deal Kelly. I’m feeling generous” Tom smirked. “Yea I’m really feeling the generosity” she snarked, rolling her eyes. “Well now I’m feeling less generous. Have another bottle of water” he snapped back. Kelly groaned but complied. “Now I was originally going to say 30 minutes but since you complained I’m upping it to an hour. If you last that long without soaking your pretty little panties I’ll delete the picture and let you go. Otherwise you’ll drink more water and you’ll have to try again with a twist” he winked. “One hour, I can handle that.” Kelly says, mostly to herself. “Sure you can” Tom scoffs.

It was only 20 minutes in to the hour when Kelly realized she was in trouble. Tom had had her go on stage and commanded she stay within the tiny spotlight, preventing her from pacing. He sat in the front row, smirking as he laid back in the seat watching her struggle. She was beginning to squirm and twist and hated it. A tiny bit leaked into her panties and she groaned, risking her pride by twisting her legs into a pretzel. She regretted provoking Tom into giving her a second bottle of water and an extra 30 minutes of time. “I could be almost done now” she moaned to herself. Without warning a huge leak spurted out. Although she had quickly regained control the splatter of her piss hitting the floor was loud in the otherwise quiet theater and her panties had grown visibly damp, a few stray drops running down her thighs. “What, losing it already?” Tom cackled from his seat. Kelly chose to ignore his comment in favor of burying her hands in her crotch and pee dancing in place.

With 10 minutes left Kelly was seated on the floor, legs twisted up, hands buried in her crotch moaning as she bent over. “I won’t lie I’m impressed. I didn’t think you would last this long. But unfortunately if you want to win this you’re going to have to spend the last 10 minutes standing, hands at your sides.” Tom declared. “What! That wasn’t part of the deal!” Kelly cried out. “It is now. Unless you want these videos and photos going viral,” he taunts, waving his phone. Kelly groans as she forces herself to stand. She keeps her legs crossed but moves her hands to her sides, falling into pure agony.

There are only 3 minutes left when the dam breaks. “NononoNO I was so close” Kelly cries out as piss pours out of her, overwhelming her poor panties, turning the Blue into a dark navy. “Oh my, what a mess you’ve made” Tom gloated. He turned all the lights back on before gleefully rejoining a trembling humiliated Kelly who sat in her dripping panties, face red. “Can’t a I please put my jeans back on now” she sniffed. Tom considered this for awhile. “Ok but we better get you out of those dripping parties then. You know lace like that can give you a rash when wet.” Tom smiled evilly. “Fine let me go change in the bathroom” Kelly sighed. “Who said anything about changing in the bathroom? You can take your panties off here and then we can walk to your jeans together.” Tom explained. Kelly turned fire engine red but said nothing, complying silently. She felt Tom’s gaze on her exposed pussy like a brand, and she trudged dejectedly to get to her jeans.

“Do you know where I can find spare panties? Like does the costume department have some or maybe” Kelly’s question is cut off by Tom’s laughter. “It’s cute you think you get panties again. Clearly you can’t be trusted in them. Put the jeans on commando style” he smirks. She opens her mouth to object but knows it’s useless. She cringes as she pulls her jeans on. “That a girl. Now if you can last for an hour in those without wetting them, I’ll delete the videos, same deal. Otherwise, you can bet your ass I’ll have you in diapers until you can be properly potty trained” Tom smirked, his evil grin only growing as the weight of what he had just said sank into Kelly’s mind. She steeped herself and became determined, she had been so close last time, surely this time she would make it.

“All right give me a moment and drink 2 bottles of water, don’t try and pull a fast one and drink less. I will find out and I will send the videos out. When I call you, move back to your spotlight on stage,” Tom commanded. Kelly only considered the possibility of skimping on the water for a moment before deciding the risk wasn’t worth it and as Tom ran off to set up whatever he was planning, Kelly obediently chugged the two water bottles.

Eventually Tom called Kelly’s name and she walked back on stage to find a chair in the center of the spotlight and Tom holding something behind his back with a cruel looking smirk on his face.

“What the hell?” She asked. “Sit down” Tom commanded without further explanation. Kelly gulped, doing as commanded. Tom then sunk down to his knees in front of her, spreading her knees and legs apart so they were splayed. Kelly’s Jeans were so tight they clung to her pussy and for a moment the sight of Tom between her thighs turned her on immensely until she felt something jerk one of her legs towards one of the legs of the chairs.

To her horror, Tom was tying her legs apart, one on each of the front chair legs and next he was tying her hands behind her back. For being fully clothed except for her missing panties, she suddenly felt so very exposed. The moment she let out even a tiny leak Tom would know. The evidence being immediate in the crotch of her jeans that were on show for him to easily see. She gulps having not anticipated this and already worried about what will happen.

Kelly is fine the first 30 minutes with nothing but some occasional discomfort to the point that Tom almost looks bored. Eventually though, Kelly lets out a loud gasp as the full force of the water she drank hits her. The tiniest of spots immediately appears on the light denim of her jeans. Tom grins and leans forward in his seat. Ready for the show to finally begin. Her desperation immediately peaks from then on. She squirms almost violently, trying desperately to bring her legs together or free her hands to no avail.

The only thing standing between her and a wetting are her bladder muscles, which have already been exhausted by all the holding she’s had to do today. Her legs quiver and she moans loudly, the sound echoing in the quiet theater, as another large spurt jets out, straight through her jeans and splashes onto the chair. It has left the wet spot on her crotch larger and Kelly knows she is rapidly losing the battle. She doubts she can last another 5minutes, let alone 30. She continues to wiggle and moan, bouncing up and down in the chair and wriggling her hips from side to side and Tom eats up every moment of it.

“Not so high and mighty now” he thinks with a smirk. With one final moan and gasp, the floodgates burst wide open and piss comes shooting out of Kelly. While some flows down the legs of her jeans the vast majority shoots through the denim, pooling in the chair, streaming down the sides of it, and sometimes, when a portion of the stream is particularly powerful, arching directly to the floor of the stage. Kelly moans loudly in both ecstasy at the relief and extreme humiliation. She is helpless to stop the waterfall gushing from her exhausted sphincter. Her head had lolled back in relief, her eyes closed, the moment all hope had been lost so she missed Tom pulling out his phone and recording until after her flow had finally petered out and stopped. The moment she notices her mouth falls open in shock.

“Another video to add to the collection.” Tom laughs. He approaches her, large scissors in hand. He bends down to whisper in her ear, “you and I are going to have a lot of fun this year,” before bending down. He cuts Kelly’s jeans off of her, leaving her naked from the waist down. He promptly throws them away, then recovers her panties, cutting those in half to kelly’s horror. He throws those away as well. He tosses her the package of diapers from before before cutting her loose. “Have fun making it home with nothing to cover your modesty but a diaper” he winks with a wave goodbye. As he leaves Kelly can only sit there stunned, half naked in a puddle of her own piss, and wonder what the hell she had gotten herself into.

*012*2017-12-30 22:16

{{Just now, YourFNF said:

Actually now I kinda want to settle this the "Chicago Way", just like back home.

}}

Tom definitely isn’t a nice guy but we do have him to thank for the content ;)

*015*2017-12-30 23:11

{{Just now, Melificentfan said:

Damn tom is evil I just hope Kelly can get some type of revenge on him

}}

An interesting idea for sure. Maybe in a later story.

*018*2017-12-31 19:42

For those of you who want to hear more Tom and Kelly stories I just started a new thread where I’ll be posting the rest of their adventures!

