Desperate Diplomat

Author: AlwaysOmo

*000*2021-11-19 08:23

(Note: This is based on some of the original fiction I write and follows the same sort of writing style. I have changed the character's names to similar ones, as well as some of the details, for anonymity purposes. But I will give you a bit of background on the set up so it makes some degree of sense: Julian is a politician, of sorts, an official in something akin to the United Nations. He is known for being a bit eccentric and full of himself and isn't very highly regarded in the administration. He can be somewhat uptight and very stubborn. Sarah is his trusted assistant, and is one of the few people who actually respects him.

She can be somewhat childish at times, but she's compassionate and tries to be helpful in whatever way she can. The two of them are, at this point in the story, secretly involved with one another behind closed doors and have formed something of a close bond. They occasionally travel the world on campaign and meet with other officials in various destinations around the globe. This story takes place during one of those trips abroad, en route to a conference at an official's home. Also, I've written and re-written this multiple times, so I apologize if there's anything that seems off or inconsistent. This is my first time sharing any of my fiction, omo or otherwise, so please bear with me.)

...

Before the day's travels would begin, Julian and Sarah thought it would be beneficial to get some supplies to take with them. Nothing too major, just some light food and beverages to help keep their spirits up throughout the drive, for it was said to be quite a long one this time around. It was part of one of many short trips they'd had to make to conduct business with some of their political contemporaries.

This one, unlike with the last few destinations, was a bit more off the grid than the others and required them to be escorted to the remote location. As the vehicles involved in the escort needed to be refueled, they were stopped at a convenience store and gas station, the last one before the winding desert highway. So, whilst there, it would only make sense to stock up. Sarah grabbed a couple of snacks and something to drink and brought her items to the counter, where Julian was handing cash to the clerk, paying for his food and drink. "Just these two or something else?" the clerk asked, "Can I interest you in any lottery tickets?"

"No thanks, that will be all." said Julian. "Alright, then. Next customer!" the clerk yelled. "Oh, you've got water? Should I put this back?" Sarah asked her partner. "Nope, this one's all for me." he specified, lifting the heavy jug off the counter by its handle. "You really think you need all of that?" she questioned. "We'll be smack in the middle of the desert, for god's sakes. Adequate hydration is a must." he explained, twisting off the cap, "And they say, if you're thirsty, then you're already dehydrated. And I, for one am rather parched!" He punctuated this by taking a large gulp of the ice cold liquid. "But still, isn't a gallon a little much?" She tilted her head and squinted her eyes at the volume. "Nonsense." he corrected, shaking his head, "For a man of my stature, it's perfectly sufficient in these conditions. Every survival manual on the market will tell you as much."

"Alright...just be aware it's a six hour drive." she said, half joking. "What's that got to do with anything?" he asked with arrogant nonchalance, before absent mindedly taking another swig. Sarah raised an eyebrow at him, finished paying for her goods. "It all has to go somewhere." she shrugged, "What goes in must come out." He was honestly a little annoyed she would feel the need to point this one out, as if he already didn't know any better. He knew his limits. "So long as I pace myself, I should be fine. Trust me on that one."

"If you say so." she said, holding the door open as they left the shop. Julian, all the while, continued to carelessly guzzle his drink, for it was far too refreshing to put down. "Is that a challenge?" he remarked. The driver met them outside, having just finished fueling up the vehicle. "Alright. You folks ready to leave?" he said in a firm tone, his hands on his hips. The driver was a broad-statured man with a stern demeanor and a closely shaved head to match. "I believe so." said Julian, affirmatively, boosting himself up on his toes, "Just about"

"Great, now just so you know, our destination is about 400 miles eastbound through nothing but sand dunes. We'll be joining up with the rest of the motorcade in a few minutes, two vehicles in front, two in back. If we should need to stop for any reason, let me know and I will alert the rest of the motorcade via the radio so we can all pull over, any questions?"

"Nope. I think that should do it." said Julian. "Great, then let's get going."

"So much for pacing yourself." Sarah whispered. "You already finished a quarter of that!"

"What can I say? It's hot out here! I'm dying of thirst." he said, bringing it back to his lips. "It is, but you'd really better take it easy, okay? You wouldn't want to over do it." she advised, no longer just teasing, "Especially if we'll be stuck in the car." He simply laughed it off, seeing her advice as unwarranted. "Sarah, I assure you I'll be fine. Perfectly fine. If not, I wouldn't be taking the risk."

"Famous last words..." she teased, "Are you sure you don't wanna...you know...take care of that before we leave? Just in case?"

"That won't be necessary. I haven't the need to." he stubbornly insisted, "I already addressed that before we left. Which, might I remind you, was no more than half an hour ago, so I'm more than content. Really. I very much doubt it'd make a difference, save for wasting a good minute or so of my time."

"Okay...But, later on, you might be sorry..." she said, in a singsong voice, "I really don't wanna have to say I told you so. Last chance. It's gonna be a while. Six hours. And I doubt there's any place to stop out there."

"Err...well...Alright, fine, perhaps you do have a point. Suppose it's worth a shot, regardless. Best not chance anything. Back in a minute." he gestured toward a door at side of the gas station, "Here, hold this for me." The driver impatiently honked the horn, "Come on, what are we waiting for? Let's hit the road." Sarah tilted her head and blinked a few times as Julian suddenly reneged on his former statement, face heel turning back toward the vehicle, "Well, you heard the man! There's no time for that now. We're running late as it is. I doubt he'd appreciate me holding things up. Now, let's go!"

The first hour went smoothly as they left behind the last of the urban areas and ventured out into the barren desert. Julian continued to quench his thirst, taking frequent sips and paying very little mind to it. Of course, his nonchalance did nothing to keep it from gradually flooding his system. It was only as the second hour turned to the third that a need arose, and he realized he'd made a terrible mistake. He really should've heeded Sarah's warnings.

He pressed his legs together and groaned. As foretold, it had all caught up with him. But, hey, at least he wasn't dehydrated. "How are we doing back there? Seems awful quiet." said the driver. "Fine, thank you." he lied through gritted teeth, "Out of curiosity, about how long til we get there? Statistically speaking." he clarified, to prevent any further grilling on his reasons for asking that could potentially lead to an embarrassing admission, "And by any chance, does this road get any smoother?" He grimaced, for the road had been rough, much to his disservice. Being jostled didn't exactly help the situation at hand. "Nope. It's all bumps from here on out, change in terrain."

"Ah. I see. Good to know."

"And for the ETA, we're looking at about..." He crossed his fingers, hoping it wouldn't be much longer than he could reasonably take with such a pressing need. "...Two hours, according to the GPS."

"Really, is that all, then?" Strain and disappointment were evident in his voice. This was clearly not what he was wanting to hear. Sarah raised her brow in his direction, having a fair idea of why he had asked those questions. She'd seen him grow gradually tenser over the course of the ride: impatient, agitated and squirmy. And, given the circumstance, it wouldn't exactly be a stretch to assume what the cause was. If true, it would come as no surprise. "Yup, that's it. Two hours, maybe two and a half. Unless we run into any unforeseen conditions along the way." said the driver. "Splendid." said Julian, inhaling sharply and closing his eyes tight, "Absolutely splendid."

"If you need anything, give me a heads up." said the driver, strapping his headset back on. "Not planning on it." he said. In spite of what was practical, he found it preferable not to give voice to such a private personal matter, though his constant movement gave him away. Sarah certainly noticed the signs. He seemed to be bouncing his leg far more frantically than usual and gnawing on his lower lip, in addition to all manner of other un-subtleties he was displaying. She could see straight through him. Not that it was particularly hard to in this instance. Julian happened to catch her staring and met her gaze. "What are you looking at?" he questioned, through an irritable pout. He knew exactly what was coming, and he didn't want to hear it. He was in no mood to be proven wrong. "Nothing..." said Sarah, "I just think this calls for an I told you so. Don't you?"

"What do you mean? I'm perfectly fine." he denied, continuing to bounce his leg as he stared evasively out the window. Sarah tilted her eyebrow. "Julian, please. Don't think I didn't notice." she said. "Notice what? What is there to notice?" he said, in defense. "Come on...we both know what's up." she gestured vaguely, "You clearly need to go. I can tell just from looking at you."

"How do you know I'm not just restless?"

"Because, I can put two and two together." she said, "You drank a bunch of water, it's been a few hours...Obviously you have to pee."

"I do not-" he tried to protest, before taking note of his own posture. It did look like it. And, rather than assuming a more neutral position, he figured he'd had no choice other than to admit it. The gig was up. He let out a dejected sigh: "It isn't that obvious, is it?" Still, in spite of all the wiggling and fidgeting, he refused to let it show on his face, trying his hardest to maintain an air of dignity, the last bit of dignity he had. "Uh...Just a little bit." she said, pinching the air.

"Alright, okay, so...maybe I do! Alright? And somewhat badly, if I'll be honest. But, I suppose that was to be expected, given that I'm...sufficiently hydrated." He scowled in discomfort and folded his arms over his chest, "But, what of it?! I don't think it's any of your concern. That's for me to contend with. Just have to...try and ignore it, is all. Just have to hold off til we arrive. That's about all I can do. Wait it out..." She tapped his arm and whispered in his ear, "You could just tell him to pull over, you know? He said you could."

"And alert the entire motorcade? Absolutely not! Do you realize what that would entail?!? Everyone involved would have to be notified and they'd all make a big deal of it. Now, I don't know about you, but to me, that sounds hugely embarrassing. That being said, there's no chance in hell." he professed, biting a nail as he shook both legs, "I'm not doing it. I'm just not. I'd look pathetic!"

"Well, it's better than having to hold it the rest of the ride. It could be hours. Sure you wanna wait?"

"Beats having to write my name in the sand, so to speak, all out in the open."

"I don't think sand works that way. It's not like snow. I doubt you could write much of anything in it." Sarah said, as an aside, "It'd probably just absorb."

"Well, whatever, it's figurative...Same principle! And...take a look out there, Sarah. Take a look!" he gestured, "There's no partitions, no walls, no privacy whatsoever. Best I could get is behind one of the vehicles. And even then, per the protocol, all the officers would be stood there waiting for me to finish, which would be dreadful to say the least. Not to mention utterly humiliating! So, unless there's a sensible alternative-"

"You know we just passed someplace, like, a little over an hour ago, right? Why didn't you just go then? There were all kinds of abandoned buildings and stuff you could've gone in." His face went through a variety of expressions as he processed this information. "Well, my reasoning for that is..." he paused, holding his finger to his lip, "Well, it's simple...Quite simple, actually. Very simple. Simple explanation." he elaborated, "Fact of the matter is, I- I simply...didn't need to 'go' then." He evaded her gaze as his eyes shifted, fully recognizing how absurd an excuse that was for someone his of age and competency, "Wasn't really worth mentioning, so it hadn't occurred to me." he said, sheepishly, "But...that's beside the point, that's really not relevant! Never mind any of that. What's done is done.

Now, if by some miracle, we should stumble across anything else that bears a vague resemblance to civilization, then I'll happily take the next opportunity. If not, which seems more likely, I suppose I'll just have to hold off. Alright? It's as simple as that. End of subject." he said with finality, as if taking a stoic stance on the matter. "For two more hours? Maybe three?" she questioned, concerned for his well being, "You can't be serious. You're really gonna wait that long?"

"Why not? Certainly wouldn't be the first time! I'll have you know, I'm well accustomed."

"Wait, come to think of it, I guess you must be..." Sarah said, "You almost never have to go. Or if you do, you don't ever mention it." Now that she thought about it, she'd hardly ever heard him bring it up, which was odd considering the insane amount of coffee the man got through each day. He must have a bladder of steel. Or so she assumed. In reality, he'd just sneak off unannounced to take care of business when the need arose, and return without an explanation as to where he'd been.

The most he'd give was a "Be right back." He would never dream of stating it directly. Doing such was crass, improper, and undignified. He'd rather maintain a degree of mystery surrounding his bodily functions. They were nobody's business. A private matter to attend to. Not for public knowledge or awareness. Throughout the time they'd known each other, he'd only mentioned it twice. Now, technically, three times. Once, when they were out drinking, which was a given after he'd had a few. And on one other occasion during their travels that necessitated seeking out an empty alleyway, in which he made her keep watch for any passersby. But, aside from that, he kept the matter solely to himself.

"Matter of politeness, Sarah. I'm not exactly keen to draw attention to it." he said. He glanced away for a second, clearly embarrassed, still fanning his legs in and out, "Rather not announce it." Sarah wondered if he saw the irony in his statement, considering his body language had made his need painfully obvious. "You don't have to announce it." she said, dryly.

"Good." he said, completely missing the point. He was silent for a moment, save for his wincing breaths which made it an incredibly awkward silence at that. He wondered what must she must be thinking of him right now. Appearing so weak in front of her, at the mercy of something as pathetic as this. It made him want to hold out even longer, just to prove that he could. To stay true to his word. To prove he had the necessary level of resolve and self-mastery to do so. Because, typically he did. He could wait quite a while when he set his mind to it, hours and hours if the situation called. Often it was a necessity in not only his line of work, but throughout his education and training. He was skilled at it typically. He had to be. After all, juggling his coffee intake with uninterrupted meetings, strict schedules and limited breaks was no easy task, but he'd been accustomed and had never been caught short.

Not once. Without fail, he'd always managed, save for a handful of extremely close calls, which this was shaping up to be one of. He was confident in his ability, but perhaps too confident, and now he was in over his head, well past the point of comfort. Or, more accurately, up to his eyeballs. But, Julian was anything if not determined. Except for stubborn. And if nothing else could keep him holding on, it would be his stubbornness. He would prove his point, all the while keeping his dignity intact, even if it meant pushing himself beyond his natural limit.

"Hey, I've been meaning to ask, how much water is left?" Sarah asked, pointing to the jug at his feet, "Turns out I didn't bring enough. You were right on that one." Julian rolled his eyes. Of all things she could've said, why did she have to ask that? Was she doing this on purpose to rub it in? "See for yourself. You might be disappointed." he said, subtly boasting as if self-congratulating for his endurance. He'd truly got through an impressive amount, after all. And perhaps she'd be more understanding if she saw the sheer volume of what he was contending with. "That's it?" she asked, shocked. "That's it." Julian confirmed, "What you see is what you get." There wasn't much left, for he had really been as parched as he had claimed to be. "That means you must have..." She looked down at the mostly empty jug and back at him, with widened eyes, "You really?-" she stammered, shocked, "All of that? Seriously?!? More than half?"

"Just about!" he said, "I'd rather you not remind me." he scoffed, shifting his weight at the mere acknowledgement. He could feel every last ounce pounding against the walls of his bladder. "Well, can I have what's left? I'm still kinda thirsty."

"Go ahead, I've certainly already met my quota...Exceeded it by a long shot, as a matter of fact." he said through clenched teeth, "By a long shot." He let out another pained sigh, filled with regret, among other things, "Safe to say, I've definitely had my fill." Sarah couldn't stand to see him like this, in such discomfort. So, naturally, she urged him to help himself, as a faithful assistant should. She decided to do so with a lighthearted approach: "Julian, come on, just tell the guy. I'm sure he'll understand. Just say you have a 10-100."

Julian looked unamused at her attempt at humor, finding it slightly insulting for her to make light of it. "If only it were that simple." he remarked, evasively, licking his lips as his right leg resumed its restless routine. "It would be if you could just get over yourself." said Sarah, "I mean, nothing's stopping you. If you need to go that bad-" He held out his palm to shush her, "Sarah, look, for the last time, I'm totally fine. Bit uncomfortable, won't deny that, but as far as I'm concerned, this is little more than a 'mind over matter' scenario. And I can't exactly employ that strategy if we carry on discussing it, now can I? So I kindly suggest you drop it. Sound fair?"

"Fine, then, what should we talk about?"

"Anything. Anything to pass the time." he demanded, "Just think of something...whatever springs to mind." He cringed at his own phrasing, the word 'springs' conjuring up several unwanted images such as that of a natural springs or that of springing a leak. "Err...whatever comes to mind." he corrected. "Anything? Are you sure?" she questioned, raising her brow contrarily, a cheeky grin appearing on her face, gears clearly turning in the wrong direction. "No, no, not just anything." he stammered, "Something unrelated...Wholly unrelated."

"Like what?"

"I don't know, just use your common sense! I shouldn't need to spell out which topics are best left avoided. I'm sure you can infer."

"So...Let me guess...running water is off the table?" she teased, coyly. He furrowed his brow disapprovingly and clenched his teeth, "As cliche as it is, yes!" he affirmed, "That sort of imagery will do me no favours. Believe me."

"Alright, fair enough." she smiled, warmly, "I won't torture you." As much as she liked to jokingly push his buttons from time to time, she knew to avoid crossing his boundaries. There was a certain point where enough was enough, and she could usually sense where it was. Julian appreciated that about her, for so many others simply had no concept of such a thing, and would persist beyond that point, purely to get a rise out of someone. Sarah never did that, never took things too far. Because of that, he granted her more leeway to make the odd comment or two. So long as it was within those bounds, it was harmless fun, totally excusable in his book. "And, for the record, that extends to anything remotely liquid, you got it? I don't want to hear it. That means no dripping faucets, no rushing rapids, and no babbling brooks. Have I made myself clear?"

"Yep, very clear...Very, very clear." she said, "That reminds me...You know what else is clear?"

"Sarah, please, have some maturity! Enough is enough. I think we can both acknowledge that that one was a bit of a stretch, anyways, so if you really must carry on with this, at least try something more original. I know you can do better...Though I would thoroughly encourage you not to. Now...give me something to discuss, I could really use a distraction right about now."

"Did I ever tell you about that time I went to Niagara Falls?" she teased. Julian sighed and rolled his eyes. "Seriously, Sarah, what did I just say? What part of this don't you get? That is the absolute antithesis of a distraction. Think of something better. Give me something to talk about. Ask me a question for heaven's sake! Do what I asked!"

"Fine, then...why don't you tell me more about the academy." she asked him, leaning in with intrigue, "What was it like?"

"Y-you really want to know?"

"Yeah, tell me all about it. I never went to boarding school. Was it like what they show in the movies?" He began describing scenes from his youth: "Bit of an odd time to ask me, but, allow me to start from the beginning...my first year there, where it all began...I remember it like it was yesterday...it was a cloudy day in mid September. I was sat in the back seat of my father's sedan. All of my luggage was stashed in the boot, nearly everything I owned.

I remember it had to be at least a 2 hour drive. Non-stop, not unlike this one. He didn't want me pulling an escape act, you see. Right when I was starting to get impatient and more than a little carsick, we pulled up to the boarding school. Huge property, spanning many acres, historical brick buildings as far as the eye could see. Well, that was if you could see beyond the gates. I nearly thought I was headed to prison or some sort of labor camp. Of course, I can laugh about it now. That fence was probably only about...15 feet high. Not at all un-scalable. Not that I ever dared to try."

The idle conversation had kept him occupied for a good 45 minutes or so. Sarah kept asking questions to keep him engaged, and it seemed to work wonders. It gave him something else to focus on for a bit. He told her of his time back at school, having no shortage of anecdotes to recite. Ever the narcissist, Julian loved having any excuse to talk about himself. And Sarah took it in with no false interest, to the point where she'd almost forgotten how the subject came up in the first place.

Only, as he told her his stories, he did so in a tone which was hurried and laboured, punctuated by winces and shallow breaths, his legs continually shifting positions. "One time, they brought us into this...this hall, you see, for an assembly. I'd no idea what I was in for. Come to find out, the Headmaster had arranged for a speaker to come and give us a talking to about the dangers of-" However, his attention was quickly drawn back to the present as the driver made an announcement. "Fair warning, we're gonna hit a rough patch in a few minutes, we're going off road."

"Oh, now that's just marvelous." Julian said with mock enthusiasm, "Just excellent. Did you hear that? A long, jarring ride over the dunes." he remarked bitterly, "Talk about adding fuel to the fire." He anxiously chewed on his fingernail, horrified at the prospect, "Just what I want is to be jostled about."

"Then, I really think you'd better say something before it's too late." Sarah advised, lightly stroking his arm, "Don't you think you'd be better off?"

"No. You know my reasons." he stubbornly declined, on account of maintaining his pride. "Well...You know it's only gonna get worse if you wait." she said, appealing to his logic. "I know that." he said through clenched teeth, "Don't jynx it."

"Well, when's enough gonna be enough?" she questioned, eyes wide with concern and sympathy, "Eventually, you're gonna have to call it quits. Unless you really want to embarrass yourself. I mean, look at you, Julian, you have to go so bad you can barely sit still! You're literally gonna explode. This is ridiculous and you're probably gonna end up hurting yourself. I don't think it's worth it. Just think...wouldn't it feel so much better to get it over with?"

"Don't go there, Sarah, don't go there. I'm warning you...do not."

"Cause I bet it would! Haven't you had enough? Don't you just wanna let it all go already?"

"Stop it, don't do this to me." His lip quivered upon hearing that last sentence, his eyes nearly crossing as he tightened his clasped legs, a gut reaction that seemed to answer her question in a way that words could not. His expression appeared as if he'd been sucking on a slice of lemon. Or maybe even several, all at once. Immaturely, he put his fingers in his ears and pretended to block her out. Though, it was no help. He still heard her describe things in all-too-vivid detail, making an unhelpful mockery of the situation, trying to coax him into giving in by leaving him with no choice.

She didn't want him to hurt himself, much less embarrass himself at the meeting. All she meant to do was provide some encouragement and talk some sense into him, she hadn't quite anticipated just how torturous a few simple phrases would be...or that he would remain firm in his stance in spite of it all. "Just imagine it...wouldn't that feel sooooo good?" she continued. "Sarah! That's enough, that's enough. Seriously, that's enough. Cut it out! I demand you to stop, right this instant." he commanded, "Please! If you keep this up, you're gonna make me find out firsthand whether I want to or not! Please! You're making this worse! I-I don't need any guided imagery. I can visualize it quite well enough on my own. I don't need this right now."

"Sorry, it's just...Do you see how this makes no sense? You don't have to do this to yourself. Really, nobody's gonna make a big deal of it, it's just...a normal thing that everyone does. They can't hold that against you. Just tell the driver. I'm sure he'll let you go." She hoped this would be the permission he needed to set aside his pride and speak up. Julian knew he was being incredibly unreasonable, but yet...it seemed just as absurd to turn such an embarrassing personal matter into a fully-blown production. A coordinated maneuver would have to take place, which meant that everyone involved would have to be informed of it, as per the protocol, and everything would have to be put on pause.

All for something as trivial as urinating: which, at the moment, did not seem very trivial at all. Really, it was the opposite of trivial. It dominated his thoughts, seeming to take precedence over the upcoming summit with his colleague. It was his top priority to get it sorted, shortly upon arriving, through any means possible, even if it meant sacrificing a bit of his professionalism. But Sarah wasn't going to let him have it his way: "Here, let me show you how simple it is. I'll ask the guy, I'll act like it's for me and you can just...step aside somewhere and do your thing. No one will even notice." Julian considered it for a second. It certainly wasn't the worst idea. And it would put an end to his agony, so...it had that going for it. "Fine, ask him, just not on my behalf. Don't throw me under the bus."

"I won't, I promise."

"Now, hurry up and say something, will you?"

"I will, hold on." Sarah raised her hand to grab the drivers attention, "Excuse me?"

"Yeah?" he said, taking off his headset, "What's up?"

"Hey...could we maybe...make a pit stop?" she asked, proving just how simple it could really be. "Sorry, but, no can do. The conditions won't allow for it. We've got to keep it movin'. On the bright side, it ain't much farther. Only about a half hour or so, we made good time. Hopefully that won't be an issue." The driver raised a knowing brow at the distressed passenger, in the rearview mirror. He wasn't stupid, nor was he blind. "Oh...that's okay, I guess. Thanks anyway." said Sarah. "10-4." The driver put his headset back over his ears. Julian's face fell, the colour draining from it. "So much for that." he said, "That solved a grand total of nothing."

"Hey, you can't say I didn't try." She put her hand on his knee, "Sorry it didn't help."

"Don't be sorry. Not your fault." he said, through clenched teeth. Somehow, knowing he had no chance at getting relief made his need seem much more urgent. Not only that, but traversing the rough terrain with all its bumps and divots definitely did not help to keep it at bay. "These bumps are going to be the death of me." Julian remarked, acknowledging the harsh irony that was conspiring to make him miserable as he braced himself for another jolt. "I know, not much longer." The least she could do was try to comfort him. She truly felt sorry for him now. This wasn't his choice anymore. "Pretty soon, pretty soon." she said. He pouted pessimistically: "Not soon enough, believe me. I'll be cutting it very close. By the skin of my teeth."

"Just try not to think about it for now. We're almost there." she said. Willpower wearing thin, he decided another distraction could be of some aid, and turned to face the window, despite there being nothing of interest for miles on end. The dry landscape outside seemed to provide a refreshing contrast from his waterlogged state. His attention was quickly turned back, however, by the sound of Sarah taking a drink. His eyes turned sharp, giving her a silent warning all their own. "I thought I told you already not to shake that up! You know that won't do me any good!"

"It might if you hear me out. I thought of something. As soon as I'm all done with this, you're welcome to use it if you want." she suggested, as a last ditch effort to accommodate him. "What do you mean, use it?" he said, skeptically, narrowing his eyes. Sarah sighed, "You know what I mean! What else would you do with it?" Julian scowled in disgust at the idea, appalled she would even bring it up in the first place, not that it hadn't crossed his mind already to some extent. "If you're suggesting what I think you're suggesting-"

"I'm assuming that's a no?"

"A hard no." he emphasized, "I won't do it. Why on Earth would I even consider such a thing?"

"Well, if you gotta go, you gotta go." she justified, "And...obviously you do, so...I'm just saying it wouldn't bother me." Sure enough, he even had a answer to that: "Sarah, in spite of what you may believe, I have standards. Standards of what is and isn't acceptable. And needless to say, a plastic bottle will not suffice."

"Even this one?" she raised an eyebrow as she held it up to showcase its volume, "It's a good size."

"Yes, even this one." he scoffed with a sigh of frustration. "If that won't work for you, then I don't know what will!" she said, her eyes widening with shock. "I didn't mean it literally!" he clarified, "Of course it would...physically suffice. Should, anyhow..." Mentally, he measured it up, "Oh, what am I saying, why am I humouring you with this? It's still a hard pass! No matter how...tempting it sounds, alright? I'm not going to stoop that low. I didn't come all this way to utterly humiliate myself. If I can't do it in a proper location, I'm not doing it at all."

"Well, it's there just in case. I promise I won't judge you for it. I'll close my eyes, turn my head, cover my ears, whatever. You gotta do what you gotta do." she said. "Regardless of the...level of necessity, I'm against it." he added, "Purely on principle. I-I couldn't. And don't even get me started on the logistics!"

"What logistics?"

"The technical aspect. Moving vehicle...narrow target...I'll leave it to your imagination. Not the best idea."

"Yeah, you're right. Didn't think of that." Sarah sunk into her seat, so much for trying to help. Only, suddenly, Julian changed his mind, "On second thought...give me the bottle." he spat out, urgently, holding out his hand. "Seriously?"

"Yes, now give it here!" he demanded. "Hold on, let me screw the cap off."

"I'll do it, just give it to me, will you?!?" He snatched it roughly out of her hand, "Yeesh."

"Geez, I hope this makes you less cranky."

"Is it any wonder I'm irritated? Just let me get this over with." And just as he began to situate the jug where it needed to be, the driver raised his brow at him in the mirror. Julian gave a sheepish grin, nearly caught in the act. Luckily, he hadn't yet exposed himself, but it was still clear how he was intending to utilize the bottle. More than a little embarrassed, he backed out on the prospect, "Ah, you know what? Forget it. I-I can't do this in the car. This is inexcusable. Take it back."

"Just five more minutes." the driver pointed out, as a sort of condolence, "It's right up the road here."

"5 more minutes." Julian repeated, rubbing both hands together in anticipation, "Brilliant."

"Okay folks, we're pulling up to the property." the driver said, over the chatter from the radio. "Oh, thank god!" Julian sighed, reaching for the door handle as the words slowly registered and the building came into view, seeming much like an oasis in the middle of the desert. It was a large terra cotta structure set in the middle of the dunes, with palm trees and a fence surrounding it, and by some miracle of landscaping: tall trimmed hedges, which he had to admit seemed rather inviting at the moment for all the wrong purposes, and bright green grass, its color achieved through irrigation and the ample usage of sprinklers which just so happened to be on full blast, much to his current distaste, rivaled only by the decorative fountain which sat squarely in front of the entryway. Conveniently, or not so conveniently, the driver pulled over beside it.

"Y'all are free to go." he stepped out of the vehicle and went to convene with the rest of his posse, gawking for a moment at the distressed passenger. "Come on, let's get you inside before you burst." Sarah whispered, placing an encouraging hand on his shoulder, as she slid toward the door. "Then, we had better make haste, then, hadn't we?" he panted, through clenched teeth, bracing himself as his feet hit the pavement. "Hold on, I just gotta thank these guys first. It'll only take two seconds. You can stay here, I'll say something on your behalf."

"Well, be sure to make it quick! I certainly haven't got all day." Standing up hadn't done him many favors, in fact it was quite a disservice. He immediately doubled over and locked his knees. But that didn't seem to do the trick to stave off the effects of the shift in weight. He took a moment to collect himself while he assumed nobody was looking, engaging in a less than dignified display of unbridled urgency, as Sarah waved goodbye to the officers. It was a sequence he hadn't done since a young age, bobbing up and down with his hands clasped over his front. If anyone had seen it, he would have looked more than a little foolish.

As such, he cut it out at once, as soon as he got enough of a grip. He gave a stiff wave himself, off into the distance, so as to appease the group, along with a blatantly forced smile. As Sarah tried to speed along the idle chitchat, Julian contemplated excusing himself to the other side of the vehicle, whilst no-one was paying much attention, and giving one of the back tires a good washing, but he didn't think he could go through with it without being caught. It wouldn't have exactly been subtle, by any means. So he gave up on that, and tried to put the idea out of his mind. After all, why should he take an opportunity he'd already had available to him the entire time? It would've made his postponing all the more counter intuitive and would make it all in vain. Soon, they started making their way up the driveway. Sarah held his hand in support as they crossed the lawn. "How are you feeling?"

"How's it look like?" he sneered, "How do you think I'm feeling?"

"I take it not well?"

"Not well? I'm in agony! I'm more water-loaded than the runner up in the Kentucky Derby. I'm essentially more liquid than man at this point! It's basically up to my eyeballs!" he elaborated, unnecessarily, "So, in short, I'm not exactly in an ideal state."

"Whose fault is that?" she thought. He put himself in this situation. "Geez, sorry I asked." she said. "You should be." he groaned, inhaling sharply, body held rigid and stiffly controlled, his walk resembling more of a shuffle, "And these fountains aren't exactly doing me any favours." he scoffed, suppressing the chill the sound was sending up his spine as he passed by them, their steady streams arcing out of the base in a rather reminiscent manner, bubbling as it hit the pool of water below. He really wished he hadn't looked at it. "Oh, for the love of-" At least she didn't have one of those cherub statues. That would have really rubbed it in. "They're rather provoking, to say the least."

"Definitely." she agreed, sympathetically, "It's even getting to me a little, so I can just imagine what it's doing to you. Just...try to ignore it. You're almost there. Soon as we get inside, you'll be all set. Just hang in there. Think about something else." However, Julian was still fixated on the fountains: "She just has to show off, doesn't she? Make a huge, gaudy display. Tasteless, is what it is. Especially tasteless. Damn near impossible to ignore."

"Look at all those plants." Sarah pointed out, partly as a pleasant distraction, knowing his interest in horticulture. "Hm?"

"Look how green they are."

"It really is a waste." he said, "Though, from where I'm standing, it looks like she may have missed a spot."

"Where?" asked Sarah, naively missing his point, "I don't see anything."

"Those 6 foot hedges, parallel to the fence. See? Right in the back." he pointed, his frantic gaze shifted side to side, "Rather dry looking, I'd say. In need of a good watering, if you catch my drift." Conveniently situated in a secluded corner of the lawn, they were more than suitable for what he had in mind. Typically, he'd never consider such a thing, but desperate times called for desperate solutions. His eyes narrowed with single-minded decisiveness, "Think I'll...go and do them the honours. Keep cover for me whilst I inundate them, will you? Be back in a jif."

"Too late, she's already at the door."

"Tell her I'm doing her a favour! I'll take full responsibility. Somebody has to rise to the occasion! It's basic supply and demand!"

"Well, I doubt she'll appreciate it. Don't do it, Julian, it's a bad idea. You're already in hot water with her. I-I really don't think that's gonna help much."

"At this point, I could give a damn!"

"You won't have time. Now she's on the front steps. Look! She's looking right at us. You can't."

"Aghhh damn it! Damn it all!" he cursed, seeing her standing there, "I was this close. This close to pulling it off. I-I don't even know if I can do this. This is beyond manageable. This is on a whole new level. It's absurd, comically absurd! Everything's conspiring against me to make matters even worse than they already were. If all of this keeps up the way it's going...If I hit yet another obstacle...I can almost guarantee it won't end well." Hands clasped in front of him, he nervously bounced in place a bit more. Standing still was not an option. Unless he kept moving, he would surely do something unfathomable, "I've never had that happen, Sarah. Never not made it. Especially not in front of a colleague. This is a disaster!"

"Look, don't panic, we're gonna get this over with and you'll be fine, I promise. You're gonna make it." Sarah assured him, placing a hand on his shoulder, "I promise. It can't be more than ten minutes. All you gotta do is say hello. I bet it'll be super quick. Look, If I have to, I'll make an excuse for you so you can go." she offered. "You'll really do all of that?"

"Why wouldn't I? That's what an assistant's for, right? Of course I'm gonna help."

"Oh, you're a godsend! Really. You have no idea how badly I need this."

"Honestly I couldn't tell...You've been so subtle about it." she teased. Julian rolled his eyes, not seeing this as anywhere near being considered a laughing matter. He was in dire straits, and it really wasn't appropriate to make light of his misery. "Bet you wish you did something about it sooner, while you still had the chance..." she mentioned, "You really should've listened to me."

"What's done is done. It is what it is. I've learnt my lesson." he said, "Now, I have no choice other than to put on a brave face and hope for the best." Julian steeled himself over, straightening out as much as he could manage and forcing a neutral expression which looked far from natural. He couldn't conceal his urgency, it was remarkably evident to even the least observant. Though, Sarah didn't have the heart to tell him that. She could tell he was trying his best, given the circumstance. Muriel met them at the door. "Welcome, glad you made it." she said, greeting them, "How was the ride out? Was it smooth?"

"No, not entirely. Matter of fact, it was a grueling affair. No fault of the drivers. Err...thanks for having that arranged."

"No problem." said Muriel, "Uh...Mr. Chancellor, I can't help but notice...Are you alright?" she asked, looking him over with widened eyes, distress written plainly on his face. "You look antsy." Muriel commented in suspicion. "Sorry?"

"Don't want to assume, but you seem a little anxious. That true?"

"Yes, err...quite actually. Anxious to be your guest, that is. Mind giving us the grand tour?" he asked, quickly spitting the words out, truly only interested in one destination, "I'd quite like to see the inside, if it in any way compares with the garden. What is this, a 3 bed, 3 bath?"

"3 bed, 4 bath." she corrected, "Had one added on a while back."

"Ah, yes, quite. Mind showing me the new edition? Dying to see it." He had to give himself credit for how smoothly he slipped that into conversation. Perhaps she'd lead him there, right off the bat, without issue. "In a minute, in a minute." she interrupted, "Let's get all the pleasantries out of the way first. Then we'll get to the tour. Sound good?"

"Fine by me." The pleasantries weren't going to take very long. Best get them out of the way without making a fuss. "Oh, where are my manners? I forgot to welcome you both. Let me shake you guys' hands. It's not a summit without a handshake." She reached out and shook their hands. Julian struggled to keep still throughout it, continuously shifting his weight, and pulling faces. He had to think of an explanation for why he was wincing. "You've...got quite the strong handshake for...um..."

"Someone of my size?" she asked, in her nasal, high pitched voice. "You said it, not me."

"Thanks, I'll take that as a compliment." she smirked, leading them inside. Muriel was just shy of 5 feet tall on a good day, but her strong personality more than made up for what she was lacking in stature. Some might even call it a complex. The interior of her home was decked out in gold and gemstones, complimenting the curved lines of the architecture. Her obnoxious voice echoed throughout the large front room, along with the rapid clicking of her high heeled shoes as she made her way towards her workstation.

"Well, now that you're finally here, we can get right down to the logistics, the real nitty gritty. We're gonna cover all of the bases, right here, right now." she asserted. "Right now? Oh, you've got to be kidding me!" Julian thought, "Who does she think she is? Can't she see I'm in no mood!" Muriel put her glasses up on the bridge of her nose, the gold lanyard hanging behind her ears, "See, I have some figures here..." She started skimming through a 3 ring binder that was seemingly half her size, packed full of laminated papers, "This is the GDP from the last quarter.

The figures are through the roof. Now, as for the budget..." Julian raised his finger in an attempt to interject before she got too far into her spiel, "Uh...Muriel, hold that thought. We only just got here. Why don't we save that for some other time? Right now's really not the most convenient." He bounced twice on the spot to try and convey his meaning with as much subtlety as he could manage, "It's been an awfully long drive."

"Well, it's a good time for me, so that's what we're going with." said Muriel, insensitively, "I wanna get this meeting over and done with. I'm fully booked the rest of the day and this is my only window." Sarah interjected on his behalf, clearly she wasn't paying his words any mind. "Muriel...I hate to be a bother, but right now really isn't a good time. At all. Can we please do this later?" she pleaded, courteously, "Julian has something he needs to 'attend to'." His glare softened, this phrasing didn't embarrass him half as much as how he assumed she would put it. "Yes, quite. What she said. And rather urgently at that." he specified, subtly shifting his weight as he stood, breathing heavily, "Sarah can vouch for that. Right, Sarah?" Muriel looked toward her, glasses tilted down. "It's true." she shrugged, "It's...uh...getting pretty close to the deadline."

"Indeed. Matter of fact, it's almost overdue. So, ideally, I'd like to go and address it immediately." he added, fidgeting a bit as he stood on his tiptoes, "If you wouldn't mind me excusing myself." Muriel didn't quite seem to get the idea, outright missing the obvious signs right in front of her face, too self absorbed to care. She had to know if it was worth postponing her negotiations. "Surely it can wait til after our discussion."

"I very much doubt that."

"Come on, I can condense it down to just a few points. It'll be over in a flash. What do you say?"

"No can do. I'm under a lot of pressure right now, so to speak."

"What's so pressing that it can't wait 5 minutes" Julian racked his brain for a way to word it subtly, in a way she would sympathize. He wasn't too keen to give mention to such a private matter. At least not bluntly. So, he thought of a metaphor. "Err...Let me put it this way...Perhaps this will clue you in to what's the matter. Okay? You listening?"

"I'm listening. Go ahead. I'm sure it's a poor excuse. But go ahead."

"You see, I'm dealing with what you might consider to be a surplus of 'liquid assets', if you will, of which are in dire need of 'cashing in'." he raised his eyebrow as he slowly explained, "Catch my drift??? I'd quite like to...erm...resolve that. Preferably, straightaway."

"Oh. Oh, that! I see...I see...I get it now." she said, somewhat condescendingly, folding her hands, unimpressed by the pretense of his wording. "Why didn't you just say you needed to freshen up?" She would've preferred a more direct approach over the gratuitous monologue he had provided. Sarah thought it was pretty clever, but her patience was higher and her bar was set a lot lower. "Well, is that a yes? Am I excused?" he urgently continued, biting his lip as he raised his index finger, "Cause I could really use the facilities right about now!"

"Fine. Go ahead, go ahead. Just make it quick, I'm on a tight schedule. I don't have all day to be waiting."

"Completely understandable. Me neither." he said, through shallow breaths, "Waited long enough. Now...enough talking. Where is it?"

"Hold on, hold on a minute." Muriel interrupted, reaching for the phone, "Let me page my assistant. She'll show you where to go, one second..." Julian furrowed his brow in frustration, clenching his legs together as he was forced to wait, "I'd like to show her where to go!" he thought, "Straight to hell." He was starting to think that Muriel saw his suffering as a form of entertainment. It was either that or she was simply underestimating the issue at hand, which was probably a bit more likely. Julian thought it leaned more toward the former. Why else would she have made it such a huge production, if not as a personal affront. "Look, that's really not necessary. Seriously, I can manage well enough on my own. You needn't send anyone!" he begged, "Can't I just- I'll be two seconds. Two seconds."

"Shh...I'm on the phone!"

"Oh, lord have mercy." he remarked, tightly clenching both fists as he exhaled, face scrunched up in laboured concentration, "Please, for love of god, make this quick." Sarah looked on with pity and concern, feeling his pain. It wasn't fair to keep him waiting like this. If he was kept much longer, she was certain he wouldn't make it in time. She could tell by the look on his face. It was taking all of his focus and energy to keep holding it all in. But, somehow he was doing it. Which said a lot about his resolve.

"Uh...Camilla, can you come to the front room?" Muriel asked, over the phone, "...Oh, you're busy? Doing what?...Cleaning? Which one, off the front hall?...Well, can you drop that for a minute or two?...Just put a sign out front! I need you to...Yes, I know, I know! D'ya think you could show one of our guests to the restroom?...I dunno! Just take him to a different one...You decide, just get down here, or you'll have wind up having more cleaning to do! Alright? Bye! Sorry about that, you know how it is with the staff. You can never just ask them once." she chuckled. Sarah gave her a dirty look, making it clear how she felt about that snide comment. "Look, this is absurd." Julian reasoned, bouncing on his tiptoes impatiently, sucking air in through clenched teeth, "Incredibly, incredibly absurd! Beyond absurd! You can plainly see I'm in no state for such nonsense. Just point me to the facilities and we'll be done with it!"

"Not on your own, you'll just get lost. Just wait two seconds til my assistant gets here. I don't think that's too much to ask." Julian glanced down at his watch, "Then, I hope you have an extra wet floor sign available. We'll be needing it in a minute."

"Oh, quit your whining. She's on her way. Hold your horses." Truthfully, Muriel just didn't trust him to roam around her property unattended. Who knows what he could get into unsupervised? "Better start getting that sign ready." he threatened, only half bluffing, "Any second now. Any second. Last chance to accommodate me. Hope this floor is laminate."

"Here she is right now...Camilla!"

"Yes, Muriel?" An attractive young woman with a bronze complexion and silky black hair poked her head through the archway. "Help him, will you?" she scoffed as if it were an inconvenience, "Unless you want to dig out the mop."

"Of course, Muriel." she said, gently, folding her hands, "Come on. Right this way." Sarah gave him a sympathetic look as the employee escorted him down the hall, wishing him the best of luck as he sped off.

"It's good to meet you." she said, earnestly, shaking his hand with great enthusiasm, "Well, formally, anyways..."

"Inopportune moment, but my pleasure. You've caught me at a bad time. I'm a bit out of sorts at the moment." By the strain in his voice, it was evident. "I hate to ask this, but...are you quite alright? You seem awfully ill at ease."

"That's putting it lightly. All too lightly!" he said, annoyed, quickening his clumsy footsteps, having not an ounce of his usual grace. "What's wrong, might I ask?"

"I think it's rather obvious, no? As the saying goes, my back teeth are almost entirely submerged at the moment. So, frankly, I'd appreciate if we could pick up the pace!" His face was bright red, ashamed to admit to it so bluntly to this poor, innocent girl, "Really...could you hurry it up? Took us a 6 hour drive to get down here, nonstop, coupled with ample fluids. So, I'm in great need of some relief, as you can probably imagine."

That, too, was putting it lightly. Words couldn't even describe how desperate he truly felt. There likely hadn't been a word invented for it, as no one in their right mind would ever willingly get to this stage. Well, not unless they were part of a niche interest group. "Oh, goodness me! I'm sorry to hear that. That really is a while." said Camilla, "If I were you, I'd be dying to go! That being said, I really ought to get you there faster, shouldn't I? Let's go this way instead. I'm...really not supposed to allow this, but Muriel doesn't need to know. It's rather a bit closer than where she wanted me to send you. Matter of fact, it's the second door down. You can move the sign out of the way, it's not really closed.

She wanted me to send you all the way down the furthest end of the house. I think that would've been rather cruel, given your state. Wouldn't make much sense, either. Anyways...go on ahead, I won't hold you up any further." She kindly directed him down the hall and clasped her hands once they reached their destination. "Here it is." she said with a compassionate smile. "Ah, at last!!!" he announced, "Salvation! Excuse me a moment, will you?" He refused to hesitate, hastily pushing past her and kicking down the "Out of Order." floor sign in the process. Typically, he obeyed signs, but as far as he was concerned, this one no longer applied, not if it stood in his way after such a long and arduous wait. As far as he was concerned, it didn't matter in the slightest. Out of Order or not, he was using it anyways. He had nothing to apologize for.

Julian clicked the door shut behind him with his hip and shakily pressed the lock. Now that he was finally alone, he no longer had to maintain a veneer of composure. In that split second of engaging the lock, he set aside all sense of dignity, in favour of helplessly stepping in place with his both of his hands squeezing firmly between his legs. He leaned against the door for a second, taking a few wincing breaths as he collected himself enough to brave those last few agonizing steps. Relief was so remarkably close, right within his periphery. He could see it. The glistening white porcelain was no more than 3 feet away from him, beckoning like the beacon of hope it was, the much-anticipated solution to his urgent predicament. It was just a matter of getting to it, which sounded a lot easier in theory than it did in practice.

His bladder wasn't having any of it. Hastily, it wanted to release right then and there, right where he stood, having taken the sight of the toilet as a welcome invitation. It gave a hard spasm, sending a shiver straight through the rest of his body, signalling he had to act fast. With sheer willpower and determination, he shut the urge down, clenching every muscle in his body as he took a deep breath in and willed himself forward those final steps, shuffling quickly across the tile.

Now his feet were planted firmly in position, his eyes set straight on the target, but one more thing still stood in his way from winning the battle: He still had to undo his zip. With both hands practically glued to that area, that would not prove to be the simplest of tasks. He'd have to strategize this one. Could he afford to loosen his grip for a second? Would he be able to pull off such a risky maneuver? He supposed he really didn't have any other choice.

He removed his hands and practically yanked the thing down, frantically stepping from foot to foot as he pulled himself out, fingers shaking throughout the process, steadying his aim just in the nick of time before a powerful torrent emerged. He gasped in astonishment at the sheer intensity of it, for nothing could have prepared him for such a relentless flow to spring forth so suddenly, let alone at such extreme force. It was unbelievable, seeming to defy the very laws of nature, but it validated his plight nonetheless and made it all worthwhile.

He closed his eyes as the relief took hold, 6 hours worth of tension gradually draining away, replaced by a sense of pleasure and satisfaction. It was so pleasurable, in fact, he couldn't refrain from making a sound. "Ahhhhh yes..." He gave a very blatant and victorious sigh of relief, not taking into account he was within earshot of his colleague's assistant. If taken out of context, it would've almost sounded explicit. "Ohhh that's good..." he said to himself. And indeed it was. His eyes were practically rolling back in his head, that's just how good it was. He'd been awaiting it so long. He deserved this.

It was a reward for his persistence and steadfastness. He'd made it, he'd actually made it, in spite of all odds. He'd made it by the narrowest of narrow margins. He'd succeeded, once again, when the world was actively working against his favour. The same as he'd done when climbing the career ladder. He'd suffered tremendously along the way, but was ultimately awarded precisely what was owed to him. And it was nothing less than a triumph. The ultimate triumph: over himself, the one obstacle that usually stood in the way of his success. In some small way, he'd proven his competence, even when he thought he was doomed to fail. He enjoyed every second of his reward, savouring in the sweet, sweet relief, down to the last drop.

It felt incredible. Absolutely incredible! Magnificent, even. Glorious! Unabashedly exquisite, in every sense of the word, and embodying every single synonym in his sizeable lexicon, of which there were many. He let out one final sigh, staring in a daze up at the ceiling, as his forceful stream finally dwindled. Mentally, he mused about how long it had gone on for. Surely, he'd had to have broken some sort of record. Well, at least a personal record, anyway. How on Earth had he managed to hold this much? It was a commendable feat if ever there was one, even for someone with a bladder his size. He couldn't help but congratulate himself as he tucked himself away and did up his zipper. Julian strode over to the sink to wash his hands, humming an idle tune to himself.

Glancing in the mirror, he paused for a moment in self-reverie and reflection, feeling a deep sense of pride and satisfaction course through his veins. He felt like a new man, blessed with a brand new zeal. It was the closest he had ever come to feeling completely content and at ease. His body just felt so indescribly light, still buzzing both with remnants of relief and the intoxication of sweet success. Only, much like any other moment of contentment, it was fleeting. A sobering thought crept its way into his mind and left him with a slightly more sour taste: the thought of just how horribly embarassing this whole ordeal had been. Actually, it hadn't crept in at all, it practically hit him in the face. Julian pinched his brow and cringed, replaying the day's events. True, it could've gone worse...A hell of a lot worse, as a matter of fact, and it very nearly did. But he still couldn't shake that feeling of shame from having been seen in such a compromised state.

How did he let it get to that? What was he thinking? In hindsight, he could've easily prevented it if he hadn't been so stubborn and full of hubris. Sarah had been right from the start, and if he had just listened to her to begin with, he would've been spared the embarassment. He couldn't blame her for saying "I told you so." But, seeming as though he'd narrowly avoided what would've been an absolute disaster, he now had the right to say the same. If this didn't prove the extent of his self discipline, then nothing would.

Surely, she'd have to respect that. Nevertheless, he fully expected her to tease him mercilessly over this and reference it continuously. All in the name of good fun, of course, she'd never mean to do it maliciously, but...Julian still found it distasteful and insulting. If she truly knew better, she wouldn't mention it at all and simply pretend it never happened. She'd forget all about the moment of weakness she'd witnessed and go right back to respecting him, in all of his greatness. Or...so he hoped. Sarah wasn't going to let this one go, not without getting her fair share of entertainment from it.

Later that night, after conducting all of the negotiations that the summit involved, he and his assistant were shown to their guest quarters for the night. Somehow, as they sat talking, the topic turned back to the day's events. "Ah, I'm exhausted." Julian complained, leaning back into the couch with his hands behind his head, "What a day." He hoped that being vague would serve to avoid the discussion entirely, if he gave it just a passing mention, a brief acknowledgement, perhaps that would be the end of the matter. "I'll tell you, the drive over really took it out of me. God, that was unbearable. Really not looking forward to making the trip back. Who'd've thought it'd take so long, eh?"

"Yeah, I see what you mean. I'm pretty wiped out myself." said Sarah, with a yawn, "That was kinda boring, wasn't it? Nothing to look at for miles on end..."

"Hm." Julian affirmed, "It was agonizing."

"I bet." she said, with a knowing smirk. "Felt like ages." he added, "To say the least." Sarah laughed a little. "I'm sure it did. I bet it was ten times worse for you than it was for me, though." Julian saw right through her attempts to direct the conversation where she wanted it to go. He wasn't going to indulge her in that. Instead, he'd play dumb and deflect it until she got the idea that he wasn't keen to mention it. "How do you mean?" he said. "You know what I mean..." she teased, "I warned you that would happen but you just didn't listen. Was I right or was I wrong?"

"Fine. I'll admit it, you were right on that. Perhaps I'd've been better off had I heeded some of your wisdom. That really was foolish of me, wasn't it? Yet again I got in over my head. Typical, really. Sorry you had to witness that. That was...truly embarrassing."

"It's okay, don't even worry about it. It's all over now. On top of that, everything turned out fine." she consoled him, "And there's no reason to be embarrassed. It happens to everyone."

"Well, either way, just promise me we will never speak of it again. Capiche?"

"Sure..." she nodded, "Starting tomorrow. Then it's a deal."

"No deal. Uh-uh. Not happening. I won't have it, and that's final."

"Why not? It's not a big deal! What's the issue?"

"Quite frankly, I don't want you teasing me about it all night." he scoffed, crossing his arms over his chest. "I just want you to lighten up, is all, learn to laugh at yourself a little." she folded her hands in front of her and swayed to the side, "I think it would do you some good." Her eyes were warm and sympathetic, full of good intention. "Some other time." he dismissed, "How's that?"

"I guess that's fine." She leaned in and affectionately kissed him on the cheek, "Just so you know, I thought the whole thing was kind of cute."

"Err...I'm not sure how to respond to that..." he said, awkwardly, "But, to each their own, I suppose. Whatever sets your boat afloat."

"I didn't mean that in a weird way." she clarified, "I just can't get over that little dance you did when we got out of the car." His face turned bright red, "What dance?!?"

"Oh you know, a full blown Irish jig." she teased, doing her best imitation. "I-I don't recall having done that. Never in my life." he stammered in embarrassment. Nobody was supposed to have seen that! "For the record, it was really well choreographed." she said, "I gotta compliment you on it. How did you do that thing with your legs?" Suddenly there was a knock at the door, probably a staff person with their luggage. Julian sighed as he got up to answer it. "Perfect timing." he thought, "Get me out of this conversation."

...

So, yeah, I hope you guys liked my first attempt at posting fiction. If you want to see more of this, feel free to let me know. It took a lot for me to post this, as I have never shared any of my work before. And while I admit it may not be everyone's cup of tea, I found it very entertaining to work on this and hope it was just as entertaining to read. There's a lack of character focused, dialogue-centric stories on this site, and I'm hoping to help fill in that gap, a little at a time.

Please feel free to give me any feedback or suggestions if you have any.

