Desperate Diplomat

Author: AlwaysOmo

*001*2021-11-24 05:47

(This is another installment from my backlog of omo stories featuring my OCs. This one, in my opinion, is much better written than the first. These are in no particular order by the way, so don't expect a ton of continuity. These are literally just written as a series of oneshots as the ideas come to me. This one involves the 2 main characters going out for the evening to see a show, and although he isn't part of the performance, Julian experiences some "stage fright" of his own.)

Dressed to the nines, Julian put on the final two pieces of his ensemble, a pair of white gloves, reminiscent of a butler's, and a classic top hat. Both complimented his elegant attire. All of this called into question precisely what the occasion was that warranted such a manner of dress. The occasion in question was none other than a trip to the opera. And Julian wasn't the only one who was meticulously groomed. Sarah, too, was in her finest. The same velvet dress she wore to the jazz show and the same long gloves and pearls. All she was missing was a cigarette holder. "My, my, don't you clean up nicely?" Julian enthused, "Are we itching to leave? Have we gotten all our things together?"

"Just barely." said Sarah, "All that fits in this little bag are my keys."

"I hope you have room for your set of binoculars."

"Binoculars? Couldn't we afford better seats?"

"No, no, no, you've got this all wrong. We're in a balcony seat! Prime real estate in an opera house. That's where you get the best view."

"Yeah, when you zoom in." she teased, "Why'd you have to choose the very last row?"

"Ah...you see, I couldn't allow anyone to sit behind me. If we can learn anything from the 19th century, it's better that someone of my status take caution when at the theatre." he said, tipping his hat for effect. "Good point. Don't wanna take any chances." Sarah laughed and they headed out the door.

"Let's see here...Row C Seats 5 and 6. Row C...Row C..."

"Right up there." Sarah pointed. "Beautiful." said Julian, jogging up the steps to the balcony. "Those ones...in the middle."

"Marvelous! View's even better than I'd anticipated." Julian rubbed his hands together and settled into his seat. "Ooh, programs." said Sarah. "Let me see that." Julian examined his carefully, donning his reading glasses to do so and scratching his chin. He pursed his lips thoughtfully, although he didn't recognize any of the performers' names nor very much care to read them. He hadn't ever actually been to the opera, and had only decided to do so for the sake of showmanship and cultivating his image as cultured, cosmopolitan and continental. Not only would it serve to impress Sarah, as if she needed any woo-ing at this point, but it would make him look very impressive in the eyes of the press if they caught wind of his attendance. He had to pretend he gave a damn about the arts. "Do these things usually have an intermission?" Sarah asked. "Err...they must, surely. These shows can last up to...err...4 hours, I think. There's got to be a halfway point."

"I don't see one listed."

"Well, it's all in Italian, Sarah. I'm no Rosetta Stone, but I reckon it's in here somewhere."

"I'll take your word for it, but I'm still gonna take it easy on the wine."

"That's fair. This isn't something you want to miss a moment of."

"You think I'll enjoy it?"

"Sure...if you can tolerate unintelligible screeching and needless melodrama."

"You know what? I think I will like this, then. Sounds like a regular day at the headquarters. I can tolerate it."

"Very funny, Sarah." he said, "Look, they're pulling the curtains back! Think it's about to start. Look, there's a guy on stage!"

"That's the tech guy." she said. "Is it?" he asked, peering with his binoculars, "Oh, you may be right. He's in awfully modern attire for a period piece. But...wait a second...who's the other guy? Explain that."

"I think he's the opening act." said Sarah, half joking. Only, Julian took this as fact, not knowing any better to disprove it. "Ah, yes, quite. I'm sure he is. Good eye."

"Are there really opening acts for these things?" she asked. "Err...well, sometimes. Depends muchly on the show." he said, off-handedly, "Occasionally, they'll have something or other. Lot like a talent show. They might have someone spin plates or breathe fire or something like that."

"Sounds a lot like the circus." she said. "It's said the two are almost indistinguishable." he said, "But the lines are drawn at who the attendees are...and at the quality of the concessions."

"Darn. I could've gone for some fried dough." she said. "They might have eclairs." he said, "That's close enough, isn't it?"

"Just kidding."

"Well, whilst we wait for them to get on with the show, I think I shall take an impromptu intermission of my own." he announced, "Excuse me." Julian stood from his seat and turned toward the aisle. Just then, the others in their box started filing in and settling in their seats, effectively closing in the row from both sides, blocking off an already tight footpath. Sarah raised her brow and glanced up at him. Meanwhile, the snooty attendees tutted and stared. "Err...never mind that, I'll...reconsider." Julian sat back down, "That's fine, too. Right...suppose I'll go without an intermission." And within minutes, the lights dimmed and the show began.

It wasn't long before the waiter came round to take drink orders. Sarah ordered a glass of chardonnay, and Julian, in spite of missing out on a chance to visit the gent's, proceeded with ordering a classic martini. Not his typical order, but it was fitting for the occasion. He sipped it heartily throughout the first act and ordered a second on the waiter's second rounds, along with a cold water to wash it down with. Then, he begun losing focus...in more ways than one. Not only was he a tad tipsy, but he started glancing toward the aisles, eager to excuse himself from his seat. None of the people were budging. Their eyes were glued to the stage. Cutting in front of them was anything but advisable. If anything, it'd be highly inappropriate to do so, especially in the climax of the second act. But, Julian was getting restless, and a bit antsy. He could feel the influx of fluid working its way through his system, and with it, a certain degree of urgency.

Though, being under the influence served to soften it a bit. It numbed the sensation. But, nonetheless, it nagged him, and made it difficult to take in the scene. While he wasn't anywhere near his limit, it was indeed a frustrating scenario. At least he could take solace in the eventual intermission that would come after the act concluded, knowing this let him breathe a sigh of relief. Soon the seats would empty out to clear a path for him and all would be good. However...as the second act ended...and the third act began...it became evident that there would be no such chance for relief. Julian started shaking his leg, as he often did when under even the slightest degree of discomfort. Perceptively, Sarah caught on. "You okay?" she asked. "Fine...I just...I could use the facilities." he whispered, biting his nail, "Be nice if they'd let me."

"Seriously." she affirmed, "Me too, but I don't wanna get up and annoy anybody."

"At least it's not just me." he said. "Are you alright, though?"

"Err...I will be, I will be. So long as they let us go soon."

"What if we have to wait til the end?" she asked. "That's pushing it." he said. As the show progressed through the third act, Julian was reaching his breaking point. The music was lost on him, and now nothing more than a nuisance. He spent much of the act contorting his legs in various directions and continually shifting positions, rocking slightly in his seat. Sarah, too, wasn't her best. She decided to tap the shoulder of the person to her right. "Excuse me?" The older woman scowled at her for interrupting. "Can we just sneak by you real quick?"

"I'd prefer if you didn't." she said, snootily, "This is an important scene. I really wouldn't appreciate you blocking my view. If I were you, I'd stay in your seat. Wait til the end like the rest of us."

"Well?" Julian whispered. "She won't let us out. Try your side."

"Pardon me, good sir. My colleague and I would like to be excused. If you wouldn't mind getting up for a quick second-"

"Actually, I do mind. I'm trying to watch the performance." The man said. "I understand that. But, the both of us really need to get by."

"Tough." the man crossed his arms, "I'm not moving. Don't you know it's disrespectful to walk out mid-performance? Have you never heard of being courteous? There are some of us that actually want to see this." Julian just scoffed back. "Any luck?" Sarah asked. "None. He won't budge. Matter of fact, he was quite rude about it."

"So, what are we gonna do?"

"All we can do...Wait."

"You know it's gonna be super busy when the show lets out, there's gonna be a line." she said, voicing her concern. "Shouldn't be surprising, Sarah. Isn't there always a queue for the Ladies?" he said. "In general." she specified, shrugging her shoulders. "We'll have to see how bad it is." he said, squeezing his legs together and grinding his teeth, "I'd rather stand in a queue than skip it altogether. I'll tell you that much. Don't think I'll make it otherwise. Now, if these people would just clear a path, for heaven's sake, that wouldn't be an issue. But it's swiftly becoming one."

"How much longer do you think it's gonna be? We've got to be close to the end!"

"I dunno, I dunno. But, my word, it had better be soon."

"You're telling me." she said. But the show carried on. And on...and on. Julian had his eyes closed tightly in concentration, biting his lip and making an array of pained expressions. Sweat started dripping down his forehead as he squirmed and shook his legs. Sarah, meanwhile, was breathing heavily and had taken off her shoe to sit on her heel. Neither could pay any mind to the stage, and were more concerned with checking the clocks. This had to end soon. After all, it had been going on for well over 3 and a half hours. How much longer could it be? "This is getting ridiculous." said Julian, "If these people don't let us past, we're climbing over them. I can't take this much longer. I'm literally about to bust. I-I've had enough!" He tapped the man's shoulder again and stood up. "Right, time to move! I've got to go. Step aside. Move it, buddy, it's about time you let us past."

"I won't have you stepping in front of me and my party."

"Very well, I shall step over you, then. You've left me no choice." The man stuck out his legs to make it more difficult. "Good luck." he said, leaning back and folding his arms. "Have you no idea who we are? This is uncalled for. I could press charges for you obstructing me. This is a public disservice to the both of us."

"Oh, I know who you are, alright. I'm a journalist, Mr. Chancellor. Here to review the show." he flashed his 'Press' badge. "But, don't think I don't know your reputation. This really isn't going to help your case any. This really reveals who you truly are. Nothing but an inconsiderate nuisance. I should've known you were this impolite." The journalist scribbled a note on a piece of paper. "I have every excuse." he defended, pacing on the spot, "Now, please, I have business to attend to and my assistant does as well, so stop getting in our way. We'll answer any questions you want when we get back, just give us a chance to sort ourselves out. I don't think that's unreasonable."

"Go ahead." the man shrugged, not moving from his spot. Julian followed through on his word and took an awkward step over the man's legs, holding Sarah's hand to help her get past. "Come on, Sarah. Up and over, up and over. We don't have to stand for this. Come on." Once in the aisle, Julian paced in place a bit more, face scrunching up as he fought off a wave of urgency. "Ooh..." he took a breath, "Let's get this taken care of. Fast." Carefully, he tiptoed up the steps to the main hallway of the centre. "Let's go, let's go." he voiced. At the top of the steps, Sarah shifted her weight from hip to hip, also standing on tiptoes, waiting to be shown directions. "Come on, just round the corner."

"You mean over there?" she asked, concerned, "Is that...Are those the lines?" Julian took notice and bristled, "Apparently."

"That's all the way back to the concession stand." Sarah pointed out. "Apparently." he said again, with a pout, falling into the queue, "Sure it'll move fast. Ideally, it will." He rocked back and forth on his heels, hands in his pockets, standing stiffly upright. In case anyone else from the press were here, he had to remain at least a little composed. "You wouldn't rather just go home?" Sarah asked, "This could take a half an hour."

"I haven't got that luxury. It's this or nothing." he said, strained, "It is moving...Not near as quick as I'd like, but it is. I'd recommend you get in a queue as well. Before the theatre lets out. I'll wait for you, Sarah, I will, just-" he winced, "-hang tight. Soon as I'm finished, I'll wait with you. How's that?"

"That's fine. I just don't know how I'm gonna get this dress off. It's so tight and I can't reach the back."

"I don't know what to tell you, Sarah, just ask one of the ladies to help you. I have my own concerns at the moment. Greater than yours. Can't be in a state if the press are present." Just then, the doors opened up and the crowd started pouring out. "Go, get in the queue, meet you back in the lobby." Behind him, the journalist from earlier stepped into line. "Excuse me." He tapped his shoulder and cut in front of him. "Hey, what do you think you're doing? Jumping the queue? It's there for a reason. It's first come, first serve. And I'm serving myself first!" Julian lectured. "You cut in front of me. I think it's only fair." said the journalist, smugly. "Absolutely is not. What gives you the right?"

"Cause I felt like it. What are you gonna do, Chancellor? Press charges against me?"

"If I were you, I'd wipe that smirk off your face." said Julian, pointing mere inches from the man's chin, "I'm in no mood to argue."

"Sure seems like you are." said the journalist, whipping out his notepad, "Care to tell me more?"

"You're not interviewing me. This is not the time nor place. Can't you see I'm preoccupied?" he said, "Look, maybe once I've addressed the matter at hand, I'll oblige, but not now." Julian drew the line and continued bouncing in place, "Not now."

"Wow, Chancellor, I never realized up until now just how human you are. Do you see what I'm saying? You're no better than the rest of us."

"Believe it or not, I do have physical needs. Be nice if you took that into account and let me attend to them accordingly instead of interfering." he said, "I think you made it a point to go ahead of me. Just for the mild inconvenience it would cause. Outstanding, that is. Remarkable. Oh so clever. They should've dedicated a standing ovation. Well done."

"It's hard to take you seriously when you're dancing around like that." The man said, turning around to point it out, then facing back to the front. Julian's face turned red. "Understandable." he said, "I suppose that's justified." He gave a deep sigh and tallied up the queue. There were maybe 5 or 6 guys ahead of him. He couldn't help but scoff and roll his eyes at the ones exiting, seemingly rubbing in their contentedness. This was quite humbling, to be made to stand in a queue with ordinary people, to do something inescapably universal. Something about it cut him down to that level, that of an ordinary person. What the journalist said was right.

At the end of the day, he was just about as human as they were. But, damn, if it wasn't embarrassing, to be at the mercy of needing to fulfill basic physiological functions. So inopportune. And so public! Oh, it was humiliating, to have to stand in this line with all the rest of the men. It's like there was nothing special about him. The facade of dignity had been tarnished by his needing to do something less than dignified.

And worse yet, he couldn't avoid how public it was. There was little privacy here. No means of maintaining any sense of mystery. It was quite a compromising position to be in, and that was never good. Julian hated letting his guard down, in any capacity and this was no different. Standing here in anticipation of that, he was beginning to psych himself out. Seemingly more precedent than the pressure he felt from within, he felt a great deal of pressure imposed on him by this scenario. Maybe it was the length of the queue, or the limited space the men's room occupied, or the fact there was a journalist in front of him, but it instilled a sense of unease.

He couldn't possibly let his guard down in that setting. He couldn't possibly relax enough to do what he needed to. Not with all these people around. He hoped that perhaps the urgency of the matter would enable him, as it had done on numerous occasions, but he hadn't always been that lucky. It was quite possible his mind would override his body and cause him to clench up at the worst possible of moments. It's happened before. And, come to think of it, it had been happening more frequently in recent months, much to his frustration. A fact which he attributed to an incident that had taken place around 6 months ago: his first ever run-in with an attempted assailant, who just so happened to have ambushed him in a public restroom.

And while he wasn't expecting anyone to hold a barrel to his head this time, he surely felt the same emotion. The same vulnerability, the same level of pressure, the same fear. The fear was illogical, but nonetheless present, and went beyond the typical stage fright. A part of him was glad the journalist had cut in front of him, perhaps he would be in and out by the time it was his turn. Or, in the worst case scenario, he'd have to stand directly beside him. Only 3 more people ahead of him. Julian felt his anxiety start to grow. Would he suffer stage fright or be able to perform? The outlook didn't seem very promising.

He could feel himself beginning to lock up already. He didn't suspect he'd be able to let go. Although, he badly needed to. This only raised the stakes. And to make matters worse, he was standing mere meters from people doing it effortlessly, effectively rubbing it in even further. He could remember a time when it had been that easy, a much simpler time, where he could go whenever and wherever the need arose. It was an ability he'd taken for granted, something he didn't even recognize as an ability until the anxiety became crippling. He never realized how bad he'd let it become. In a matter of months, it had gone from occasional stage fright, perhaps 1 in 20 instances, to now 1 in 5.

Avoiding the situation had built it up in his mind and made it all the more daunting a task to embark upon, rather than a routine and matter-of-fact experience. It was beginning to place limits on his outings: where he could go and for how long. If it got any worse, if he couldn't nip it in the bud, it would surely start making an impact on his career performance. His job didn't allow him to plan around these things. He had to use whatever facilities were available, much of the time. He didn't have much of a say. Especially not in some of the remote places he had to travel to. Privacy was a luxury and not a given. Therefore, he couldn't be entitled to it. He had to get past this, before it became any more severe.

His heart rate quickened as he noticed how close it was to his turn. Being so close seemed to make his need even worse, as well. He paced in place, clenching his fists and breathing heavily. Seeing and hearing the relief of others only served to make him crave the same. Only, unlike them, he wasn't certain he could get it. Then, all of a sudden, two spots at the urinals opened up, closely adjacent to one another. The journalist gave him a look of acknowledgement, then stepped forward, expecting him to follow suit. Cause, after all, why wouldn't he? It was blatantly obvious he needed it as soon as possible. It would've made no sense to wait for the next one. And highly emasculating to have chosen the cubicle instead.

So, Julian took a deep breath, stepped up, and unzipped, putting on the facade of confidence and nonchalance, though he was shaking inside. He could do this, all he had to do was try and relax. He closed his eyes, let his shoulders drop, and gave a preliminary sigh, hoping the illusion of serenity would give way to a stream. But, as he was acutely aware of the pressure of the situation, it didn't come all that easily. Rather than turning on a faucet, it was more like coordinating the locks in a canal. He had to find the right combination to enable the flow. He had to wait for it come, for it all to line up and allow him to release. He could feel the tell-tale tingling sensation at his tip unfairly wavering whenever he went to act upon it, getting so close and fading away, frustratingly, receding back from whence it came.

He had to concentrate on latching onto the fleeting impulse before it escaped him, to take it and run with it without his anxiety putting a cork in it. And, after about 18 seconds, he had it, finally. He managed to relax just enough to coax some out, though it took all of his mental effort to keep the pitiful trickle from suddenly stopping. It was anything but the easy task it used to be, but it was something at the very least, even if painfully meager. So long as he could maintain it, he could fully drain himself, which was about all he could ask for. But, just as he'd gotten properly started, just as some of the pressure began to ease, the journalist started asking him questions, which cut things off entirely. "Chancellor...would you be open to an interview?"

"Tonight?" he asked in concern. "Since you're available."

"No can do." he said, "Not tonight."

"How come? You said you'd take a moment to answer some of my questions." The journalist stepped aside and stood at the other side of the partition to continue talking to the official. "I haven't got time." he muttered, "I'll explain further in a minute. Quite clearly, I'm busy right now."

"That's alright. I can wait for you." said the journalist, standing intrusively with his arm over the partition. "I'd rather you didn't, please."

"You want your privacy. Gotcha. That makes sense. Meet you outside." Julian flashed a false smile then went back to focusing on the task at hand. Only, now, he'd lost his opportunity. People were waiting and would most likely judge him if he took any longer. Anything longer than a minute or so was excessive at best, or questionable at worst. How pathetic would it be if people knew he had stage fright? He simply had to pretend he had gone, pretend to be relieved. Unfortunately this included having to go to the sink and run his hands under the water whilst he washed his hands, which certainly did him no favors. He left, unsatisfied, and worse off than he started. Now he had to deal with the journalist. "Ready for our chat, Chancellor?"

"One second, just...let me find my assistant and run it by her. One second." Sarah was at the center of the queue to the Ladies'. "There you are." she said, "Feel better?"

"Eh...not quite. Not exactly. I'll explain to you later. We have to get out of here. That journalist is still up my behind! Now he wants an interview."

"You said you'd give him one." she reasoned. "That was before all of this transpired." he said, gesturing vaguely. He leaned in to explain what was going on, "I'm having a problem. I-I err... couldn't...accomplish what I set out to. I had a bit of stage fright. I-I need to find somewhere else to go. Someplace more secluded. Apart from the crowds. We need to get home." he whispered, "ASAP."

"You mean you didn't-?"

"No! That's what I'm trying to explain to you!"

"Okay, okay, relax." Sarah held out her palm, "We can leave."

"Oh, good. Thank heavens. Let's go. Come on."

"Mind waiting 5 minutes?" she asked, "I'll be quick, I'll be quick."

"Fine, fine." said Julian, "Here, let me help you with your dress. I'll start the zip. Just try to be in and out before the press comes looking for me, yeah?" Julian stepped off to the side and scrolled through his messages, all the while unable to keep still. He was really getting irritated now. And frustrated with himself. If not for the episode of stage fright, he'd've been fine.

The job would've been done and he'd've been on his merry way. But, instead, he was stuck having to sit with an uncomfortable fullness he couldn't be rid of until the environment promoted his ability to relieve it. It was such nonsense! Truly. How did some people live like this? Was it too much to ask to be able to have a piss? It shouldn't be this hard. But his irrational performance anxiety and lingering PTSD had made it that way, turned a simple routine task into an impossible feat. And there was nothing more frustrating than needing something quite badly and having it right in front of you, but being unable to seize it.

"Oh, come on, Sarah, hurry up." he thought, "Just because it's easy for you..." Out of the corner of his eye he spotted the grey hair and blue suit of the man he'd promised an interview. Only, this time he had a clipboard in his arm and a messenger bag full of who knows what. He was searching for him. Julian tried to conceal himself from view, ducking behind the closest corner, an evasive maneuver he knew quite well. He typed a note into his phone's memo pad: "Note to self: invest in secret service." If he'd had a bodyguard present, he could keep these pesky press folks at a fair distance.

Coincidentally, the venue's directory was on the adjacent wall, perfect for planning a swift exit. There was a side exit down an underused stairwell that led directly to the parking garage. It wasn't clear if it was open to the public, but it was better than taking the main set of stairs with the rest of the crowd. He idly scratched his head as he examined the map, until someone tapped his shoulder and he jumped 10 figurative feet in the air. "Agh!" he shouted, turning his head round to see who it was. "Don't be scared, it's just me." said Sarah, in her soothing familiar voice, switching to stroking his shoulder to calm him. "Don't do that! Don't sneak up behind me. I told you that already." Julian snapped, "Do you realize the damage that could've caused? These trousers are dry clean only!"

"Sorry, sorry. Anyway, you wanna go?"

"Not down the main stairs. The side exit." he pointed, "Now, I'm warning you, I can't walk very fast." Every few steps he would close his eyes and wince. His walk was indeed rather awkward. Somehow, they were able to avoid the journalist and reach the parking garage without much ado. Soon they were in the comfortable confines of the car. Julian sighed and took a moment to collect himself before attempting to drive, grabbing himself and squirming in the seat. "I'll just about make it home." he said, reaching now for the gear shaft, "Provided we don't hit any traffic."

Sarah was a little confused: If he needed to go so badly, why didn't he manage to when he had the chance? It didn't add up. What had stopped him? "Do you always get stage fright?" she asked. Julian blushed as it was quite a personal question to ask. She didn't need to know of such a private trouble. But perhaps if he explained, she would understand. "Never used to." he said, "It's...err...a rather recent development. Nonetheless distressing. It's becoming more frequent. Used to be only every once in a while, but now it's starting to be a nuisance. I know it may sound a bit laughable, but...I really can't do it with people watching me. It's no laughing matter. It's not a joke." he said, "I looked it up, it's a real condition. Paruresis, they call it. Real, geniune medical condition."

"Well, if it's a condition, how do you treat it?" she asked. "Unfortunately, it's exposure therapy. You have to...err...let people watch you. And to that I say, no way in hell. Can't think of anything more debasing. I'd rather just avoid it like I have been doing."

"Wait a second...is this why we've been rushing home so much lately?"

"I don't know what you mean."

"We'll be out for a while then all of a sudden you tell me it's time to leave and when we get home you head straight to the en-suite."

"I thought you wouldn't notice that." he sighed, "But...what can I say, that situation with the attacker took its toll on me. That man came up behind me before I could even get my zipper up. I was vulnerable. Go through that kind of trauma and you would want to avoid that, too."

"You know that's not gonna happen again. Nobody's gonna attack you. They just want to do their business and get out, same as you."

"Doesn't matter. I still...lock up. It's indiscriminate. Unless I feel totally at ease, I can barely manage to pass even so much as a drop."

"Did you try thinking of-"

"Yes, Sarah, I did. Believe me. All that and then some. Every water fixture you can think of. Makes no difference. Just makes it all the more frustrating. Now, can we please stop talking about it? Placing all this focus on it doesn't help. It might just impede matters. If I feel any type of pressure, I-I'll find it impossible. So don't make a big deal of it. Best we stop discussing it altogether."

"Well, other than that little...setback, what did you think of the show?"

"Boring. Incredibly boring. No way around it. I don't see what the appeal is. Never again."

"Oh, thank god. I hated it. I just didn't want to say anything and sound unsophisticated."

"Went over my head as well, and that fat woman's voice went straight through me. I still don't quite understand why she was wearing a helmet with horns on it, let alone what purpose it served. Not to mention, I don't speak a lick of Italian, so it was all complete jibberish to me."

"Glad we can agree." said Sarah.

20 minutes later, they pulled down the driveway to the headquarters. The automatic wrought iron gates closed behind the vehicle as it passed over the sensor in the pavement. Shortly after pulling into the garage, without hesitation, Julian grabbed the keys and slammed the door behind him, taking off in a half-sprint. "Right, I'm off. You know precisely where I'm headed. Next time you see me, I shall be very refreshed."

"Wait, I'm coming with you." said Sarah. "What? Why?"

"Exposure therapy." she said, "You trust me. Why don't you just try it? It might help you."

"Can't you pick a better time? I've got to go, pronto! I can't have you disrupting the process."

"So you do know some Italian." Sarah joked. "Not funny. I'm not in a joking mood. And you're not coming in with me, I won't have it! I'm locking the door, turning on the soundproofing fan, and...so on and so forth, et cetera, et cetera. End of bloody subject. Now, please, I'm begging you, get out of the way and stop further delaying me."

"How about I stand outside the door?" she wagered. "Fine." he conceded, just wanting to move things along, "But no less than 5 and a half feet from it. No pressing your ear up."

"Okay, deal." she said. Doubled over with his posture fully stiffened, Julian turned the door handle and in a split second locked himself inside the water closet, flipping on the light and the noise-cancelling fan. He could see the shadow of Sarah's feet from the bottom of the door, and thus was acutely aware of her proximity. Though she was indeed the agreed distance apart, she might as well have been right there watching him. Knowing she was out there, waiting and anticipating, stressed him out and placed an inordinate amount of pressure on him.

Meanwhile, the pressure down below was reaching a peak. So tight, so bloated, so swollen, so desperate for relief. It felt like his lower regions could split open. But yet, as he stood there, staring downward at the clean porcelain, nothing was happening, nothing whatsoever, not even a drop. His body was giving no signals, as if it had given up on a willful release. He feared it impossible at this point, that he would have to admit himself into the emergency room and have a catheter inserted. That didn't seem too farfetched, given the magnitude.

There was clearly something wrong with his body, if even now, when the circumstances were more than appropriate, it still didn't comply. Julian tried a bit of everything: from closing his eyes and using visual techniques, to counting back from 100, to firmly pressing below his navel, and none of it worked. The last one only caused him more pain. He even went so far as to try a seated position, which also proved ineffective.

With each attempt, his anxiety surrounding it worsened tenfold. He didn't understand this. Before he had a reason to freeze up, but now? Now? In his own home? Someplace completely acceptable? Perhaps the problem was not the environment after all, it was within his own mind. He'd created a self-fulfilling prophecy, for the worst case scenario to come true. He'd made it impossible for himself, purely through incessant worry and preoccupation. But surely there had to be a limit, right? Eventually it would start happening on its own, right? That's usually how this worked.

Eventually it would happen whether he had a say in it or not, which typically seemed a horrible notion, only now he could only wish it would. It almost seemed the only way, save for the even less desirable trip to the medical center. Having stood outside for nearly 15 minutes, Sarah knocked at the door. "Hey, you okay?" Julian shuffled over and unlocked it, looking extremely disheveled and truly exhausted, eyes beginning to tear up from the level of pain his need was causing him. He almost couldn't speak. He had a lump in his throat.

"Nowhere near it." he said, weakly. Sarah pouted in sympathy, "Still no?" Julian shook his head, "No dice." he said, "If anything, I'm even worse now than I had been. No matter what I do, it's just not coming! I don't know how that's even remotely possible! I don't know what to do! You've got to help me! I'm serious! I think there's something seriously wrong with me. My bladder's not working properly. It's not doing what it's supposed to. What if I broke it?! What if I- What if it stays like this?" He begun to hyperventilate, catastrophizing the situation to an absurd degree. The panic this was causing was counter-intuitive to what he really needed, which was to relax, "If it doesn't let up, it's only a matter of time before I start drowning from the inside!"

"Breathe, Julian. Breathe. Relax." said Sarah, lowering her palm at the rate he ought to be breathing, "You know that's not gonna happen. You just have to stay calm and nature will do the rest. If you want, I'll walk away. I'll go to the complete other side of the house. I'll even sit in the car if you want me to. Whatever's gonna help. If you need total privacy, you got it. Forget I ever tried to do the exposure stuff. You obviously weren't ready. It probably just made things worse, and I'm sorry. What do you want me to do? What's gonna help you?"

"I'm willing to try anything." he said, desperately, "And I mean anything. This hurts more than you can believe. I'm in actual pain. I mean, look at this, Sarah, does this look pleasant to you?" Julian lifted up his shirt to showcase his pelvic region. It looked like he had a small water balloon sitting under his skin: taut and firm and swelling as it bulged over his waistband. Sarah winced at the sight, imagining just how it might feel to be holding back as much as he evidently was. "Ooh...ouch." she said. "Ouch indeed." he said, "Ouch doesn't cut it. I need to finally put an end to this. One way or another."

"This might sound crazy-" said Sarah, "But...maybe you should have a glass of water."

"That's not just crazy, that's insane! Why make it any worse?"

"You can only hold so much! It might just speed things up." she rationalized. "Or, I could rupture something. Bad idea." he said, "What else have you got?"

"You could get in the shower. Or...try doing the dishes, that always works on me." she suggested, "Or...you know...I could try to help you relax."

"What would that involve?" he asked, eyes narrowing in slight suspicion. "Hear me out: We'll go in together, we'll run the faucet and I can give you a little massage to loosen you up. Do you wanna try that?"

"I'll try anything!"

"Here, I'll put the sink on." said Sarah, "Do you want it on low or high?"

"Go with medium." said Julian, "Enough to inspire me, but not too much to compete with." The sound grated against his ears for it was really the last thing he wanted to hear. He knew it was meant to remind him of something, but when he couldn't do said something it was all the more irritating. "There. Really listen to that. Focus on it. Picture it in your mind." she said. "You really think this'll help?"

"Shh...Just...listen for a few seconds." Sarah went quiet to allow the sound to sink in. Julian just nodded and did as obliged, closing his eyes tightly and concentrating on it. "Are you inspired yet? Does it help?"

"I certainly hear it." he said, oddly having no luck. It did little more than frustrate him. "Then, why don't you look at it, try that! I'll turn it down. You can watch it instead." Sarah found the sweet spot to where it resembled exactly what it was meant to evoke. "There we go, look at that. That should work." she said, pointing out the running faucet, "That's gonna be you in a minute." she teased. Julian felt a bit patronized by her means of helping. It was all a bit too childish and cliche for his liking, and was the exact same tactic his mother had used on him as a toddler. "I doubt it." he said, "Like something so blatantly obvious is going to work! As if I'm going to be susceptible." He had to admit, it did tempt him, though it did little to ease his tension. In fact, it made him even more tense. And urgent, too, causing him to step from foot to foot. But yet, nothing transpired, apart from strain. "I dunno, you might be. Just go with the flow, see what happens."

"A pun, Sarah, really? That's all you have to offer?"

"Well, maybe if the water doesn't do it, then maybe certain words might. You're more of an auditory person anyways, right?"

"Generally speaking."

"Then how about this...I have a couple of suggestions that might get you going. Wanna hear them?"

"I'll do anything..." he breathed, holding a hand to his distended abdomen, "Anything that might put an end to this." She looked over him with pity and concern, hoping to do him a favor and ease his pain. "Okay...this might sound silly, but hear me out." she disclosed, "Think of a nice big fountain..." Julian made a face, his features scrunching up in distaste, confirming that he had indeed thought of it. "Or...a majestic waterfall." Sarah continued. Julian grew visibly tenser, maybe that was a good sign, maybe he would release soon. From the looks of things, he was begging to, there was no way he could keep it in much longer. Surely, this would urge him to finally let go. Sarah decided to embellish a bit more: "Picture it cascading over the mountainside into a huge river and flowing out into the sea."

"Sarah, that's enough. It's not helping. All it's doing is making me jealous. Can we try something else?"

"Like what? What do you think might help you?"

"How about that massage you promised me? Let's try that."

"You got it." She stood behind him and first eased the tension in his shoulders, encouraging him to take some deep breaths. "What do you think? Can you let go now? It's just you and me. In our house. There's nothing to be embarrassed of. Just let it happen. I won't judge you." she said, attempting to soothe him. That seemed to help a bit. Julian felt a bit more comfortable. Oddly enough, more comfortable now with Sarah here beside him than he did in private when he had to struggle with this alone. He let out a small sigh. Sarah continued, her arms now wrapping supportively around his shoulders, encasing him in a warm embrace.

"Whenever you're ready, my guy, there's no rush. As long as it takes, I'm here. Don't even worry. Just...close your eyes and relax. I promise you it'll work. You can't wait forever. It's gonna come." Her hands wandered down toward the small bump below his belly button, trailing her fingertips around it in the hopes it would help to stimulate the process. Julian winced at her slight touch. That's just how sensitive it was. "Does that hurt?" Sarah asked, pulling back. "A bit, yes! It is my bladder, after all. What are you doing?!"

"I wanted to massage it." she said, "Might make you feel better. I'll be gentle, see? I'm not gonna press hard. Not unless you want me to." She rubbed the sensitive area in small circles, careful not to apply too much pressure. It was remarkable how taut the skin felt. The organ beneath it was truly over-saturated and over strained. Perhaps loosening the muscles around it would coax it to empty. She ran her hands along his sides and over his abdomen in the hopes it would assist, gently using her palm to push ever so slightly inward.

Julian let out an unexpected whimper, clenching his teeth from the acute sensation. Only, her prodding caused something else unexpected, as well, something which he'd long been awaiting: it caused him to let go a little. He gasped, eyes widening at the suddenness of it all. What was this, a miracle? He actually did it. Her squeezing seemed to do the trick, albeit inadvertently. It left him with no choice other than to urinate for a second or two. Were this not the objective, he'd've profusely apologized. His face deeply reddened. "That's it...There you go." said Sarah, gently, so as to not cause him any undue shame, "Just let it out, let all of it out. It's okay. You don't have to fight it."

"Wait a minute? You're not...bothered? Standing right behind me if I-?"

"Would I still be standing here?" she replied, rhetorically. He turned his head around to acknowledge her, and to scan for any signs of the contrary written on her face, of which he found none. She was telling the truth. It reassured him. "It's okay. I want you to go." she whispered. A wave of calm set over him, a shiver rang throughout his body, a systemic relaxation took hold. Something finally clicked. He finally felt himself able, the heavy burning tension giving way to an irresistibly promising reflex, one that seemed easier to give into than it was to ignore. He took a small breath, intense in focus, and as soon as he exhaled, a small stream finally managed to pour forth, much to his surprise.

The floodgates hadn't fully opened, but he would take what he could get. Even if it was painfully slow, at least it was steady and ongoing. "There you go...Just relax." Sarah continued to coax him along, pushing lightly on his tummy and kneading her fingers along his sides, continuing to hold him in her warm embrace. She didn't speak much, so as not to freeze him up. She found that when she pressed just a tiny bit harder, it helped to increase his flow. A part of her found this a bit of a turn on, one she didn't know she had, to be having a hand in something so intimate, to assist in relieving her partner. And when he tilted his head back and let out a pleasurable sigh, it was hard not to see the sexual parallels, "Ahhhh..."

Julian felt an intense euphoria from the release, shivers overtaking his body as he begun to let go completely, "My word, that's better. Soooo much better. Ahh, so good..." He brushed her hand aside, he didn't need her coaxing anymore. Sarah offered help to guide his aim, instead, tentatively reaching toward her partner's most intimate appendage, "May I?" Not only was this a tad bit exciting for her, it would allow him to close his eyes and fully savor his relief. To her surprise, he allowed her to proceed. She stepped up closely behind him and held steadily over his grip, for he still insisted on maintaining some semblance of control, as was to be expected. He gave a long sigh, a contented smile forming on his face as he closed his eyes, dazed by the intensity of the relief. He couldn't help it. It felt incredible to finally let it all go. And he just kept going, full force, for the longest time. His cheeks reddened a bit, slightly self-conscious of this.

But he knew Sarah wouldn't comment on it. She showed no signs of embarrassment or disgust, just pure acceptance. Rather than the nerve-wracking and humiliating experience he assumed it would be to do this in her company, it was actually rather reassuring and indeed very intimate. Through this, he learned the problem didn't lie in who was and wasn't in the room nor how much privacy he had, but in his own insecurity and fear of vulnerability. With Sarah, he could do the impossible: let his guard down. Entirely. Open up and trust.

This was the ultimate exercise of that trust, to do something he'd never done in such close company, to be seen in such a private state, and to allow himself to be helped in a time of need. Julian felt his confidence surge, feeling secure in himself, in this moment. What should've been terribly awkward turned out to be a bonding experience, albeit a very odd one. "Ahh..." he sighed, the stream gradually dwindling in pressure to a more average level. He already felt much better than he did 30 seconds ago. He could breathe a bit more easily. "Hey...you almost done?" Sarah asked, tactfully, "My hand's starting to cramp up."

"Nearly." he said, "I can take it from here, Sarah. You can take a step back. Not much left." A few seconds passed as Sarah quickly washed her hands. "Right...Finished....Finito." said Julian,as a form of unnecessary announcement. He glanced down and to his surprise, his stream had started back up again. "Err...hold on, on second thought, I might've spoke too soon." Sarah rolled her eyes and laughed. "My god! Where does it end?" he remarked, making light of it.

"Take your time, take your time. I don't have any plans tomorrow." she said. They both had to acknowledge the inherent humor.

It seemed to clear the air and fill what would've been an uncomfortable silence, helping to cover up the echoes of bubbling that were now intermittent. After those last few trickles, Julian paused for a second, furrowing his brow, before giving a conclusive sigh, this time truly finished. "Ah. That checks that off the list." he said, nonchalantly, shaking it off in more ways than one, "Problem solved, mission accomplished." He rearranged himself and slid over to the sink, idly whistling to himself as if he could pretend it hadn't happened at all. "Aren't you forgetting something?" said Sarah, expecting some words of gratitude, or at the very least some form of acknowledgement. "If this is about the seat again- You saw me put it down!"

"No, not that. Something else."

"What? Did I leave my fly down or something? What is it?"

"Don't you have something to say to me?"

"I'm sorry you had to witness that." he said, "I hope that didn't...spoil your image of me."

"Oh, please, Julian, I've seen you throw up, remember that? I held the bucket for you. If that didn't ruin you for me, nothing will!" she said, "You think I can't handle seeing you pee?"

"Shh...don't say that so loud. The neighbors don't need to know about it!" he said, "What we get up to in this house is our business and our business alone."

"Julian...we don't have neighbors."

"Well, if we did, I wouldn't want them overhearing that! You have to admit this was a bit weird, Sarah. I think you were a bit too eager." he said, "Don't mean to accuse, but I suspect you may have enjoyed that more than you should've."

"What? No! Where are you getting that idea from?" Sarah blushed, revealing the truth. "How hands on you were." he said, "I didn't tell you to grab a hold of me. Not that I was complaining. Now if only you were always that forward." He smirked and smugly shrugged his shoulders back, "But I'll have you know, I appreciate the favour. Truly. I really was in absolute agony before you stepped in to help me. If not for your help, I'd've probably had to go to the emergency room and had a tube shoved up my- err, never mind, forget I said that. But, thanks. I've got to hand it to you and your...ingenuity."

"Any time." she said, "Now, do you mind? I think it's my turn. Watching you made me have to go again!"

"Think I'll stay..." he said, "Even things off. That's fair, isn't it?"

"I don't care." she shrugged, "I don't have a problem with that."

"Sarah, please, I'm kidding! You don't have to- You're seriously gonna-"

"Yup." she said, proudly, proceeding anyway and taking a seat on the toilet. Julian shielded his eyes and turned toward the door, shaking his head, "Unbelievable! What am I going to do with you, Sarah? My god!" Childishly, she laughed, "Are we even now?" Julian turned his head and snuck a peek, "Now we are." he remarked, "One for one. Or...number one for number one, I suppose."

"I'm glad we're this comfortable with each other." said Sarah. "Bit too comfortable from my standpoint." Julian sighed. "It's good for you." she said with a wink, "Now, how about we go be comfortable in the bedroom? All of this has me oddly turned on."

"Well, that does sound like a strange reaction, but who am I to discriminate?" he agreed, "Sure. Why not?"

"I hope you don't mind me picturing you like that. I hope that's not too kinky."

"It certainly is, but it's your sick mind." he teased, "But I suppose that's why you're with me in the first place. You're a sicko. Sick in the head. But you have impeccable taste in men." He adjusted his collar in the mirror, stroking his ego in the process, "I'll tell you that for sure."

"Don't compliment yourself." she teased. "I'll compliment myself all I would like. You know that's part of the foreplay. Really gets me going." he said, egotistically. "Are you sure you wouldn't rather have sex with yourself?" she teased. "I wouldn't be opposed to it. I'll tell you something, Sarah...something I've never told anyone...but if I ever had a clone-"

"That's gross. That's like doing it with your own twin." she said. "What? And you wouldn't if you had a clone?" he questioned, "Willing to bet anyone would. Surely everyone's thought of it at least once."

"I'm willing to bet you've thought of it more than just once." she said. "I decline to answer that." he said, "But would you? If the opportunity arose?"

"I'm not that desperate." she said. "Right, you'd both probably just lie there anyways. Nothing much would happen." he said. She gave him a look, not impressed by his comment. "What? Too far?" he asked, "I thought it was rather funny."

"A little." she said, pinching the air and pouting dramatically in disapproval. "That's fair...Didn't kill the mood, though, did it?" he asked, begging for forgiveness so he wouldn't lose out on some action. "I can brush it off. It's probably true." she acknowledged. "Then, why don't you prove me wrong?" he suggested, "I know you like a challenge."

"Then, you caught me at a good time." she said, with a coy smile, "Come on, let's go to bed. Maybe I can help you relieve some more tension."

