A wet and relaxing morning (Azur Lane)

Author: Aquamin

*000*2019-12-03 22:58

%https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/71586741

Inspired by this picture

$$

Thanks to the people in the discord omorashi chat for suggesting songs.

North Carolina slowly stirred under her bedsheets. She slowly opened her eyes, rubbing them as she adjusted to the early morning light coming in through a small frosted up window.

She turned over and reached over to her bedstand and grabbed the phone lying upon it. The metal felt freezing to the touch after the long Autumn night. She quickly retracted her hand after pushing the power button and reached down under her blankets. Her hand ran down her soft pink nightdress before reaching her snow-white panties.

Carolina thought about what she was doing and how naughty it was. Before retiring for the night she had abstained from visiting the bathroom and tripled the amount of warm milk she drank. That warm milk had coursed its way through her body overnight, before coming to rest in her now bursting bladder. Carolina smiled as she pulled back her nightdress and stroked her bloated bladder. She squeezed it lightly and felt a surge of pleasure strike her pussy. She bit down on her finger to stifle a soft moan, a full bladder felt so good.

She removed both her hands and reached over for her now active phone, her eyes squinting at the displayed time in bold font. 7:43 am. She smiled. She had plenty of time to do what she wanted. Straining against the urge to stay in her warm, soft bed, Carolina swung her legs out from under the duvet and stood up. For many with as full a bladder as she had this would have caused quite a substantial leak or even a full-on wetting, but for someone with practice in the art of holding like her, it was no problem. She wondered over to her desk and reached underneath it, pulling out a 500ml bottle of water. Without delay, she threw off the cap and downed the whole thing in seconds like it was the last drink in her life.

Placing the now drained bottle upon her desk, she turned and made her way into the bathroom. The toilet looked so inviting with the lid open, something her bladder was quick to remind her off but she dismissed it. She was in control here. Flicking on the light, she turned to face herself in the mirror, she had a gorgeous body and she knew it. Her luscious blonde hair and pearl blue eyes could captivate many men and women with just a glance, and her soft breasts were certain to draw many eyes in revealing clothes like what she was currently wearing.

But to admire these features was not why she was here, turning to the right, she lifted her nightdress to reveal her bladder bulge. She inspected it for a moment before smiling with pride as she judged the bulge to be about an inch. She rubbed a hand over it and felt its steel-like hardness under her fingers before suddenly crossing her legs as a wave of desperation hit her, giggling all the while. She enjoyed the desperation for a moment, letting herself relax just a little as her pee pounded on her bladder, pleading to be let out.

She laughed as she danced in desperation, twisting her legs together before running on the spot with her hand shoved up between her thighs. After a minute of this, she seized back control and stopped dancing, her aching bladder once more submitting to her. North Carolina pulled down her nightdress before grabbing a yellow towel and exiting the bathroom. Back in her bedroom, she walked back over to her bed before laying the towel down where she was going to lie under the covers. But before she did this she needed one more thing. She pulled open her bedside drawer and retrieved a pair of headphones which she plugged into her phone. A wave of excitement shot through her as she clambered into bed.

Making sure the towel was in position, she lay back and picked up her phone. Placing an earbud inside each ear, she scrolled through her playlists until finding the one she wanted, Morning special time. This was a special playlist just for times like this when she had a river bottled up inside of her and a comfy bed to lie in. She tapped on it and waited for the randomized song to play.

%https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKi9Z-f6qX4

As soothing notes started to play she lay back and let herself sink into the mattress and pillow. She could hardly contain both her jubilation and her piss as she thought about what was about to happen.

Taking a deep breath, she clenched every muscle in her body causing her to go stiff. She held this state for a few seconds as the music flowed into her ears before she closed her eyes and placed her legs together. With her bladder seconds away from exploding and her hormones raging inside her she let out her breath, before letting everything relax.

Immediately her lower lips were forced open as a cascade of hot pee burst into her white panties, saturating them before flowing through and onto the towel. Carolina fought the urge to touch herself and remained relaxed, with only the music and the fellow of warmth spreading across her pussy and legs being on her mind. A puddle began to form in the crack between Carolina's legs, the sensation causing her hairs to stand on end and her heart to flutter. As the warmth spread down into her butt she could only squeal as she went over the edge and crashed into an orgasm.

She lost track of time after that as her mind was frazzled by the mass of sensations felt in her nether regions but eventually, the stream faded away and her bladder was finally empty. Slowly her eyes fluttered open as she gasped for air. She reached up and pulled off her headphones before feeling under her butt. Her fingers were immediately covered by the puddle that had a moment ago been couped up inside her. As she felt around the large wet spot left on the towel she felt a sense of satisfaction at the size of it.

Outside her room, she could suddenly hear the movement of other shipgirls running to their duties and she sighed as she realized she would have to get up for real. She picked up her phone and paused her music before checking the time. 7:57 am. A smirk spread across her face, she had time for one last thing. Pulling down her soaked panties, she began to rub her swollen lips. This would not take long.

Thanks for reading. This was a bit odd for me to write because there was no dialogue but I hope I did it well

