Naughty girl

Author: AlmostWet

*000*2024-05-01 18:03

I'm going to be naughty today. I want to wet myself in class but I don't have the nerve to just pee myself in front of everyone. So during the break in class I will drink a bottle of water instead of using the bathroom. So by the end of class I will need to pee but should still be dry (i hope). On the way home I will stop and get a 2 liter of coke and munchies. When I get home I will put a plastic sheet on my chair and a puppy pad on top of it. Then a blanket over the top to make it seem normal. I will start a movie as soon as I get there.

I will not get up from the chair until the movie is over. Unless I end up having to go poop really bad that would just be to messy unless im really into the movie and that will just have to wait too but that will only happen if i skip my morning poop or eat pizza, someone knocks on the door, even then I will not use the bathroom, or the house catches on fire then wet or maybe dirty panties will be the least of my worries. I will be drinking and munching during the whole movie. So I will be sitting there doing what ever I can to stay dry (and clean) but in the end propably in wet pants (with skid marks ?) for at least part of the movie.

###

Skipping the break was no big deal, I had to go but only a little bit. On a normal day I might have not bothered going then any way. By the end of class I full. It took effort to hold it in and any normal person would would stop and peed at that point. Cause leaving with a full bladder is setting yourself up to have to do laundry. But not me, not this day, I plan on being a naughty girl today. I'm going walk right past the bathroom and head off to the store and not pay any attention to the fact my bladder is telling me to make a pit stop.

In the store I could feel the pressure slowly building the whole time I was shopping. Before I finished picking out my items I had gone from pleasantly full to crossing my legs. I even leaked a full fledged squirt when i bent down to get the chips. No puddle, but a wet spot on my pants. And this time no bathroom in sight. So i had to PP dance to regain control. Everyone around was watching me an giving my funny looks. One little girl said look mommy that girl has to go potty. I almost ran for the bathroom right then but I didn't know where it was. I held it together but just barely.

I made it home with just a couple more drips coming out. By the time I got home my bladders request for a pit stop had turned into a toilet!, now! message. In fact when I walked through the door I automatically started running towards the bathroom. Then I caught myself and said oh no you don't, naughty girls like me don't run to the bathroom just because they they are so full they already wet their pants a little. With as full as I was and my body knowing it was headed to the toilet before I stopped it made me have to dance and hold myself to hold it in.

As I started the movie and pored the coke into a glass ( flowing water sound) my bladder sent me a message you really need to go before the move starts or else and to emphase the point it forced out another few drops. But I told it no I am not going to behave today no matter how full you get or how much you complain. I just crossed my legs and sat back to enjoy the movie. I made it through the first part of the movie by crossing my legs and sitting on my heal. After about an hour of that I started to leak little squirts again. I ended up putting my hand between my legs and holding myself. That worked for a while then I started rubbing myself, that worked for a few more minutes, and felt good at the same time, then even that didn't stop the leaks from happening. Then for about 10 or 15 minutes I sat there effectively masturbating with spurts of pee dripping around my fingers and onto the chair.

It was fun and exciting. I'm not sure what was more fun playing with myself or loosing control and peeing my pants. But when my heart beat fastest was when I squirted in the store and not knowing if I was going to make out of the store without leaving a total puddle and knowing everyone was watching me pp dance and that they might be able to see the wet spot and know i already peed my pants a little.

