Unleashing a river (Based on Biku art)

Author: Aquamin

*000*2020-02-28 01:32

$$https://www.omorashi.org/uploads/monthly_2020_02/bwpee.png.b3c18d332fd28c03ea0516337eea7e68.png

Based on this lovely art piece by best Waifu Biku and endorsed by him to post on the org.

So I suppose I should introduce myself to you guys. Hi, I'm Amelia, 21 at the time of the story and writing. I'm currently in university away from my native Baltimore and living it up with my two roommates/besties; Beth and Maddy. We live, love and laugh together; and they are the reason I'm writing this. Lemme tell you something about myself: I hate using public restrooms. It doesn't matter shit where it is Uni, cafe, museum or even the fucking library; I won't use their facilities. I don't even know why if I'm honest, just never really liked public lavatories. Perhaps obviously, this has led to some close calls and near misses. Bushes have been a panty saver on many occasions. But not on the time I'm gonna tell you about.

Quick description of myself and clothes: 5,3 with B cups, black medium length hair, green eyes and caucasian. I was wearing a black skirt, blue jacket, black knee-high socks ( i adore them to death), some cheap sneakers and most importantly a pair of white panties with black seam.

So my day goes as it ordinarily does, classes, studying and shooting the shit. However, the day was as hot as hell. Everyone was sweating buckets throughout the entire day. Loads of people were gulping down water, myself kinda included. I reckon I had drunk around 700ml by the time I packed up to head out at 5pm. Important to note I hadn't taken a piss since 2:30pm so, I was feeling a little need to empty the tank. Of course, I would have to walk back to my dorm for this; no problem since its only a quick hop from where I was chilling out listening to some Queen. So I take my stuff and make my way out of the building, hands in my empty jacket pockets and "Its a kind of magic"playing in my ears. I sing out loud sometimes, and that is one of my favs to do so too. My dorm building is right across the forum from the building I was in, just FYI.

So I and my slightly full bladder skip our mellow ass over to the awkwardly heavy front double doors of my dorm building and heave them open. Stairs are so tiring, but I need my exercise so up I go. Within moments I'm at the door to my dorm, thinking do I go and piss right now or have a cheeky lil hold? Turns out it will be neither. The door opens for me, and Maddy latches herself onto me. "What's up, Amelia? Had a good time studying for your biology exam while I and Beth be making plans?" She said this all within like 5 seconds, the gal's a bomb of energy. I'm studying to become a doc if you wanted to know. While I was in her grizzly bear strength death hug, she squished my bladder ever so slightly; felt nice if I'm honest, not too much discomfort. I pry myself from her vice-like grip "It was pretty relaxing if I'm straight with you Mad's, (her nickname) just sitting back with a book, good fucking music and an ice-cool bottle of H2O."

Beth comes out of her bedroom, blanket around her arms and flannel on her head. "Maddy, for the 30th time I ain't coming to the bar tonight; I look like I've been dragged through the dump." She sniffled after every word, and her hair was in such a shambles; flu is a bitch. "I know, I know," Maddy keeps her distance from Beth while saying this, she doesn't want the bug Beth has. Especially not on her birthday. What exactly was the big plan I hear you ask dear reader? Get absolutely fucking wasted because it is her 21st. Well, that was the plan.

"Humph, fine then Amelia is coming with me" she demanded, sounding like a bitchy anime character. And with those words, my evening was decided; you do not argue with Maddy when she has her mind set on something. Now you might be saying "Amelia you can just go to the bathroom now before you leave your dorm. Its only 5pm and there is no way she can seriously ask you not to pee before you leave." Why yes I could have gone. I could have wandered into the bathroom, whipped down my undies and pissed on the usually warm toilet. But unfortunately, I couldn't.

Beth had rendered the toilet a no go until the uni's caretakers came, at 7pm. Maddy wanted to leave at 6pm. What about the dormitory's communal toilets? Nope, they are public toilets. The one pisser in the entire city I felt comfy using was out of order. Well shit, guess I was holding for the long term because I don't want to let down Mad's on her 21st birthday. I was worried a bit, but I thought I could hold firm until we got back; whenever that was.

So I spent the next hour waiting for Maddy to get finished up, making sure to drink not even a sip; I needed as much mileage out of my bladder as possible. Gotta admit though, Maddy looked like the bomb. Strawberry blonde up in a ponytail with blue jeans and red hoodie. "You ready to go?" she asked, a mix of excitement and impatience in her voice. I got off the bed and nodded, I played the moment from ROTJ where Lando says "Here goes nothing" in my head for some reason. So we both head out, two girls looking for a good time. Everything is gonna be perfect, Maddy has the bar she wanted to go to and even what drink she was gonna order decided. She took us to the wrong street. Then missed the bar's huge ass sign on the right street, fuck me she can be a bit dim. The third time was the charm, and we were in the bar only about an hour later than expected. And she said it was a quick walk.

So the time was around 7:45, we found two barstools and made our order.

She made her choice first, a small beer can; nothing too fancy. I'm not the biggest fan of alcohol, so I bought a Pepsi. Quick bladder report: I'm at the point of "I probably should try and pee soon." My bladder was not hurting or anything, just bit uncomfy. Not how I'd like to be, but no need for alarm. So then the waiter (a guy named Jeff, he's a nice dude) brings out the drinks. Small beer for Maddy, and a fucking litre of coke for me. My jaw was somewhere between my thigh highs and my pussy, I could feel it quiver in terror at the sight of this monster. A few seconds ago I was chill, now I was pretty heckin unchill.

Can you picture someone holding a plastic bag, partially full, and then bumping a litre bottle of Pepsi into it? That was how I was picturing that drink and my bladder, just noisily pouring a litre into my bladder. The confidence I had before: smashed. The "hey, gonna be a nice night" attitude: washed away in black, bubbly, fizzy beverages. I checked the menu; what did I actually order? "1 litre Pepsi supreme, meant for couples." There was no chance Maddy was sharing this with me, she hates sharing cutlery let alone a drink. I could just leave part of the drink, but then Maddy might think I'm not well or enjoying the evening. I was trapped between a barstool and a soda.

FIZZZZZ. Maddy cracked open her cold one and looked at me with a face that would make a Soviet commissar go "awwww."

"Bottoms up, Amelia!!" She clicked our drinks together, causing a few millilitres of pop to flow out. I watched it splash against the dark tile floor, not understanding that it was almost like an omen of what was to come. "Yeah," I said with a touch of apprehension "bottoms up." Maddy immediately knocked back her can, loudly gulping down for about 3 seconds. Her fucking facial reaction killed me. "UUUUUUWUWWUWWWUWWUEGGGGGGGGGGG" she screeched, killing me even more "that tastes like bulls piss." She slapped herself on the chest and quickly asked the waiter for an apple juice. "Hahahaa, how would you know what bulls piss tastes like?" My amusement at her situation was obvious. "Fuck you, Amelia, go suck off James from next door" she jokingly retorted, giggling and coughing. "Bitch you know imma lesbian, so it would be Jessica from down the hall."

"I'll tell her that" she half-joking half-seriously threatened. "You won't, Maddy, no balls."

"Literally you idiot, I got a puss puss like you; but i seriously will unless you do something."

"Oh yeah, what?" I put my mouth to my humongous mug and took a sip. She smiled "Chug it."

I know I know, it was a dumb idea to do so. But I was hyped up on banter energy, dare daringness and slight worry she would tell Jessica (who is actually not attracted to). Within a minute, I had taken it all in. The 1 litre that, I would have spaced over an hour or more, had made its way to my bladder in one swoop. It suddenly dawned on me how bad I had fucked up. I was not a 100% certain at that time, but part of me knew this wasn't gonna end well.

Now here is where I would put what I and Maddy were doing for the next 3 hours. That's right, 3 hours. I left the bar at 10:45pm exactly. I would put what I and Maddy were doing, but most of it is personal stuff and boring so I won't. What I will tell you is that I love this woman for what she did at 9:36. She moved us to a secluded table, where neither she nor anyone else could see me under it. My hand was glued my crotch squeezing myself with a grip that could bend steel. My thigh high's were rubbed together so quickly as I bounded my crossed legs I almost wore a hole in them. My legs ached from how much I shook. By the 10:45 I couldn't take it anymore. I made an excuse to Maddy, saying I felt unwell and needed to return to the dorm. She understood, probably thinking I caught what Beth had, and bade me farewell.

The warm sunlight had been banished by the dark night, the chill not helping my situation. The streets had life, but not enough to make it feel crowded. I was visibly sweating and in discomfort. My legs were constantly rubbing together, and I had to fight to keep myself from shoving my hands hard into my crotch. It was desperation like I had never felt before. My bladder didn't know if it wanted to expand or let everything out in a tidal wave of piss. Honestly, all I wanted was to sleep; I was exhausted. My tiptoe steps were delicate and precise. One wrong move and I would be adding another river to this city.

My bladder was like a weight under me, dragging me down and impeding my movement. I was so full and desperate I thought something was wrong with me, I considered calling 911; but quickly came to my senses. My breathing was almost gasp-like, I sucked in air like it was going out of style. The streets and building seemed to go on forever, my dorm and relief so far but so close. I was cursing and moaning as I went along, I feel so sorry for the old lady who heard me.

Eventually, I came upon the place that brings me here; a destination that fate willed me to go to. An alleyway with no entrances to businesses and a dumpster to hide behind. When I laid eyes on that big blue son of a bitch, a roll of thunder came. It was like a sign from the heavens. Although it was actually the F-16s from the nearby Air Force Base. I locked eyes with it, clint Eastwood style, ready for its move. Yeah, this batshit moment lasted a few seconds before my bladder was like "hey, I'm about to dump Niagra falls, Lake Victoria and every other large body of water into your panties." So, with what felt like a ton of urine in my belly, I "hurried" behind this dumpster. A dead-end; perfect. I can let it go in a dark alley, with no witnesses. But not in the perfectly good toilet in the bar. Well, no use overthinking things now.

So I hook my thumbs around the black seam of my panties and tug them down to where my knee socks end. Totally dry by some miracle. I adopt a doubled over stance, hands clasped, elbows rested on my knees. I spread my legs and prepare myself. All the while, my bladder muscles are screaming at me to let go. My bladder is pushing with all its might to get my brain to let go. As soon as I think my shoes are out of the blast zone, I give in.

Lemme tell you something. Holy shit. Fucking god. Jesus on a bike, bitches on a trike, you have no idea the sheer bliss I felt. My bladder didn't pee, or piss, or firehose, or spray, or spurt. Go onto youtube and look up "emergency dam discharges." Now take the most powerful one you can find and double it. The pee screamed out of me like a gusher, an absolute rush of warm liquid. The splattering against the dry ground was orgasmic on its own. I could feel the ripples through my bladder as it pumped out piss, it was like someone squeezing a bottle. It pushed my urethra wide open and soaked my entire crotch, not just my vagina, the whole crotch.

My thighs, despite being spread wide, were getting a thin coating of my hot pee. My thigh highs got their inner sides saturated, my shoes became like swimming pool's edges. The steam began to rise like someone had set off a special effect, I was sure that something was on fire due to the heat and force of the stream. And my bladder was still full as hell. I had peeked down a few times at it while walking, and it bulged at least a few inches. I touched it once, with my pinky finger as gently as possible. My bladder was literally steel. I have no other way of explaining its weight or its hardness. I moaned so god damn loud I was like a hentai character getting dicked good 'n' hard. But Nah, I'm a lesbian anyway, it was just an Atlantic ocean leaving my bladder.

1 and a half minutes of this display of this forceful bladder contents removal went by before the stream slowed. After another minute and my long hold's dramatic ending was over. I was a panting mess. My heart was racing, loins dying for attention and a puddle the size of Washington DC under my soaked feet. But hey, at least my panties were dry. Or were they? I checked with my fingers and found they were a little damp, but not much. I took a moment to gather myself, then pulled up my panties. The squelch and splash underfoot as I left my artificial ocean behind almost made me orgasm. Out in the street, no one was aware of what I did; and I intended to keep it that way.

Quickly, though careful not to rub my lower region too much with my thighs, I left the area and made my way back to my dorm. beth was asleep, the poor girl needed her rest, so I stayed as quiet as I could. A note on the bathroom door informed me that the caretakers had been around and fixed the toilet. Better late than never, I suppose. I took a quick shower, threw my clothes into the wash and scribbled some notes about the day in my diary. That's all I remember before tiredness overtook me and I fell into a deep and well-deserved sleep.

