Sorority initiation (A.I)

Author: Altiat

*000*2024-04-17 07:07

So, as the title suggests, this story was guided by A.I. I have a handful of perfect scenarios in my imagination that I could recycle indefinitely. I guess that’s a round about way of extending an open invitation to consider this an edit-able, rough draft. Actually I would love to see some of your edits to this.

###

Spoiler

The living room was decorated in shades of pink and white, as if someone had taken a can of spray paint and covered everything in a sugary frosting. The walls were adorned with framed photos of the sisters, each one looking more regal and perfect than the last. In the center of the room, a massive crystal chandelier hung overhead, casting a warm glow across the group of young women seated on the floor. They were all wearing matching pink sweatpants and oversized T-shirts, their hair pulled back into high ponytails.

Tonight was the initiation night for their new recruit, and she knelt in front of the high priestess, a woman who exuded an air of calm confidence. The initiate was nervous, her heart racing as she awaited her instructions. She had been through weeks of training, learning the ways of the sisterhood, and now it all came down to this moment. As the high priestess studied her face, she felt a surge of determination welling up inside her. She would prove herself worthy of this honor, no matter what challenges lay ahead.

Finally, the high priestess spoke. "You have trained long and hard, my dear. Tonight, you will show us your dedication. You must drink six cans of beer in one sitting." She handed the initiate a six-pack, the familiar logo of their favorite brewery gleaming back at her. "Do not hesitate, and do not question. Drink, and prove your place among us."

The initiate took a deep breath, feeling the weight of the cans in her hands. She popped the tab on the first can and brought it to her lips. The cool, hoppy flavor filled her mouth, and she swallowed greedily. One down, five to go. She repeated the process with the second can, the third, and the fourth. With each sip, she felt a growing sense of camaraderie with her sisters, who cheered her on, their voices growing louder and more encouraging.

The fifth can seemed to go down easier than the first, and the sixth can was almost a formality. She felt a burning sensation in her chest as she finished the last sip, her throat raw and her stomach beginning to churn. But she didn't let it show on her face. She met the high priestess's gaze, steady and unwavering, as she set the empty cans down at her feet. A murmur ran through the group of sisters, their eyes fixed on her, assessing. She could feel their admiration and their approval.

The high priestess nodded, her expression solemn. "Very well done, my daughter. You have proven yourself worthy." Her voice was like honey, smooth and sweet, but with an edge that sent a shiver down the initiate's spine. "But remember, this is only the beginning. The real test is yet to come." She leaned in closer, her breath warm against the initiate's ear.

An hour of casual conversation went by with each of the sisters occasionally getting up to use the bathroom. The initiate found herself sitting next to the high priestess, listening to stories of their past exploits. Some were dark and twisted, others laugh-out-loud funny, but they all had one thing in common: they were filled with a power and a passion that the initiate had never experienced before. She felt like she was being initiated not just into a sisterhood, but into a whole new world.

Suddenly, the need to urinate hit her pretty hard. She tried to suppress the urge, but it was no use. As politely as possible, she excused herself from the high priestess and stood up. The room fell silent as she made her way across the floor. “Erhm, where do you think you’re going? You haven't been dismissed yet, you know." The high priestess's voice was stern, but there was a hint of amusement in it.”

The initiate turned around, her cheeks flushing. "I-I'm sorry, my lady. I just really have to pee." She lowered her gaze, hoping the older woman would understand.

“Awww you need to pee? Not right now, sit back down.” the high priestess said with a serious tone. She then reached out and pulled the initiate back down to her previous sitting position, practically forcing her back onto the chair. The initiate felt a mixture of embarrassment and shock, but also a strange sense of powerlessness and submission. The high priestess placed her hand on the initiate's shoulder, squeezing it gently, but firmly. "Now, where were we?" she asked, a mischievous glint in her eye. The other sisters in the room chuckled softly, some nudging each other and exchanging knowing glances.

The initiate felt a hot flush creeping up her neck as she tried to compose herself. She looked around the room, taking in the various sisters and their reactions. Some seemed amused, others seemed to be taking it more seriously. Despite her discomfort, she couldn't help but feel a strange sense of belonging and acceptance. She knew that this was just the beginning of her initiation, and that there would be more challenges ahead. But for now, she would endure whatever they threw at her, even if it meant having to hold it in for a little longer.

But as the minutes crept by, the pledges bladder was rapidly filling, she began to squirm uncomfortably in her seat, her knuckles turning white as she gripped the arms of the chair tightly. She could feel the pressure increasing in her lower abdomen and a growing sense of desperation building inside her. She glanced at the high priestess, hoping for some sign that she could excuse herself, but the older woman's expression was unreadable.

Suddenly, one of the sisters nearby let out a soft chuckle, which quickly spread around the room. The initiate felt a hot flush creep up her neck as she realized they were laughing at her predicament.

“Miss, can I please go to the bathroom?!” The initiate blurted out, her voice cracking under the pressure. She felt a tear slide down her cheek as she spoke, the desperation overwhelming her. The room fell silent for a moment, and she held her breath, hoping that the high priestess would finally relent.

“Absolutely not.” The high priestess replied curtly, her tone leaving no room for argument. The initiate's face flushed crimson with humiliation as she felt the weight of her bladder grow even heavier. She tried to steel herself, to bear the discomfort as the seconds ticked by.

“And here’s the thing, if you pee yourself before you’re excused, you don’t make the sisterhood.” The high priestess said, her voice cold and unforgiving.

The initiate felt a wave of panic wash over her as she struggled to control her bladder. She tried to focus on anything else, but the pressure in her abdomen was becoming unbearable. She bit down on her bottom lip, tears streaming down her cheeks as she fought against the overwhelming need to release herself.

Around her, the other sisters continued watching intensely the initiate's suffering. The room was silent except for the occasional snickering and the sound of her own ragged breathing. Time seemed to slow down as she felt her bladder begin to spasm involuntarily. She clenched her fists, digging her nails into her palms as she tried to find some relief from the pain.

"I can't hold it anymore," she whispered, tears streaming down her face. Her voice was barely audible over the blood rushing in her ears.

"Please, just let me go."

The high priestess remained impassive, her expression unreadable. The other sisters in the room exchanged knowing glances, some nodding almost imperceptibly.

“No.”

The initiate felt a hot flush creep up her neck as her bladder spasmed violently, sending waves of pain coursing through her body. Her muscles tensed, every fiber in her being focused on containing the flood that threatened to break free. But it was no use. With a groan of desperation, she felt the first hot trickle of urine slide down her inner thigh.

PLEAAASE!!! the initiate screamed desperately, as her body tensed and trembled. Her breath came out in ragged gasps, her eyes clenched shut as tears streamed down her face. The wetness spread, soaking into her sweatpants, and she could feel the warmth of her urine seeping into the cushion beneath her.

“Please, Please, Please, OMGGG Please let me piss!!”

The initiate's mind raced, her thoughts disjointed and desperate. Tears streamed down her face as she writhed in her seat, the pain in her bladder becoming unbearable. The warmth of urine spreading through her sweatpants, pooling in her lap, and soaking into the chair beneath her. The high priestess remained impassive, her expression unyielding. The other sisters watched with a mixture of pity and amusement, some whispering among themselves.

Time seemed to stand still as the initiate fought against the relentless pressure in her bladder. Her muscles quivered with the effort of containing the onslaught of urine, but it was clear that she could hold on no longer. With a silent scream of anguish, she let go, relinquishing control to the unyielding force within her.

She pissed full force for a minute straight while weeping. It was as if her body had decided it couldn't hold it anymore, and just let it all out. The high priestess continued to look at her disapprovingly, her expression unyielding. The other sisters in the room exchanged glances, some looking away in discomfort, while others couldn't help but watch with morbid fascination.

Spoiler
