The assistants of Katherine Andrews: Laura`s first day

Author: Apan

*018*2022-10-30 10:21

Right, in my desire to leave no stone unturned and no loose ends untied, I will provide an alternate ending for this one as well, as with the other two. As usual, we'll pick up the action by the last chapter. Hope you'll enjoy the ride, because Laura most certainly won't.

Spoiler

As they approached the car, Laura did some haphazard maths in her head; it would take another half hour to get back to the office, provided they could avoid the evening traffic. She had no idea if she could hold it that long, but she knew she had to. Just a half hour car ride, then take the elevator up to the lobby and run to the toilet. Big girls don't piss themselves, and she was a big girl, thus she won't piss herself!

Laura carefully folded herself into the passenger seat, afraid to part her legs even for one second, clenching her muscles and slid herself onto the bright leather seat. As Katherine eased out of the carpark, Laura sat with her legs bobbing up and down with her hands folded and pressing down into her lap. The pain was unbelievable and she was absolutely brimming with urine. Her kidneys continued pressing more and more into her bladder but it wouldn't be long until it had nowhere else to go than out in her pants.

They reached a junction just as the traffic lights turned red, forcing Katherine to slow down to a halt.

"Oh please, no, not this! Oh God, I don't have time for this! Please change, please change!" Laura panically thought to herself, desperately staring out the car window at the red light. She crossed her legs tightly as she felt a major surge going through her lower regions.

The lights changed and they were on their way again, heading out on the outer city route, further leading out onto the freeway. Laura sat with her legs in a tight knot, rocking back and forth with her hands underneath her. Her bladder throbbed harder and harder and she could feel the urine pressing onto her sphincter. It hurt so much. Tears emerged in her eyes. She became more and more certain that she would finally have an accident before they were back.

Then, as they were still approaching the freeway on the outer route, Laura spotted a sign announcing a petrol station in a couple of kilometers. Her mind went into overdrive. This was her last chance! She was still very much afraid to upset her boss who had just told her off though. But she was minutes from totally flooding the car. Oh god, I have to say something, I can’t wait any longer!!

But she was so very shy, so anxious that Katherine would have a go at her yet again. She was constantly twisting and turning on the seat while grinding her thighs back and forth over each other. The pain was overwhelming and her poor muscles couldn't handle much more. Just ask her, she will understand! They approached another sign; now there was only one kilometer left. She began to silently sob out of pure desperation and frustration over her stupid shyness. You have to ask her to pull in there! You will piss yourself otherwise!! You can’t hold it till you’re back!!!

Katherine speeded past the sign and turned the car over into the overtaking lane in order to get past a couple of cars moving just a tad bit too slow for her tastes. Laura sat there, saying nothing, biting her lip, panting in utter frustration. Soon they would pass that petrol station at speed. She screamed at herself inside her head. YOU’RE GONNA PISS YOURSELF IN YOUR BOSS’S CAR! SAY IT, JUST SAY SOMETHING GODDAMNIT!

She saw the station sign in the distance and almost started to cry out of frustration. She had to, she just had to. She braced herself:

“…Miss Andrews, I’m so sorry, please don’t be mad but I really really have to find a bathroom, could we please just turn into that petrol station real quick, I really can’t hold it any longer, I have to go now, I’m so sorry, please don’t be mad, please!”

She breathlessly spouted out her desperate plea without pausing between words and was almost crying by now, out of desperation, humiliation and fear of being scolded for her childish request. The next second felt like eternity as Laura sat there sniffling, waiting for a reply.

“You really can’t wait until we are back?” Katherine replied, more matter-of-factly rather than sternly, “We’re only about twenty minutes away from the office. Surely you can wait.”

They were fast approaching the station, only a few hundred meters before they would pass it! Laura panicked and started sobbing even more.

“I can’t, I’m sorry, I really really really have to go, please, please, I’m so so so sorry, please Miss Andrews, please pull in!!”

Katherine sighed. She knew she had not much choice lest she wanted to out her inner sadism in front of her poor subject. Laura was a good girl, she didn’t really deserve this and Katherine knew it. She had to relent and let the poor girl get to the toilet before she had an accident. Look at her even now, all red-faced and crying. Who knows just how devastated she would be if she did wet herself after having been so explicitly denied her last chance of dry salvation?

Just as they were about to pass the sliproad, Katherine slowed down and steered the car onto it and towards the petrol station.

“Alright, I guess another five minutes won’t make any difference, but be quick!” Katherine said as she turned the car onto the concourse.

“Oh thank you, Miss Andrews, thankyouthankyouthankyou, I will be quick, I promise, thank you so so so much!!!” Laura responded as the car slowed down to a halt. She only had to make it inside and to the restroom and she would be saved. But her bladder was pulsating hard and she realized that she wouldn’t even be able to stand up straight. She opened the door and stumbled out of the car, holding herself up by the doorframe, her left leg constantly pressing over her right as she tripped forward with small small microsteps while slowly rising her tortured body into a half-erect pose.

Katherine was already debating her decision to give in. It would have been so hot to watch Laura totally drench her pants there in the passenger seat. She could have made up an excuse of being short on time, but then again, it was the end of the workday so probably not. And she couldn’t escape the very fact that Laura was such a sweet and ambitious girl. It wouldn’t be right to force her to go in her pants, and on her first day at that. Katherine convinced herself that she should be proud of her newly acquired warrior instead, having suffered in silence for so long and still managing to keep it together. It’s been like ten hours, her bladder must be massive! She couldn’t help but wonder just how big a lake Laura would have produced, had she not made it...

“Right, might as well top up the car”, Katherine thought and got out to fill the tank.

Meanwhile, Laura walked, or tried to walk, hunched over, tightly scissoring her legs around each other while putting one foot in front of the other as fast as she could. She couldn’t have straightened up if her life depended on it, the pain was overwhelming, each miniscule jolt caused by her steps threatened to open the taps and release her day’s worth of urine into her business slacks. She sobbed in total frustration and fear of there being a queue, or it being locked, or there not even being a public restroom there! Oh God, please please please, not that!

She advanced through the entrance, pausing for just one second to scan the inside of the station, spotting a short hallway leading past the cash register on her left and what just had to be their public convenience, it just had to. Still without being able to keep her composure, she hobbled towards it, her knees held together as tightly as a pair of pliers while alternately grinding them across each other. As she got closer she saw the universal sign on the door – that stylized man, woman and wheelchair within a blue square that for most people most of the time meant nothing, but for Laura it meant a world and a half; it meant not wetting her elegant pant suit in public in a gas station with people coming and going!

One of those people was a young man who had just entered the station to pay for his petrol only moments after Laura’s not very graceful entrance. He immediately noticed the cute young redhead in a business suit clearly stressed out of her mind, and as he spotted her crisscrossing legs he realized at once what was up. His chap stiffened inside his jeans and his heart beat faster as he watched her struggle towards the restroom from where he stood at the entrance doors. He could not afford to miss this!

The young man just then decided that he was on the lookout for wiper blades which just happened to be located in the sales rack closest to the register. Of course, what he really wanted was a vantage point from where he could observe how things would play out for that obviously very desperate business lady. So he proceeded to pretend looking through the assortment of blades while glancing towards the restroom with an ever increasing heart rate. He silently implored whatever god there might be that the restroom would be occupied…

Laura implored as well, albeit for the exact opposite, as she waddled towards the restroom door. She felt a giant spasm through her body and her poor sphincter almost couldn’t withstand the enormous pressure from above. By pure reflex, she immediately shoved her right hand deep into her crotch, despite it highlighting her public distress even further. The young man stood holding a pack of wiper blades while nervously watching Laura bending over with crossed legs and holding her crotch in front of the restroom door, momentarily unable to move. Then he saw her left hand reach for the handle. Be occupied, please be occupied. These things just don’t happen, and it is about to happen!

She pulled down the handle. Please be occupied!

And it was.

His heart went into overdrive.

Laura panicked. The second she realized the door wouldn’t open she switched her leg crossing, pressing with all her might against her crotch while rustling the handle in total despair. Her bladder had just about had enough and when the next giant spasm arrived, it relented.

SSSHHH

“No….nononono….please no….” Laura cried breathlessly. This was so unfair! She was starting to piss herself at the very finishing line, in her elegant professional suit, and in a crowded service station at that! It’s so so so unfair! She was just about to make it! Why did the toilet have to be taken now of all times?!

“Hey, I think you need to ask for a key to the restroom!”

A man who was just getting out the door had spotted the brief but intense struggle taking place down that short hallway and felt compelled to chip in while passing. Laura, having just clamped of that fatal spurt, waddled back towards the register and right then she encountered her boss having entered the station to pay for the petrol.

“Miss Andrews…. It’s locked… I need… oh god… I need a key… oh god… it’s too late… I’m having an accident!!!!!”

Laura could hardly string two words together by this point, tears beginning to run down her cute face as she stood in front of her boss, cross-legged and crouching, clamping down so hard on herself that she was shaking. The young guy still tried to look more interested in wipers than in a beautiful young office lady about to have a massive accident right in his sight. By now he was failing badly.

“Oh… we’ll ask for the key then” Katherine replied. Somehow the desperate display of her cute assistant being just seconds from totally humiliating herself in a public setting became too much even for her. She had no choice but to take pity on poor Laura. So she turned to the cashier who was in the midst of helping out a customer.

“Excuse me sir, I hate to interrupt but we are having an emergency here. Could you lend us the restroom key, please?” Katherine requested.

“Oh, really sorry about that, we locked it up as it’s not functional at the moment. I thought we had a sign up but apparently not, sorry.”

Laura almost fainted. She bent forward a little more as she whined in total despair. The young guy stood biting his lip while stupidly holding onto the wiper blade catalogue, all but failing to give off the impression of actually reading it.

“You don’t suppose we could borrow the staff toilet? She really can’t wait any longer.” Katherine enquired, making a gesture towards her poor colleague.

“Sorry, we are not allowed to let customers in back there. Security reasons, sorry.” the cashier replied casually. Katherine cranked up her authoritativeness a notch.

“Come on, she is about to have an accident! It can’t be that much of a deal to let her use your restroom when the public one is out of order, can it?”

“…please….” Laura chirped in, all teary-eyed and panting, feeling yet another spasm causing her to convulse slightly. Oh my god did it hurt so very very much!

The cashier hesitated for a moment. The wiper guy, having overheard the back-and-forth by the register, silently implored him not to give in.

“Alright, I’ll go back there and ask the manager if it’s ok to let her in. I can’t promise anything though. I’ll be back in a second”, and with that he asked the customer to bear with him for a moment as he disappeared through the door behind the counter.

While waiting for him to come back, Laura stood frozen in place with her legs crossed and bent down, one hand holding onto the cash register counter, the other buried deep into her now damp crotch. She panted, praying with all her might that she would be allowed to use the staff toilet. The seconds trudged on, feeling like eternities in her poor desperate mind.

Then suddenly, a cramp!

SSSHH

Her hand getting warmer…

“No… oh no….”

SSSSHH

…and even warmer….

“I can’t hold it…. oh no… no….”

Laura panicked, realizing this was it. She tried to squeeze her legs even tighter together. Still no sign of the cashier.

SSSHH

“It’s coming… oh no… oh no….”

That last spurt was so powerful it went through the fabric of the back of her pants and dripped onto the floor behind her.

Still no cashier.

SSHH

Piss started to spurt out between her fingers wrapped around her crotch.

“No..no…….please…..”

Still no cashier.

SSSSSHHH

“Noooooooo……”

The drips from her backside almost turned into a stream for a split second.

Then the back door opened, not a second too soon and maybe several seconds too late.

“I talked to the manager and it’s ok, she can use our bathroom back here. I’ll hold the door for you.”

Laura didn’t waste one second. She set off with her hand still buried in between her legs, piss desperately hissing out in spurts as she ran behind the counter and through the door.

SSH – SSHH – SSHH – SHHH - SSSH

She felt it starting to go pool up in her cupped hand and down her thighs as she only seconds later crashed through the restroom door on her left. She literally ripped apart her pant button and tore down the zipper, piss still spurting out, dripping down her thighs. With one swift move, down with her pants and panties and –

SSSSHHHHH

Over ten hours worth of urine cascaded out into the bowl, almost as if the toilet was flushing. It was so much, the stream so powerful, the violent hiss echoed inside the small cubicle.

SSSSHHHHH

Laura was beside herself. The relief was unfathomable. All that urine was only seconds from ending up in her pants and on the floor. Granted, some of it did, but essentially she had made it. The percentage of the amount that ended up staining her pants could probably be measured in mere tenths, given the amount she was now releasing into the bowl.

SSSSHHHHH

It just went on and on. For over two minutes, maybe approaching three even, she sat there while her poor tortured bladder poured itself empty after having suffered for so long. It still hurt but it felt like a massive stone had been removed from her abdomen.

Finally she was done. She dried her tears from her face and proceeded to inspect her trousers. They were clearly wet in the crotch and a bit down the thighs. Nothing compared to what could have been but still noticeable. From behind though, it was much less noticeable, almost no sign apart from a few minor streaks where the piss had been spurting through. Her panties were ruined though, so she took them off and threw them into the bin. She could manage the way back to the office going commando.

She made an effort to dab the wet parts on her pants with toilet paper. She did indeed make a scene out there and felt very embarrassed by having so publicly been on the verge of a very wet accident, all red-faced and crying in shame while begging for a toilet. She convinced herself that once she and her boss were out of here, she would have little to no reason to revisit this particular service station anytime soon,

“Laura? Are you alright?”

Katherine’s word suddenly emerged from behind the toilet door. She had been let in by the cashier after insisting on looking up on her poor assistant. She had noticed a trail of drips on the floor leading all the way up to the toilet, a token of Laura having been on the absolute knife edge. If the cashier had delayed even seconds longer, those drips wouldn’t have been back there. And they wouldn’t have been drips; they would have been a massive ocean in front of the register for everyone inside the station to see. Katherine became almost dizzy by the thought, but ultimately she was glad that her sweet young assistant had made it, even if just barely.

Laura exited the toilet, carefully opening the door while holding her purse in front of her pants.

“I’m so sorry, miss Andrews… please, don’t be mad, I was so desperate after holding it all day, I couldn’t wait any longer….”

Her voice trailed off into a cry with the last sentence, and tears started running down her face.

“I’m… I’m so sorry, miss Andrews…” she hulked, silently sobbing, partly out of shame but also at the horrific thought of having been delayed further, or even denied to use the staff toilet. That feeling and smell of warm piss oozing out into the fabric around her hand was a terrifying herald of the most humiliating and devastating situation she could ever imagine; wetting herself in a public place, and with the almost equally humiliating desperation on full display preceding it at that! The image was so stark and overwhelmingly horrifying that she couldn’t help but cry, even though she had made it, more or less.

“Ssssh, it’s ok, Laura”, Katherine gave her crying assistant a hug in an effort to console her. “It’s ok, you made it after all, didn’t you. Let’s get back now and forget about this afternoon, ok?”

“Ok… thanks, miss Andrews” Laura sobbed, having calmed down enough to stop crying. She had indeed made it, and if anything, she ought to be proud of herself, her incredible holding capacity. Her damp crotch would dry out eventually, but for now, she could probably get away with keeping her purse in front of her while hurrying out through the station.

Katherine opened the back door and peeked out into the store area. None of the customers who had witnessed Laura’s distress seemed to be left by now.

“Come on, Laura. Get out to the car while I pay for the petrol, and then we’ll be on our way”, she beckoned. Laura followed suit and scurried out, past the register and out the door and got in the company car to wait for her boss. As Katherine stood and paid, she couldn’t help but feeling impressed by Laura’s otherworldly bladder capacity. Over ten hours, and with coffee and water on top of that! Such a brave soul she was after all, this new girl.

But as glad as she was that she had made it in the end, the more sinister part of her mind was ever so slightly beginning to conjure up a potential day’s worth of timetabled assignments. Something that might be just a tad bit more challenging for Laura’s bladder this time…

