Another Note: Trials

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2018-05-06 14:26

Faust apologizes for the lengthy, frequent delays.......But, once again..It's time to continue the saga of Another Note!

======

[Chapter 1: The Order]

"Y..You can't be serious.." the green haired boy called to the slender, porcelain skinned Goddess before him....Having just issued the threat to not only take the magical tool she lent him...But, similarly his own manhood just recently. "I..I mean...four pairs?"

"Hm...You're right.." Saril's voice answered as she put a hand on her chin, Faust breathing a slight sigh of relief. "That's much too easy."

"Ah...?" Faust's eyes widened at Saril's revelation.... Watching as the Goddess gave an even more devious grin.

"It'll have to be Five, at least." she called, folding her long, lovely legs over each other. "And, of course, no simple panties will do. I've...decided that instead, I'm going to give you some....direction on what you need."

The boy felt himself growing paler at this, struggling to respond as Saril sprung to her feet, her large black wings fluttering to life as she hovered above ground.

"You'll have five pairs to get." she re-stated, affirming her decision. "One can be from anyone, I don't frankly care so long as they're soaked. One must be from someone close, and they also need to be drenched. One pair shall be from a stranger; A girl whom you haven't interacted with yet. Saturated heavily, of course... One from someone famous, equally Liquidized.... And, let's see... Last one should be.....A female family member. Peed in, like the rest."

If there was any more of Faust's color to drain at this, it was completely gone... Almost threatening to make his own forest green hair go stark white from sheer shock.. As Saril stretched out her body.

"Of course, if you want to get on my good Side, you'll try to go the extra mile with some of them. A little more from your targets of course...Whomever you choose. Or maybe, you'll go for extra panties, at which case...Congratulations! I might still have use for you yet, boy. Now, I'll be generous in this endeavor, and offer you this.."

Saril snapped her fingers, three black bands appearing on the back of his wrist... As Saril twirled her fingers.

"Each of these bands will give you a minute with Sarilian eyes." Saril instructed, gesturing at her own gaze. "These will show you names, and relative bladder capacity. Only three though, so be careful not to overdo it...Or use it too slowly. You'll need to be able to see a girl's face without obstruction.. Save for things like Makeup, and glasses and such."

Faust looked wordlessly at the bands, and then at his bed....The black book laying haphazardly on the edge of it...As Saril fluttered back down..Moving up close to Faust.

"By this time next week... Seven days, to get at least five pairs of wet panties..." she whispered, her hands running down his side. "You'll be passing, in heaven.... Or in Hell.."

The Freudian threat still lingered in Faust's mind as Saril lightly kissed his cheek, and backed up.

"So, be careful now~ I've got places to be." she mused, flying off... And through the walls like a transparent ghost.... The boy left alone with his thoughts...

He had to get five pairs of soaked panties.... In a week. At least, or he'd be...

..

"Best not to think about it.." he thought to himself, as he went to scoop up the book, and opened up the cover once more.

It was true, he hadn't really been using such a devious tool of lecherous desire....But, part of him just wanted to...

...

Why hadn't he used it, actually? When he first found it, it was like a gift.... but, ever since he'd started with it... Things had just...usually resolved themselves..

...

Did he even remember how to use it?

'I should re-read it...just to be safe.' he thought to himself, moving over to a desk and setting the book down....

"The Wet Note.." he whispered to himself, as he flipped the cover aside..Starting with the rules. "The person whose name is written in this note, will find themselves involuntarily peeing..Regardless of Location, Willpower, or Garment status..."

He had seen the effect multiple times, and even got off on it... but, it always made him flush to read that line... As he continued along.

"The note will only take effect if the writer is picturing the person whose name they are writing, as they are writing. This is to avoid people of the same name being afflicted..."

It made sense.... Though, he didn't know anyone who shared a name with another person.. As he kept glancing along.

"If the Author wishes, they may write up a course of actions that their target takes, before involuntarily voiding their waters." he read, nodding. "Continued writing intended for a target will delay the timer enough time for the author to pen in a scene... Though, after Six minutes, if the cause of wetting is not finished...Or, the Author stops writing, the target will instead just urinate involuntarily at that moment."

He nodded again, reading some more.

"Without a cause, the victim will simply urinate forty seconds after their name is written. This Urge will come on in a sudden wave, that they find themselves unable to recover from, regardless of their previous bladder status."

Faust flushed again, but internalized it, remembering how he used it to help someone make it to the bathroom, rather than vice-versa once...As he kept studying.

"While under the effects of this note, The target will find their minds diverted from actually visiting a bathroom, unless otherwise indicated by the writer of their 'scene'..... Though, if not specified, they may still attempt to relieve themselves outside of one."

He flushed at the mental image....Though, kept reading for a bit more, running his hands over a pen.

"A person's name may be written in the wet note as many times as one desires. However, the incidents will occur in the order they were written, regardless of any directions otherwise, within a minimum of a two minute reprieve of each other. Should the person have their name written down Ten Times or more in a single day, their bodies may develop lasting incontinence."

....So he had to be careful....Though, he didn't ever expect to write someone's name in it that much...As pleasing as the idea could be.

"If a scene is written that is deemed impossible, such as breaking the laws of physics....The target will attempt to the best of their ability, and then soak themselves within 40 seconds of failing to achieve their goals. This is to prevent stalling out a target's mind and body forever."

Something to keep in mind, that nevertheless made him shudder...The thought bothering him for a few moments, though he doubted there would be too many impossible tasks to ask of someone..As he kept reading.

"A page torn out of the notebook still has the full effects of the book: meaning one can write on a mere page and still incite an accident in their target."

A handy note to have, as Faust glanced at the clock...Surprised at how late it had gotten... As he noticed the rules slowly fading off of the page behind the current one... Signalling him that it was likely time to stop...One last rule popping up.

"The Author's control over their target fades when the Target empties their bladder. Even if their name is written immediately after, they will have full control of their faculties, and mental state until the effects resume again."

So he had to be careful not to stick too close if he wanted to be suspicious...And couldn't just make them wet and immediately hand over their garments. That was one easy trick out the window..As the words seemed to flicker off......Leaving the rules blank, and the book empty once more....Like it was telling him he'd read enough for now.

"is it...sentient?" he thought to himself out loud, before shaking his head. "Nnn..I am getting tired though... Maybe I should go to bed and wake up to....This ordeal tomorrow..."

He'd need all of his focus, and wits to do as such. Granted, the thought lingered of him just writing everyone's names down with the order to go to his house and explain it away in some manner of fiasco.... .Yet, there were so many complications, the least of which was the idea of trying to explain that kind of situation away.....

Not to mention the moral quandaries of forcing the girls to wet against their will. For Yuno and such, it wasn't as bothersome...but, for strangers, family members, and even the famous target...

....

It was...Going to be tough.

"What a mess i've gotten myself into..."

The question was...would he be able to get himself out..? Only time will tell...

[Chapter 1: The Order, Finish]

========

*007*2018-06-13 18:51

[Chapter 2: Branching Paths]

The night passed without further incident, as Faust pondered his fate, and near future. Even as the morning sun pervaded it's way into his room, Faust couldn't even muster the energy to be irritated at it's rays....

Instead, lightly unfurling the covers on his bed, as he slid his legs over the bed.

"Today's gonna be...interesting, at least...." he remarked to himself quietly, glancing over at the black notebook that would help him... As he stood up. "Well...no sense in dwelling on it right now. Better get ready.."

He still couldn't believe Saril would turn like that...Forcing him to perpetuate five accidents, and from different people too! And if he only had a week, well...

....

'Worse yet, since the Note's effects end when they're done peeing... I can't even make them just take them off after, and hand em over.. Without looking like a creep.' he thought with a grumble as he started to pull on a pair of long, dark pants... And a matching shirt. 'Ugh...I'm in over my head.....I'm gonna have to figure something out...'

He packed the notebook in with his other things as he glanced over his phone, pulling it off his charger and into his pocket.... Heading out for the day.

"Hm...Maybe I could get Yuno to....no..." he thought to himself, the pinkette entering his mind. "No..I couldn't make her get involved......"

Plus, how would he explain away Saril? What if she was just some kind of hallucination after all? What if she was offended by the comment? And...what if Yuno was upset at the thought of him collecting the wet panties of other girls? There were so many things t-

TH-THUMP

The boy, lost in his own thoughts, hadn't realized that he was walking haphazardly down the side of the road... And inadvertently crashed into another, books and things starting to scatter everywhere....

"Hey, watch where you're going.." another voice called, as the boy started scooping his things up, glancing up.

"Yeah, sorry..." he halfheartedly answered. "I'm just...ah..."

He didn't quite recognize the girl he charged into, but she seemed to be okay.... If a bit older than he was. However, before he could study her, he saw a familiar head of lime green hair, and had a strike of inspiration.

"Ah..! Of Course!" he called to himself, darting over with his things in tow to the girl. 'What better support for Wet Note Shenanigans, but another person with a note?'

Granted, it was still going to be an awkward subject to bring up, but he was sure he could handle it...

"Uh, hey! You...forgot....Some...thing.." the girl's voice called out to the fleeing boy, chasing after someone. "Well....fuck. I guess he'll figure it out later.."

Her hands went through her long black hair as she let out a discontented sigh, and a mild groan.

"Ugh...can't believe he just walked into me like that. And then just..."

Her eyes glanced down at the thing left behind....A mysterious, black notebook. The girl bent over to pick it up, glancing over the cover..

"A....Wet Note?" she read...her eyes going wide. "...No...No it couldn't be...."

The girl spread the book open, looking over the first line of conjured text....blinking quietly.

"The person whose name is written in his note will....This has to be a joke.."

...And yet...

....

A pen was drawn, and the girl quickly went to a spare page, running over the paper swiftly.......

"Ko...zu...ko... Mo...tou.." she sounded out, dramatically flicking the pen away... As she paused...and waited.....

And waited...and waited....

And...

....

"...Hmth. Shoulda known." the girl called to herself, tossing the book back to the ground. "He can come back and find it late..."

Suddenly, the girl flinched, her legs buckled, and her knees knocked. A sudden swell..An immediate rush of fluid...A swift bubbling of need. She quivered, she buried her hands in her skirt, and she staggered a few steps away.....Before...

"Nnnnghh...Aaahhhhhh...!!" she cried out, before a deluge of personal waters suddenly gushed out of her, prompting her to shudder, and fall to her knees... As she gasped quietly.

"O..Ohh...Ohhh..Ohhh...That..that was...That.." she panted incredulously, before glancing back at the notebook...And picking it back up. "O..Okay...okay..okay..That's...This is a keeper.."

She tucked the book under her arm at this, and glanced down...Both at her sudden, vicious puddle....And at her now considerably darker skit...Soaked panties...and drenched socks...

"Better....Better get back and change though...before someone finds me like this...."

The girl started off quietly at this, content with her latest discovery. With something like this, maybe....

...

"So, you're telling me...you also know Saril?"

"Uh huh.."

"And...you have to collect a bunch of wet panties for Saril, or she'll take your..."

"Yeah, I know..It's kind of a ridiculous..."

"Wonder if she'd let me have it..."

"W..what?!"

"Erm, that's not what I meant!" the lime green haired girl called out hurriedly, waving her hands. "I was just...You know...talking about the notebook! i mean..Wynn...totally doesn't trust me to use it for good...But...I've always wanted to..."

"Ah...I..see.." Faust answered, with a slight sigh. He had seen the girl a few times prior, but it wasn't until today he squarely got her name. Ellie, it was. a modest figure, with a bob cut of lime green hair, decorated by a ribbon... And a remarkably perky attitude. She was easy to talk to, even if he had a bit of an inkling she was a bit lewder than expected... But, she had been reasonable.

"So....um.if I let you use my notebook, you'll help me...Right?" Faust added, trying to center the conversation back on topic, as the girl beamed at him.

"Yeah, yeah sure! Of course!" Ellie answered, grinning. "Just lemme borrow it for a bit, and I'll help you collect em up!"

"It's a deal! Thank you..!" Faust called, breathing a sigh of relief. "I was worried, cause it doesn't work after they.... Well, you know... And...Having someone to help..makes...This...less....Oh no.."

"Oh no..?" Ellie sounded as the boy started to fumble with his things...glancing over them. "What's wrong, Faust?"

"It's.....It's gone.." he called, feeling the color fading from his face. "My Wet Note is.....gone.."

==========

