Mother 3: Lavatory Labyrinth

Author: AlmightyIdiot

*000*2017-06-20 20:49

Warning: Spoilers for Mother 3

The final fight draws near as a ragtag team of four ascend in an elevator to the 100th floor. Our heroes are located in Empire Porky Building, a colossal, towering skyscraper that pierces the clouds and is home to Master Porky, the manchild who’s responsible of causing mayhem in the land of Nowhere Islands. So far, Lucas and his friends have overcome many bizarre floors to reach the top, including a spa dedicated to hippos armed with rocket launchers and Porky’s own fangirl room.

The young blond teen Lucas stands patiently, wondering what could lie ahead on the next floor as Duster, a thief in mid twenties with a limp, squats behind, organizing his bag in preparation. A redheaded “princess”, Kumatora, a few years older than Lucas, kneels down to Boney, a courageous brown doggy owned by Lucas, to pet him while waiting.

Unbeknownst to the rest of the team, Kumatora needed to use the bathroom. It wasn’t dire, but it would be nice to use a toilet now. The time spent wandering around the big city before entering the skyscraper didn’t help. There were loads of shops and festivities to see and she drank a couple of Big City Colas before challenging Porky’s tower. The lower half of her body being drenched with water when traversing through the spa wasn’t of any assistance with her predicament either.

Soon enough, the elevator came to a stop with a female voice saying,”Next stop, 100th floor.” Boney whines as the announcer finishes, all of them were annoyed with that line since it was said every single floor they were on. The squad readies up as the door opens. The start of the floor seems… too normal, just some potted plants and some ambient music in the background. The foursome examine the room, Duster looking under the pots and the others looking around. With only one way to go, they walk forwards to find strangely enough, doorways to bathrooms, three red females and two blue mens. “What the hell, this is just plain weird,” Kumatora said, but in her mind.” Nice, just in time!.” Lucas thought that there was maybe a mistake or some trick to this.

While Lucas, Duster, and Kumatora were deciding whether to head back or not, Boney proceeds to push his body against one of the doors. “Uh...HEEEEEEEYYY!!!! STAY BACK!!,” a man partially wearing a green pig like uniform screams at the dog and Boney runs back to his owner. Quickly putting his pants on and storming out the door to give his vengeance to the mutt, the Pigmask finds the group of rebels in front of him. “Y-You guys! Y-You can’t get past here to find Master Porky!” The enemy whips out a laser pistol, aimed at the brown threat to his privacy. In hasty retaliation, Kumatora swiftly extended her fingers towards the green assailant. Before the blaster could fire, the wielder was a bit cooler, or rather, encased in ice. She used PK Freeze, one of her many PSI techniques used to fight others. Because of the chilling magic, her legs bound together slightly. Doing so, she hoped that the others didn’t notice since the violet hoodie she wears goes down to her knees.

“Woof Woof! (Thanks a ton!)” Boney woofed.

“That was a close call. Thanks Kuma,” Lucas complemented to Kumatora. She felt satisfied about that, even with the setback.

“Guessing by his words, we might get closer to Porky if we go through this area,” Duster said.

“How are we gonna do that, flush ourselves up to that bastard?” Kumatora remarked. “Anyway, gonna take a leak,” she said as she walked to a female restroom door. She knocked on the door but was disappointed with a sing song response,”Someone’s iiiiiin here!”

As the heroine examines the female chambers, the others check out the male stalls.

“Well, damn. At least there’s two more,” she thought. Knocking on the other door led to silence, a glorious sound, until she opened it. Presented before her was a steamy hot spring, fresh water glistening in a rather small semi-dome, all of its sides but the one facing the entrance is guarded with porcelain, and the wall facing away from the door extends out a giant oval, a toilet hot spring. Although peculiar, she was entranced to go inside and rest in the relaxing waters, especially after using some of her PSI.

As Kumatora wanders into the mini spa, Lucas takes notice of the room she’s entering, slowly coming to a conclusion. ”Kuma, you know that’s not an actual bathroom. I mean, you could, but why?” Hearing those words snapped Kumatora back into reality, stepping in the water deep enough to soak her boots. Adding more to the list of events that increased her desperation, the troubled girl waded as fast as she could back to dry land. “Augh! What’s with me. I need to get this over with,” Kumatora thought, she wouldn’t allow for any more careless mistakes.

With the toilet resort ordeal concluded, she went to the last door available to her. This tapping of the door also led to silence, a good sign so far, opening it granted another surprise. “A hallway… I can’t just go in the middle of a tiled walkway.”

“Great job finding the way forward Kuma,” Duster praised. As the group walked forward, Kumatora squirmed a bit, shuffling her legs together,.slowing down from the rest. Lucas noticed her falling behind and encouraged her,” Don’t worry, there’s sure to be a usable toilet up ahead.” The redheaded girl became a bit more red by blushing, embarrassed that they know about the situation she’s going through and also conflicted to say thanks or telling him to mind his own business.

The opposite layout of bathrooms is the outcome of this doorway, three males, two females. Knowing how to move forward, Duster shoved the nearest blue door wide open. Another green Pigmask Major along with some Metal Attack Roaches blast back at the rude interlopers. As the battle takes place, Kumatora wonders how much more she could take. These fights wouldn’t help her bladder and her luck might not last, but optimism shines through, she can find a bathroom in time.

With the encounter finished and team recovered, Duster pressed his luck on another door, trying the far left. Not being careless like last time, he knocks slowly. There was no response inside and opens the door to find his vision obscured. The Men’s Room Sign laughs and pushes the thief away with the arms projecting from the picture, however, Duster counters with a swift kick, blowing it back to the rest of the group. The rest follow up by comboing the sneaky sign to a sad excuse of a white rectangle.

As the gang slap, bite, and bash the sign, it gains a glowing aura, stopping the assault to guard against whatever it’s preparing to do. With a big smirk, the floating sign launches it’s devastating attack, PK Starstorm, a shower of spacely objects at intense speeds, shredding through the party of three. Before it can totally demolish them, Duster jumps at it with a spinning kick, ending the onslaught on his friends. He rushed over to them and got from his bag three small bottles. One by one, the savior opened and made the nearly unconscious team drink a Secret Herb, one of few ways to revive his defeated friends. Soon enough, they all regain their energy and are ready to go on.

Suddenly, Kumatora gripped her hands to her groin with a small whine. A few drops of urine are letting loose, the drastic turn of events dampered Kumatora’s belief of holding on. The others approach her slowly, wanting to help but unsure how. “Stay back! I’m fine,” she lashed at them with an obvious lie. She carefully stood back up and walked to the nearest female restroom door. Its contents revealed yet another hallway. Her eyes were starting to water, “Is this some sick joke,” she thought. Without regard to anyone else, she moved forward to find relief. One hand jammed between her thighs as she eventually gets to the next set of doors. A red, two blues, and another red door. Kumatora bolts through the red door closest to her and slams it shut. The abandoned trio wait behind in worry.

Swiftly, horror devours her being. In front of her lies a vessel flat on the ground, similar to a urinal, a squat toilet. It wasn’t the method of relieving herself being the issue, she squatted outside plenty of times before, but the device itself. It was revolting with a multitude of stains, smells that left the poor teen nearly gagging. She stares at it, one hand at her waist and the other still gripping for dear life at her private parts. Indecisiveness takes over, causing panic. Should she find a new room to achieve bliss, or stay, but possibly tarnish her clothing and sense of smell. Time is pounding on her bladder and it can’t take much more, the toilets, the water, the liquid herb, everything is making her lose it all!

As the conflicted mind overwhelms itself with various outcomes of the next few moments, a crazy idea shines through. Kumatora puts both of her hands on her bladder and casts PK Paralysis, well, attempts. The urge to hold herself is strong enough to put her hands lower than intended and the psychic energy spreads through more than just the bladder. Paralysis takes place and the stuntwoman falls with a bang.

Alarmed with the sudden sound, Duster closes in on the door, “Are you alright there?”

“I’m not hurt, just open the door and help me up.”

He did as instructed, but had difficulty standing her up, so Lucas and Boney gave a helping hand. “So what happened in there Kumatora,” Lucas asked.

“Well, to keep things short, the bathroom was disgusting, so I paralysed my bladder so I can hold it a bit longer.”

“And look how that turned out,” Duster said with a cheeky grin.

“At least I’m still dry, so the plan worked.”

“How long do you think that spell will last,” Lucas questioned.

“I can feel it throb a little bit, so maybe 15 minutes?”

“Now to get you to move… Boney! Come here boy.”

The faithful pup dashed to the boy and he whispered to Boney some commands. With a loud bark, he walked over to Kumatora’s legs, trying to get in between. Unprepared, she gave a tiny squeal that could be faintly heard and pushed the dog away. There was no reaction from her lower region, so she could rest easy for now.

“Sit down,” Lucas commanded, staring at Kumatora. Boney was still standing so she connected the dots quickly. “He’ll be your way of transportation. Duster, take the lead as we advance, I’ll watch behind and take guard.

Now that the new formation of the team is settled, all of them marched on to the other end of the room, will this one be the bathroom suitable for Kumatora’s needs? A immediate no would be the result as yet another hallway is present from the door. Only now, the princess figures out the pattern and is engulfed in rage, “Ohhhh my God, all of the female bathrooms are these stupid hallways. You know what, fuck it, turn around take me to the men’s room.” They head to the door closest to the entourage with haste,

“Lucas, use PK Healing on me,” although the needy one’s bladder is staying strong, her patience draws thin.

“But you don’t even know if it’s available.”

“Duster, can you check then please.” He briskly walked over to the door and banged on it.

“It’s free.”

“Open it.” Upon entering the chamber, pure white is the only color visible.

Duster’s jaw drops agape over witnessing the giant throne in front of them, “H-h-h-how?” The lid was nearly touching the ceiling and the water inside of the bowl could be heard sloshing about. On the base of the toilet read, “For big people.” Kumatora thought about it for a second, if she could get up there somehow, she can finally urinate. Lucas, observing the gigantic seat, tells Boney to move on to the next bathroom, hoping that door number two will be better. The dog rider sighed, wanting this troublesome incident to be over with. Approaching the door, the blond leader did the same ritual done with all the other ones to hear a little boy, “Gimme a minute.” With salvation coming around the corner, they complied, Kumatora with restless excitement. A few minutes pass, tapping feet as well as a look of despair can be seen on the escort, “What could be taking this boy so long?”

“Hey! Kid! What’s your problem!”

“What’s your’s? This is the men’s room, you’re not allowed.”

“Please let me in, I’m begging you.”

“No means no, go to the girls room you dummy.”

“Little bastard,” the plea for help not advancing in her favor, she drops it. “Can we go back to the previous room Lucas?”

“But why, there’s no way you could use that.”

“You’re not thinking hard enough, I have an idea, use PK Offense Up on all of us.” Lucas stares at her perplexed, but allowed her to indulge in what bizarre plan she came up of and used PK Offense Up on everyone.

“Okay, now that everyone’s stronger, get together and throw me up top.”

“My God, what have I done,” Lucas thought, “I should have known nothing good could come from this. She could easily be thrown inside the toilet, how would she get out. And it's not like we become that much stronger, could we even get her up that high.”

Duster is at her side waiting for Lucas, “C’mon,” the bold strategist beckoned, “I can’t wait forever.” Both of them seem eager for this and Boney isn’t really reacting to the current stupidity, so like a plague, impatience spreads to Lucas, reluctantly getting into position to launch the girl. They get as close as possible to the giant latrine, readying their throw.

Before catapulting, Kumatora counts down, ”3….2…..1…...GO!!!” She skyrockets high into the air, closing the distance from the ground to the lid. A smile forms as she rises, elated as her journey is coming to an end, she rises her head up to see the top and be queen of this awful lavatory labyrinth. BONK!!! Kumatora’s head collides with the lid protruding out slightly, but enough to foil the plan. The triad look up in horror, being at fault for her grave concussion as she plummets down back to them. Boney dashes forward, breaking her fall in time. “Auuuuuggggghhhh!!!” the princess clutches her head in pain, rolling off Boney. Seconds later, a pounding force returns unexpectedly, immediately causing the bruised teen to change posture, gripping her loins. She cries for help, unable to move on without infuriating her injury or aching bladder. Lucas casts PK Healing, promptly mending her head and surprisingly, her pained nether regions.

Recovering from the blow, Kumatora tries to do PK Paralysis like before, but to no avail. “Okay you morons, I can’t last too much longer, let’s move on.” Time is truly of the essence at this point and as fast as possible without losing the battle with Kumatora’s pee, advance forward.

Five doors, alternating colors of blue and red, a new set of doors means new opportunities, surely one of them can lead to sweet release. A distressing sound is instantly heard when walking into the room, the sound of flowing water. To the far right is an increasingly large puddle of water coming from the stall with a fish flopping outside. Her weakening bladder continues to lose strength, more drops leak out, soiling her panties. To counteract, she grasps even harder, squirming side to side. Not wasting a second, Duster goes out to each door, opening them. Lucas and Boney stayed with Kumatora, doing whatever possible to help her move on. The first one was unlocked, but hosted a man using a squat toilet, “Hello, nice of you to visit.” Not giving him the time of day, the strange man regains privacy with the door slammed back closed. The door to its right opened to contain a party of ghosts crammed into the one stall, “Hey, I remember you.”

“Is that Kuma?”

“Thanks for the eclair. Can I have another?”

“I want my piano back.”

“Want some wine?” The swift thief ended the one-sided conversations the same way with the guy before. Door number three didn’t even get the chance to be opened since when Duster approached, the Men’s Room Sign came off to attack him. Not wanting another deadly scene, he reached in his pocket and jammed a Wall Staple into the enemy, forcing it stuck to the door, unable to do anything. With the last door being flooded, the remaining door was the only one to go to and since it was the last red door in the room, it was most likely a hallway to more rooms. Before the party tried their luck at the next door, the bouncing fish spoke to the crew. “Go on ahead, I didn’t see anyone go through this door recently, so it should be empty.” A smile grew on Kumatora’s face, while in pain, her confidence gained a boost, maybe she could make it.

As they passed through the small corridor, sounds of stomping could be heard. All of a sudden, several people barged into the place, shoving aside Kumatora and friends, separating them to occupy all but one of the rooms. The unforeseen chaos definitely did a number on Kumatora, her support being split off and nearly falling from those ingrates caused a greater leak, a stream that further dampened her undergarments. It didn’t last long as the crowd swarming her lasted the same amount of time, so Kumatora regained composure soon enough. She examined her lower half for visible signs of wetness before getting back to Lucas and Boney. It was hard to tell from the color of the shorts, but she can feel the moisture in her pants.

Not much strength was left in the helpless woman, so she decided to sit back down on Boney, hoping he didn’t mind the slightly soggy company. Waiting for any of those people to finish wasn’t an option, who knows how long that could take. Everyone hurried to the left where the vacant female restroom was to find salvation, but just like the rest, it was a pathway for more rooms. Was there an end to this lair of toilets, all they know is that this is the most inconvenient and random place they ever encountered.

Just behind the door to advance, “GRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!” A frightening growl came from the other side, unnerving the entire party. “Ohhh, no, no,” another leak unleashed from Kumatora, wetting her clothes even more.

“Woof! (Seriously, I did not want this at all.)” Boney replies unamused from the event.

“I-I don’t think I can last,” in strong desperation, she fidgeted on her carrier, both hands squeezing into the source of her pee, feet flailing about, biting her bottom lip, and bellowing a small cry. The blond commander Lucas pondered, wondering if there was anything he could do to alleviate her trouble. Within seconds, he thought of something he didn’t try before, Lucas went closer to Kumatora and put his hand on her shoulder and used PK Defense Up. Instantaneously, the magic took effect on Kumatora, but not much given the scale of her desperation. “Thank you. We need to hurry though.” Whatever committed that startling roar earlier had to be confronted now, so they peek open the door.

Among Duster’s vision is nothing out of the ordinary, four men rooms and a female washroom, which they know is another hallway. As they all walk in the room, a man walks out of a washroom to enter another, “FA-CHING!” His shoes became like cement, unable to move as a terrifying creature stomps towards him. Pure yellow eyes pierced through the helpless man, its red feline like body came into view, the Ultimate Chimera. It donned spiked horns, scythe like wings, a pointed arrow tail, massive fangs stained red, a gray button on its back, and unfittingly a young chick that laid on top of its head.

Lucas’s eyes dilated, now recognizing that beast from a previous experience, nearly ending Boney and his own lives. The Ultimate Chimera pounced at the hapless fool with jaws extended, becoming another meal to this terrifying creature. Devouring the prey, Lucas whispered to everyone a plan. “But…” Lucas hushed Kumatora, pressing his finger on her lips and used PK Defense Up again which convinced her into his decision.

Distracted with its carnage, all of them bolted, fleeing past the murder machine and went straight into the door, slamming it behind. The red beast turned towards the door and charged at it, knowing more game lie inside, but it bounced back, the door still strong enough to stand straight. Without hesitation, the group ran to the next door to find a larger than average male door with a golden curving design surrounding it. The contents of Kumatora’s bladder could shortly be released in a proper place, but it doesn’t want to hold on, another leak breaks through Kumatora’s resistances. “Ahhh, oh please, there better not be anyone inside.”

Duster revealed the room’s contents with a powerful shove. A red carpet already rolled out to a golden throne awaited Kumatora. However, to the sides were bodies of water with six chiseled statues of Porky, all peeing water. The sounds of urinating echoed throughout the room was the last straw for her, piss was now forcing out, no possible way to stop it.

She got off of Boney and rushed to the toilet, it was in her sight and she had a desire to use it after being blocked from her after all this time. Droplets rained down from her legs as she sprinted, ruining her shorts and fine carpet. Reaching the seat, Kumatora took hold of her shorts and yanked them down low enough so she could sit without wetting herself anymore. “Hah… Hah, finally.” Her peeing could be differentiated from the rest of those mannequins, going at a greater force. She moaned in ecstasy, the pain drifting away at last. Even after letting loose earlier than wanted, she was spraying strongly for nearly a minute. The men watched at the spectacle happening in from of their eyes, embarrassed for what she went through and for having no shame in peeing in front of them.

Eventually, Kumatora’s everlasting piss went down to a tamer pace and then after a moment, a slow trickle. As she was finishing, her senses came back to her, able to move from that rush. Her eyes look forward to find Lucas blushing intensely, trying not to focus his vision on her. On the other hand, Duster continues to stare at her, having no dignity whatsoever. Boney was swimming in a pool, washing himself from that unwanted golden shower.

“GUYS! You all couldn’t just leave the room while that happened,” Kumatora yelled. A harmony of “uhhs” and the sort were the only thing they could answer with. Annoyed with their lack of common sense, “Ugh, typical pervy boys.” She continued to look around, in search of something of value in the room. Her mood became worse as the item couldn’t be found, “C’mon! No toilet paper! Does he wipe with his own money or something? And can you all turn around for pete’s sake!” Respecting her privacy after long enough, Lucas and Duster comply to what she said, Boney still bathing in the water.

With no other way to clean herself, she got up and jumped into the pool with the dog. A realization came to her that this also can get rid off the stains on her defiled clothes. Around ten minutes pass, Kumatora soaking in the water, rubbing the fabrics on her clothes so the pee can come off. Boney eventually got out to sit with the two morons still staring the door where they came. Soon enough, she felt content with her efforts and got fully dressed before climbing out.

Returning to the rest of the group, a speaker turned on, the king of the tower, Porky, started taunting, “Hehehehe! You seem to be having quite the tough time! Did you enjoy my special all-you-can-pee toilet dungeon? I bet you did especially, missie! Now, then! I have some sad news for you! This place you’re at isn’t really the 100th floor! It’s a fake! Ahahahahaha! You’re nothing but a cheap toy crawling around in the palm of my hand! Alright! Allow me to invite you to the REAL 100th floor! Heh heh. Board the elevator just ahead. I’ll be waiting for you!”

His words fueled the rage within them, they wanted to defeat him. Lucas now leading the team, “Let’s charge, and finish this lunatic for what he’s done to us.” They ran over to the elevator behind the used bathroom and went up to hopefully the actual 100th floor.

*003*2017-06-21 22:38

{{On 6/20/2017 at 5:48 PM, randomrobot007 said:

Very nice never played mother 3 but i know of this place via gameplay

Suprised that a fic of this place wasn't made sooner

}}

I felt the exact same, after many years of both this website and Mother 3, I would thought that there would be someone to make something of this, or even Kumatora omo.

