Wet Train

Author: Aquraisus

*000*2022-09-21 01:11

Another quickie! Featuring some of the eeveelution gals from my last story! They've all got names and outfits now! I'll list them here: (Thanks to @Pachishock for some of the names and for all the design ideas! I changed a few but they did most of them)

Leafeon: Summer, wears a lowcut t-shirt and fairly short skirt, as well as colorful thigh-high socks.

Espeon: Jade, wears a t-shirt and jeans. Shirt's just short enough that it shows a slight bit of her midriff.

Sylveon: Trixie, wears a simple dress shirt and a plaid skirt. As well as has big round glasses.

Flareon: Sadie, has a colorful skirt with a skull belt buckle around it. Wears a very small shirt than shows a decent amount of her midriff

Umbreon: Luna, wears long black sweat and grey sweatpants. Has similar glasses to Trixie.

Vaporeon: Amashi, Wears some simple swim trunks and a baseball cap, along with a tank top.

This story's centered around Sadie, but I'll put this list before every story of this girls! With that, enjoy~

###

The loud sounds of the train leaving its station rang through Sadie's ears. She sat in her seat, sweat dripping from her head. Her legs were crossed over each other, her thighs squeezed as tight as she could manage. She bit down on her bottom lip trying to suppress her whines. She was in one of the worst predicaments she had ever been in, and her odds of getting out of it dry were slim to none.

She was on a trip to visit a friend, who was in a whole different city. The easiest way to get they was the train leaving early in the morning. Unlucky for her, she had slept through her alarm, meaning she had to rush to the station as to not risk missing her train. It was the only one going to that city for the day, and she didn't have any other days free for a while.

In her rush, she had down at least two coffees she had bought from a local shop. Followed by a large bottle of water she had been chugging throughout her drive to the station. She just barely made it to her train in time, and because of that. Not once did she get a chance to use the bathroom. And being the fire type she is, her body didn't cooperate very well with any liquids, so all drinks went through her incredibly quick. By the time she made it on the train, she was bursting.

There Sadie sat, her paws jammed into her crotch as she watched the station, as well as the nearest bathroom, get farther and farther out of her sight. The train ride was a whole 2 hours, and the train itself had no restroom on it, assuming people would logically go before getting on. This left the poor flareon with a bursting bladder and no way to relieve it for a whole 2 hours.

"D-don't... Think about... peeing..." She shut her eyes, clutching at her crotch in a desperate attempt to ease the aching need to let her stream out. So many people were around, some staring at her, it was beyond embarrassing. The idea of peeing herself on the train where everyone could see her was an unimaginable thought.

Only about half an hour past, and she was already starting to panic. Her pussy lips were quivering, threatening to force themselves open and release her massive flood at any second if she didn't do it herself soon. But they were barely a quarter through the ride, it would sitll be another hour and a half before a bathroom was in range.

Her tummy growled in discomfort, her insides protesting all the liquids she had drank and trying so hard to force them out. She needed to do something, and fast.

She looked around her seat, underneath, between them. A bottle, a bag, and small container, ANYTHING to release the ocean pounding against her pussy walls into.

Nothing. Not a single thing to pee into. She didn't know what else to do, her bladder was gonna explode in mere moments...

But suddenly, something caught her eye. Her purse.

It was a large white purse, made of waterproof material. It was just what she needed. Without thinking, she dumped all the purses contents onto the seat next to her. Then put it below her. Without her hands on her crotch, she was literal seconds away from exploding if she didn't do this quick.

She lifted her skirt and pulled down her panties, exposing her visibly quivering pussy to the air. She tried to quickly adjust herself to hover over her purse, managing to just in the nick of time before her muscles gave out and her pussy forced its lips open.

Psshhhhhhhhhhhhhh...

"H-haa... Aaahh..." She moaned in pleasure as her torrent of pee forced into her purse. It felt so incredible, she didn't care about the stares or the embarrassment. The relief made it all so worth it. Panting with pleasure, her stream continued for a solid minute before finally starting to die down to a dribble, then stopping. She was lucky it didn't overflow her pussy, though it was certainly ruined now.

She pulled up her panties and zipped up the purse. Luckily it was airtight and would leak. But now she had nowhere to keep her stuff... Oh well, she'd buy a new purse at the station.

She looked to her side, seeing a myriad of people staring at her, baffled at what they'd just seen. Her face as red as a strawberry, she rubbed the back of her head. "S-sorry you all had to see that... h-hehe..."

###

A very short one but still fun! I hope you all enjoyed it! More to come with this eeveelutions soon!

