Chib: An Omorashi Fiction - Page 7

Author: Astraptera

*000*2025-01-22 00:41

{{14 hours ago, Astraptera said:

Ulli probably wasn't the best choice to start with; he has a retractable pseudophallus like Saoirse's

}}

I'd say that using Ulli is even more inclusive since his situation is even more unusual, even if it isn't realistic.

&&

&&

&&

&&

*001*2025-01-22 07:30

{{6 hours ago, orangelion said:

I'd say that using Ulli is even more inclusive since his situation is even more unusual, even if it isn't realistic.

}}

Not realistic for humans, anyway. 😛 Thanks.

*002*2025-01-22 10:29

Part 101:

"To get to the indoor courtyard, it looks like we go down the hallway on the right, then the second...left? Do you mind if we stop at the vending room on the way?" Ulli massaged his upper arm while he and Alvin stood before the building map. The rain hammered on the lobby windows, and the sky was a sullen gray. Vehicles passed on the street infrequently, most belonging to the city utilities and the transport department's ground division.

Perdita wasn't around to give them directions, but Ulli seemed better at reading maps than Alvin. According to a sign near the desk, the hotel ran tours at eleven in the morning and two-thirty in the afternoon. They'd missed the two-thirty tour by about fifteen minutes.

"Were those real tattoos on that priestess last...night?" Ulli asked, pausing to swallow. They passed the front desk and turned the first corner. "They smelled like makeup."

Something about that bothered Alvin. "You can smell that?" Alvin knew Renoige had a better sense of smell than most species, but Ulli could smell makeup. Alvin's mouth felt overly warm and dry.

"Yeah. It's an eyeliner marker. The oil they use as a solvent in this world has a distinct smell," said Ulli. The hall around them led to a game room, more guest rooms, and an old roped-off parlor. The vending room was next to it; something cool to drink sounded wonderful. Alvin drifted toward it and Ulli followed.

"I'll use my credits for both of us since you did my laundry last night," said Alvin, and stepped aside at the beverage machine. Ulli chose the most caffeinated drink in the vending room, bought a pain reliever from another machine, and chugged half of his energy drink with it while Alvin selected water from the machine.

Alvin was slowly beginning to get nauseous, probably from the stress of calling his dad, he reasoned. A bottle tumbled out of the machine, but the small digital display didn't show a decrease in his meal credits. He unscrewed the lid, took a long drink, and tried again. Another bottle fell out.

"For me? How sweet," giggled Ulli. Alvin blushed and realized that something stubborn below his belt had subsided. That was one good thing about not feeling...not great, Alvin conceded to himself. It wasn't bad enough that he needed to lie down, but-

"Water is free with our room credits, and it's free during travel restrictions in hotels and public places," Ulli explained. "It's only a de facto rule. Everywhere I've been in this world does it, though."

Ulli got himself some water, and they left the vending room. Alvin noticed that Ulli held the chilled bottle against his left shoulder while they passed a line of windows looking out onto an eerily vacant street.

"I uhm...Did I hit you that hard running into you last night?" Alvin felt himself blushing again.

It took Ulli a moment to follow Alvin's eyes. "Oh, that. That wasn't you. I get bi-weekly injections in this arm. I got my most recent shot the day before yesterday, and it's sore for a while after."

"What do you need the shots for?" Alvin asked. A hum of conversation around the corner came from a small sitting area, where a group of people sat in the chairs and on the floor, seemingly waiting for something. A few exchanged polite nods with Alvin and Ulli, and Alvin caught a snippet of conversation on the way out. He wasn't paying close attention: the water had mitigated his nausea, but the mental fog only increased. He caught, "I think it was undercooked," and the word "cabbage."

"That makes sense," Alvin yawned to himself. The voices faded, falling further behind while they walked.

"What makes sense?" Ulli asked, finishing his energy drink and making a face.

Alvin's mouth was dry again. He drank from his water and said, "I think the sea cabbage we had for lunch was undercooked."

"Is that bad?" asked Ulli. "I liked it."

"It's not bad, just inconvenient. We'll need to drink more water for an hour or two." Alvin did a quick mental inventory of himself and found that his bladder was rapidly filling up. "And stay near a bathroom." There weren't any bathrooms around that Alvin could see.

Alvin and Ulli wandered the halls looking for a bathroom. The halls all seemed to look the same, except for some creepy stairways, the door to the kitchen garden, the kitchen corridor lined with room service carts, and hallways with windows to the outside, from which they could tell which floor they were on, and one hall whose windows looked out into the large glass-ceilinged central courtyard; fruit trees, ornamental bushes, and leafy tropical plants sprawled in the uneven light.

"Are there no bathrooms in this place?" Alvin hated the whine in his voice but couldn't help it: if he spoke normally, he was afraid he'd burst.

Ulli finished his water and stared out the nearest window. "That looks like a good place for a leak," he said, eyeing a secluded spot next to a fountain.

Alvin whimpered, "How would we even get in?"

Holding his empty energy drink and water bottle under his arm, Ulli approached the nearest window, examined the latch, and looked through at an angle.

"I was going to say we should hop through the window." Ulli's irises reflected eerily in the weak daylight. "But I'm not sure either of us should be hopping. Come on, the door is just around the corner." He took Alvin's hand and started walking. Alvin's heart fluttered, and he staggered as fast as he could to keep up. He was past the point of bursting and dribbled helplessly into his underwear.

Ulli pushed through the door to the courtyard. The courtyard was a sprawling greenhouse landscaped around elaborate water fountains, babbling merrily while the rain pounded the greenhouse ceiling and flowed into rooftop channels. Ulli led Alvin behind a stand of leafy trees into a private little clearing next to one of the larger fountains and let go of his hand. Alvin took two steps toward the middle of the clearing and yanked down his pants. His dick was soft, at least, and he aimed it from mid-shaft. Ulli stepped up next to him and unzipped the hidden crotch flap in his coveralls. His cock was fully erect and oddly straight with a pronounced head, which he shyly pointed at the ground. Alvin realized he was staring and looked away.

Ulli took a breath and shot a pressurized jet of urine into the soft garden soil. Meanwhile, Alvin had stopped. He was agonizingly full but couldn't relax to let any out. Even the desperate drip had stopped.

"Are you alright, Alvin?" asked Ulli. His tone seemed unnervingly casual to Alvin.

"Y-yeah," Alvin grunted and pushed on his bladder. It hurt dully and nothing came out. He glanced at Ulli, who gave him a pointed look. It made his stomach flutter despite himself. "No...I can't really...I can't relax unless I'm in a bathroom."

Ulli's flow cut off abruptly and he turned to Alvin, half-hiding his massive erection behind his hand. "Here, close your eyes."

Alvin blinked. "Why? What are you going to do?" Ulli's penis was visibly throbbing. Alvin's eyes darted between it and Ulli's face.

"Nothing to do with that," Ulli sighed, exasperated, and didn't make any further attempts to hide himself. "I was thinking some visualization might help."

Alvin tentatively closed his eyes. "Alright. Now what?"

"Imagine you're in a familiar bathroom. Stand at the door. What does it look like?"

Alvin repainted the image of a restaurant bathroom from his homeworld. "It's...the bathroom from the Geometric Dragon in Grace Harbor."

"Alright," said Ulli. "Excellent. Specificity is good. I've never been. What color is the floor? The walls?"

"The floor has small hexagonal floor tiles. They're light blue. The walls have this...antique-looking wallpaper. There aren't urinals, only three toilets in bathroom stalls, and the sinks are low on the wall, even for me. The counter between the sinks is the same dirty blue as the floor, and their soap is that floral stuff that makes me sneeze."

"Very nice. Do you usually enter a specific stall?" Ulli prompted. Alvin nodded. "Alright. Go in. Tell me what you see."

"It's the end stall, by the wall. I don't like the wallpaper but the gaps in the stalls make it so that you can see your neighbor if you're facing the door."

Ulli made a sympathetic noise. "That sounds awkward."

"It was, but it was okay if you were the only one in the bathroom," said Alvin. He finally saw what Ulli was doing: in his head, he turned to the toilet and finally relieved himself. The heavy flow didn't splash like he expected, but he didn't mind. Water gurgled, rushed, or pounded all around and it was easy to pretend he was in a bathroom.

Alvin heard a low hum of voices and felt his body trying to close up. The imaginary bathroom wavered around him.

"Keep going," whispered Ulli. "We're well off the path. They won't see us."

The door from the hallway opened, and the voices swelled before abruptly ceasing. A female voice projected into the pause, loud and clear.

"This is the central courtyard. Used for entertaining and diplomatic garden parties." The voice went on to talk about the plants grown in the gardens and the fountains and their symbolism. Despite that, Alvin finished and hastily pulled his waistband back into place. Ulli stood next to him with his dick still out and slightly more swollen than before, listening intently to the tour group's movements. He wasn't as big down there as Alvin, but most people weren't. Ulli didn't seem to notice Alvin staring, and after a few seconds, his tail twitched, he squared his hips, and shot another powerful stream at the ground. It quickly slowed to a lazy arch, and he gave a small sigh of relief. Ulli finished and zipped up. He hid himself so well that Alvin couldn't tell he was hard if he didn't know where to look. How long had he been walking around like that, Alvin thought.

When Ulli was satisfied that the group was far enough away, he turned to Alvin. "Feeling better?" he asked. Alvin turned pink.

"Much better. Thank you," Alvin breathed. They walked casually out of the trees and caught a brief glimpse of the tour group, led by a Grisderm staff member.

Alvin waited to speak until they'd put several hallways between themselves and the tour group. "Where did you learn that...thing?" he asked, wishing he could've worded it better.

Ulli didn't blush - or if he did, Alvin couldn't see it under his fur - but he looked distinctly sheepish. "I'd rather not talk about that here," he said carefully.

"Imagining a bathroom?" Alvin asked tentatively.

Ulli's eyes widened. "Oh. That. I thought you meant...I learned to visualize in school. It's taught as a relaxation technique, but I've used it to sleep or pee in unfamiliar places."

They arrived at their room after stopping by the laundry room and the vending room. Ulli had gotten a set of hotel pajamas and had had to abstain from drinking more caffeine. Both purchased pain relievers and two bottles of water each. Alvin didn't open his water on the walk to their room, but when they returned, he was desperate again.

"Mind if I take care of my business and change in the shower? I promise I'll be quiet," said Ulli.

"Make as much noise as you like," Alvin grunted. The door fell shut behind them and they made for the bathroom.

______________________________________

I based the Enormous Richard somewhat off the castle used for the Rose Red miniseries, because giant greenhouse courtyard sounds cool as heck. Except maybe no ghosts. Maybe. The actual house is called Thornwood Castle and is a popular hotel slash event venue, and it has secret passage bathrooms. I know someone who got married there, and though I couldn't go to the wedding due to scheduling stuff, it's probably a good thing I didn't, because I'd get in trouble for exploring. Or possibly eaten by ghosts. Either way it's still in a residential area and they don't want guests wandering around at all hours, as I surely would be doing.

*003*2025-02-04 08:15

Part 102:

Alvin pulled his waistband down as soon as Ulli had closed the curtain. He'd hastily tossed his water bottle onto his bed on the way in and almost wished he hadn't: his throat was dry. He noted that his pants were also dry as he overflowed into the toilet bowl with what would've been loud, embarrassing splashing only twelve hours ago. He absently listened to Ulli unzipping his clothes. Ulli slung his work coveralls over the shower rod, followed by a tank top and his socks.

Alvin heard a rushing noise and thought Ulli had turned on the faucet, but didn't hear the plumbing in the old walls. The drain gurgled, and Alvin realized that Ulli was probably peeing too. They'd both eaten the undercooked sea cabbage, and he'd said he had to go again in the hallway.

"Are you still-" Alvin began and then caught himself. "Umm..."

Ulli waited. Alvin's flow stopped, and the only noise in the bathroom was Ulli's stream, whizzing loudly against the whistling wind from outside.

"How do you pee with a...um..." Alvin tried and failed to ask a less awkward question. He could've asked if Ulli was still going to...wash his clothes. His head hurt. "Sorry."

Ulli took his time responding. He finished emptying his bladder and heaved a drawn-out sigh that mixed relief with either anger or-

"Well, I might as well tell you now," Ulli said. His tone was flat and Alvin couldn't read it. Alvin's stomach dropped. He liked Ulli and he'd been doing so well, then he said the exact wrong thing. Again.

"You asked about my shots, yes?" Ulli's voice cracked. Alvin braced himself.

"Yes," Alvin said slowly. "If you don't want to discuss it, it's alright."

"No. I need to get this over with," Ulli sighed. "Alvin, I'm trans."

Neither of them spoke for a long, tense moment.

Alvin gulped. The sides of his throat stuck together. "So...they're hormone shots?" he asked.

"Yeah. I thought I'd get it out of the way while it's still early."

"Early?" Alvin said numbly.

"While the priestess lady is at the desk, and emergency city transit is still running." Ulli clarified. He didn't sound angry anymore: he sounded resigned, which was worse. "Service stops at six."

Alvin felt lightheaded. He felt a sudden urge to pee. He was still at the toilet and let the brief trickle into the bowl. "You would...leave?"

"If I have to, yes. We could be stuck in this city for another two or three days."

"Just a sec." Alvin pulled up his waistband and stepped over to the sink, where he washed his hands before picking up one of the wrapped hotel cups, unwrapping it, and rapidly chugging two cups of tap water. It cooled his hot, dry throat. "I've...it's been...um..."

Ulli's tank top slid off the top of the shower curtain and he began to pull at his uniform. Alvin's face prickled as the blood drained from it.

"That's not what I meant," said Alvin quickly. "I like staying here with you. I couldn't even tell. I'll leave if you want, but I'd rather double up with you for the next year than stay with my dad, and I've known you for maybe sixteen hours."

"You're not angry? Or at least put off?" Ulli asked as one might prod at a bad tooth to see when the pain will come. His voice cracked with either nerves or a dry throat. "Homeworld Hamans have a problem with it sometimes."

"I don't mind. Please stay." Alvin felt his response was badly-worded, but couldn't think of a better one.

"I'll stay, then." Ulli's voice was relieved. The faucet in the shower turned on and he slurped some water before adding, "And I've always been able to pee when I'm hard. The shots make it easier to retract too, for some reason."

Alvin blushed. He'd lived off the Homeworld since his parents split, but he always seemed caught off-guard by how open people from other worlds could be about their bodily functions. "How...does that work?"

"I'd rather not talk about it right now," said Ulli casually. "Would you mind giving me some privacy for a few minutes though?"

"Of course." Alvin's face heated again and he adjusted his hoodie to hide any embarrassing bulges. "The evening menus should be here any time."

Alvin flopped onto his bed, opened his first water bottle, and took the pain relievers he'd bought in the vending room. The chilled water made his headache slightly worse, so he poured the cold water into the electric kettle. Alvin lay stretched out, waiting for his water to boil and the pain relievers to work. He listened for the click of the kettle, dozing until he heard the rustling of paper being slid under the door.

"There you are," Alvin yawned to himself and sat up.

A slip of paper came with the evening menu. Ulli had turned the shower on, and Alvin didn't want to disturb him, so he selected a peppermint tea that he didn't like the smell of to drink while he waited. The mint tea tasted like it had been sitting in its box for a year, but it slowed his fluid consumption. His bladder was already half full.

"The hotel is comping us each an extra dessert," Alvin told Ulli when he emerged from the bathroom in his new hotel pajamas. "Someone told them about the sea cabbage."

"Sounds good," said Ulli. Alvin handed him the menu and he marked down his order. Ulli slid the menu into a compartment in the door and sat on his bed, picking up his magazine. He flipped to the word search and reached over to the bedside table for a pen.

With that done, Alvin lay back and closed his eyes. The radio was on, catching announcements about road closures, grounded air transports, and flood warnings for various areas. Alvin's brain wanted to drift off to sleep, but his bladder stubbornly anchored him to consciousness.

A hand nudged Alvin. "Alvin?" Alvin looked up into Ulli's firey yellow-orange eyes and his heart fluttered. "You need to get up. Now."

"Wh-" Alvin felt it: he was about to piss himself. "Fuck-"

Ulli caught Alvin as he stumbled out of bed and steadied him almost halfway to the bathroom. Alvin's bladder strained when he saw the open door.

Knock knock knock

Alvin tried to freeze, but Ulli nudged him along. "It's our food. I'll get it. Go on." Ulli's voice was so authoritative that Alvin caught his feet moving before he could stop them.

The bathroom door closed as Ulli opened the door to the hallway. If Alvin peed in the toilet, anyone in the hotel room or coming in from the hallway could hear him. He didn't know why the thought was so distressing, but the sink looked enough like a toilet.

Clear urine splashed into the sink's basin. It ran quietly down the drain, and Alvin tried to swallow the taste of stale mint tea in the back of his throat.

"Thank you," Ulli said pleasantly and closed the door. Alvin listened to his footsteps getting closer and closer until the bathroom door opened. Alvin's piss was still gurgling down the sink.

"Oh, that's what you're doing," said Ulli, rushing toward the toilet. He pulled his pants down and sat, dripping into the bowl. "I thought it was quiet in here. This works, though." Ulli grunted and pushed out a gentle, tinkling spray. There was nowhere safe to look - Alvin didn't want to stare at Ulli and didn't dare look down at himself - except straight ahead in the mirror at his mortified reflection. Alvin was red to his pointed ears and the stupid buzz cut. It made him look extra wide, short, and stubby.

"Sorry, Alvin," said Ulli. Alvin glanced over cautiously. Nothing was showing except Ulli's furry legs. Meanwhile, Alvin's dick lay over the lip of the bathroom sink, half hard and on full display. "I should've knocked or something."

Alvin sighed. "You don't need to apologize. We wouldn't be in this situation if our lunch had been properly cooked." He shook off, put away his cock as discreetly as he could, and washed his hands. "The hotel pajamas look nice on you. They look comfy."

"They're nice. I like the tail closure," agreed Ulli. "I think the color looks nicer on you, though. Why did you only get the bottoms?"

"The uh..." Alvin's reflection blushed brighter. "Look at the bottom hem. In the front."

Ulli looked down at his pajama top and ran his fingers over the embroidered hotel name. "Ohhh...I think I see. The logo goes right over your-..." he bit his lip and took a deep breath, covering his eyes. "Enormous Richard."

The tension twisting in Alvin's chest from the past few days found a new outlet: he laughed. It wasn't even that funny, but both Alvin and Ulli cracked up and laughed hard for several minutes. As the laughter died down, Ulli spoke up.

"'Enormous' is a fitting description, though," he gasped. "Having the name there is a little too on-the-nose."

"Thanks, I think," Alvin started laughing again. This time they went on until Ulli reminded Alvin that their food was in the other room. Alvin hadn't been hungry when he woke from his nap, but he was now. He opened his extra dessert first: sweet rice cakes with seasonally spiced custard and fresh whipped cream. Alvin liked it when it was cool, but when it was warm it was one of his favorite comfort foods. He stared at it in its takeout container for a few seconds, afraid it might be impolite to start eating first when Ulli walked in.

"Ooh, what's that?" asked Ulli, sitting on his bed and scooting over to the folding tray between their beds. He didn't hesitate to snatch up a plate of pasta and dig in.

"We just call it 'rice cakes' where I'm from," said Alvin. The cakes looked like all of his hopes and dreams. "Would you like to try some?" It was a wrench to sacrifice some of his comfort food until he reminded himself he could order it again at breakfast, and he still had his dinner and another dessert on the tray.

"One bite." Ulli unwrapped a clean spoon and handed it to Alvin, who scooped what he thought was a good cross-section. Ulli took it and stuck it in his mouth. "Oh yeah, I'm ordering that tomorrow," he said and picked up his pasta again.

__________________________________

I had one hell of a day, Vegeta. No battleships or whales but I decided to edit this for posting. Next time I want to try for at least a sketch, but today was busy enough that I spent the effort I'd put into a dozen sketches making phone calls and setting things up to get my vehicle working again.

*005*2025-02-07 18:47

Part 103:

The evening was slow and lazy despite the storm picking up outside and changing the tempo of the background noise to a suppressed scream. Ulli sat on his bed with the television remote while Alvin took out their used dishes. Neither had finished their food and kept their leftovers covered on the folding tray between their beds.

“Winds are expected to stay high well into tomorrow afternoon. If your power or communication lines…”

Ulli changed the channel after the same announcement played three more times while Alvin sat down. On the first channel was an auditorium filled with a mostly Grisderm audience watching what appeared to be either a debate or a talk show. Ulli flipped on until they returned to the wind announcement.

“Is there anything on that you'd like to watch?” yawned Ulli.

Alvin didn't bother to suppress the yawn when it came to him. “No. I recognized Daffodil's Garden a few channels ago, but it's not something I watch.”

Ulli shrugged and flipped back to Daffodil's Garden. The titular Daffodil was rollerblading and…counting? Alvin yawned again.

“I was going to check the vending room for more airship magazines. Wanna come with?” Ulli asked, standing up and stretching.

Neither of the two men had used the bathroom in the past hour, and they took turns, with Alvin making sure their leftover dinner was securely covered before they left.

“So…you like airships?” Alvin said conversationally while the door closed behind them.

Ulli nodded. “I guess so. I work on them for a living.”

“You work for the City of Stone,” Alvin recalled.

“I do,” said Ulli. "I'm there most of the time, but they shuffle mechanics around when needed. It's a good job with good benefits, and travel is either free or discounted for government workers. Being on call can be a drag sometimes, but I usually like that too."

"Do you live in the City of Stone?" Alvin was feeling better and found he had an appetite for talking. He watched Ulli to make sure he didn't overdo it.

"Yeah. My family lives in one of the traditional cavern homes."

"You live in a cave?" asked Alvin. "What's it like?"

Ulli laughed. "Surprisingly un-cave-like most of the time. Are you in a hurry to get to the City of Bats?" They turned up a hallway passing the front desk, from which Perdita looked up from her computer screen and waved at them. She was pale and wasn't wearing makeup. They waved back.

"Not really," sighed Alvin, continuing their conversation. He'd mentioned his dad once or twice, but had been sparing with the information; Alvin's dad was his problem, not other people's.

"Want to stop by and have a meal before the City of Bats? I'll cook, the airship tickets will be free, and I can fly you back to the station," Ulli offered.

There were people in the vending room when Alvin and Ulli arrived. Ulli exchanged a friendly glance with their fellow guests and eyed the magazine rack. He didn't look hopeful.

"Alvin?" Ulli prompted. Behind them, the other guests debated more snack foods. Alvin realized he'd been eavesdropping on the conversation and blushed.

"Oh uh...yeah, that sounds good," Alvin said lamely.

Ulli nodded, frowned at the limited selection of magazines, and swiped his currency card. He entered a code and the machine dropped a thin book of crosswords and word searches. The other guests in the vending room left, one of them mentioning a "movie library." Alvin thought about it while Ulli flipped through his crosswords.

Alvin asked Ulli about his family on the walk back to their room. Ulli lived with his parents and twin sister Miki, in addition to a throcken named Nimhe who hated men.

"I can't hate her for it, but I wish she wouldn't bite so hard," Ulli laughed. The two were almost level with the front desk, and Alvin stopped, touching Ulli's arm. "Do we need something from the front desk?" Ulli asked.

"I just wanted to ask about something," said Alvin. The clerk was still at the desk. It was almost six, and she'd be leaving shortly. "Excuse me, Perdita?" Alvin remembered the name but glanced at her nametag to be sure.

Perdita sat up in her chair. "It's you guys," she said. "Don't tell me..." Perdita focused on Alvin first. "Alvin Tyckk..." She shifted to Ulli. "And...Mulliak...Nalligik?"

"Magguliak," corrected Ulli. "I prefer Ulli. You got the last name on the first try though."

Perdita smiled, repeated their names to herself, and asked how she could help them. Alvin asked about the movie library.

"It's right next to the lobby," said Perdita, pointing at a hallway off the lobby, near the door to the street. Directional signs indicated the library was through that hallway. "The movies are in the back left corner and we have books and a stash of board games in the big cabinet that you can check out as well."

Alvin and Ulli each picked out a movie and lingered to stare at the selection of board games and browse the bookshelves. The library was beautifully restored. A plaque near the door said the floor had been tiled with mirrors for the first twenty years after the house was built. It had been switched for stone tile and fine carpets after mirror floors caused a fire.

When they left the library, Perdita was gone for the day. Alvin turned his movie's case over in his hands.

"Mind if we detour to the vending room again?" sighed Ulli. "I need caffeine. We can try a shortcut back through the indoor courtyard." Alvin wasn't in a hurry, so he agreed.

This time Ulli didn't go for the most caffeinated drink in the room, opting for a flavor of energy drink he liked. It was more like the second or third most caffeinated drink in the room, and he bought two cans and brought the second back while he drank the other.

Ulli easily found the door to the indoor courtyard, which was a relief because Alvin was starting to need a bathroom again.

The lights in the indoor courtyard were sparse and mostly along the walls. Over the glass roof, the sky was dark, grayed out by city lights and flashes of lightning. Alvin and Ulli's path would be through the middle, not through the darkest part of the greenhouse, but Alvin still couldn't see. Ulli seemed to notice and wedged his movie, crossword book, and unopened energy drink under one arm to hold out a hand to Alvin.

"I can see just fine," said Ulli. His eyes reflected the scarce light like far-off embers. "There's a lamppost in the middle of this courtyard. It's not the most direct path but there's light. We can go that way if you like."

Alvin took Ulli's hand. He didn't see a lamppost, but the trees were thick. The windows of lit hallways were brighter than the courtyard lights, and neither gave off much light. Alvin wondered if they were battery-powered while Ulli led him along the cobbled garden path.

The darkness seemed to press in around Alvin, making the large garden feel small and cramped. He could smell the soil, the floral and vegetable scents of the garden's plants, and an occasional sharp tang from fertilizers and water chemicals. The lamppost blinked into sight between the leaves of an ancient-looking tree. It gave off a weak, watery pale yellow light; the same color Alvin's urine would be when he arrived back at the room. He felt almost completely back to normal after the sea cabbage, but he and Ulli had spent just over an hour browsing the library. They'd both been moving around, and Alvin had sipped from his water bottle the whole time.

Ulli stopped at the lamppost and looked at Alvin apologetically. "Could you wait here for a minute? I'm not gonna make it to our room," he half-whispered. He let go of Alvin's hand and set his drinks, book, and movie on the stone bench across the path from the lamppost. He loosened the tail closure on his pants while he shuffled hurriedly into the nearest trees. Alvin stood under the lamp and looked around. All he could see outside the circle of light was a textured shadow. His eyes had acclimated as well as they could to the dark, but his night vision had never been great.

Something rustled in the bushes. Alvin assumed it was Ulli at first, but it was on the wrong side of the path.

"Um...hello?" Alvin gulped, facing where the rustling was coming from.

"Alvin? Is everything okay?" came Ulli's voice from behind him.

The bushes rustled again, but there was no other response. Alvin felt like he was being watched. He tried not to pee himself and backed into the stone bench. That was when he noticed a pale shape beyond one of the bushes. The rain above kicked up to a hammering pace.

"Alvin?" Ulli called over the growing din. "Alvin, hold on. I'm almost finished-" The rest of what he said was drowned out while Alvin stared at the pale figure. It stood next to an ornate table covered in clear plastic.

Alvin approached the figure. Reminding himself that he wasn't in a bathroom helped him hold his bladder, and he raised a hand in greeting trying not to look terrified. It was probably a hotel staff member, he reasoned desperately. In a...raincoat, possibly?

Above, the rain let up, going from an onslaught of water to a sparse but heavy drizzle. The sudden cessation left a ringing void. "Hello?" Alvin quavered over acute tinnitus. "Do you need help?"

The figure stared at him. It had moved during the cloudburst, but it hadn't moved like a person. Alvin's nerves sang as he stepped closer and felt cold droplets on his head and neck.

A hand grasped Alvin's elbow and he screamed, his free hand clamping reflexively over his crotch. Whoever grabbed his arm pulled him around to face a pair of glowing orange eyes.

_______________________________________

I think I promised no ghosts? Or maybe I did promise ghosts? Either way I lied. 🙂 Sort of. I get my car back today and it was worse than I thought, but not much worse. Enough that I might rage-finish this WIP on my tablet tonight. The background is modeled directly from a photo of the house where Rose Red by Stephen King was filmed(same with the pic on the wall), and I'm using references for Alvin and Ulli's poses to keep the proportions consistent.

&&

*006*2025-02-08 23:06

Part 104:

"Ulli." Alvin felt lightheaded with relief, and more lightheaded when he remembered the figure behind him. He strained over his shoulder to look at it. It was still there, moving sporadically with small noises.

Ulli placed a hand on Alvin's face and turned it gently toward him. "Alvin," he said slowly. Ulli was so calm and confident, and Alvin's heart skipped a beat as it raced. "It's all right. If you like I can hold your things and-"

"There's someone..." Alvin gasped. His mouth was dry, this time from nerves. His voice locked up, so he just pointed. Ulli looked, pulled Alvin back a step, and clasped his shoulders.

"Alvin, that isn't a person."

Alvin paled. "What is it?"

"I don't know what it's called, but it's furniture. I'll show you when we get to our room," Ulli sighed. He held his hands out and Alvin handed him the items he was carrying. "You can pee right here if you want. There's no one else out here."

"How did-" Alvin looked at Ulli. Ulli had taken his things to free up his hands, Alvin realized. "You could..."

"I can't not smell it. Sorry," said Ulli. Alvin turned and closed his eyes to visualize. The Geometric Dragon's bathroom took a long moment to reconstruct, but he felt his body respond as soon as the toilet materialized in his mind. Alvin relaxed and tried to stop shaking. He felt some wetness on the outside of his pants but didn't remember leaking. He was tempted to open his eyes and look down until a fat drop of water plunked on the top of his head. Another followed and Alvin carefully stepped back. "Would it make you feel better if I told you I might've wet myself if I hadn't been so focused on the lamppost and saw it?"

"A bit," Alvin admitted. He hadn't just jumped, so it didn't alleviate all of the embarrassment. He'd waved at and tried to talk to a..."What is it? A chair?"

"I'll show you when we get back," Ulli repeated. "It was in some of the historical photos in the lobby. It looks like they draped a tarp over it to keep it dry."

Since it was quieter, Alvin could hear the drips on the white tarp, and the leaves, producing the rustling noises he'd heard earlier. The water on the ground was finally beginning to soak into Alvin's flimsy hotel slippers. He was almost finished, so he waited for the flow to cease.

Alvin took his things back from Ulli, and they finished crossing the courtyard without any water dripping on their heads.

"I haven't even heard of your movie," said Alvin, holding the room door open for Ulli and closing it behind them. "What's 'Arson Hicks and Old Base' about?"

Ulli opened his mouth to reply and the communication line's call chime rang. Alvin hadn't noticed that he'd been smiling until his face fell. The Transport department had already called Ulli for the evening, so it would either be the front desk, Ulli's family or...well, he hoped it would be the front Desk or Ulli's relatives. Alvin had a sick but not strictly logical feeling it would be his dad.

"Hello?" While Alvin stood floundering, Ulli sat at the console and answered the call. "Oh, hi Miki-" he paused to look up. "It's my sister."

Alvin let out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding. "I'm gonna go wash my hands," he whispered while a voice buzzed in the earpiece. Ulli acknowledged it with a nod and gave Alvin a quick smile before replying to his sister.

"No, I'm in a hotel room. I'm just doubling up. That's why I told Dad not to call after-" Ulli's voice faded when Alvin entered the bathroom. He didn't close the door, but let it fall halfway closed behind him. After washing his hands, he bent to rinse his face and jumped at the burst of sudden, loud static from the communications console. Ulli made a surprised noise.

"Ow. Sorry, Miki."

"No worries. I think I just did that to my bio prof," said a high-pitched nasal voice. Ulli had switched the speakers, and his sister's voice was loud and clear, punctuated by static. "Do you think he'd fail me for it? I've already missed three days now."

Ulli yawned, "During a monsoon? He's not going to blame you for that. I had worse from the dispatch office this morning. I'm just glad I took the call in the hallway."

"Oh yeah, you have a roommate," Miki said, sounding unenthusiastic.

"Alvin's not the reason I'm stuck here," said Ulli. "And he's been a very considerate roommate."

Alvin's stomach dropped and he froze with the hand towel on his face.

"Oh? Do tell," said Miki. Alvin panicked inwardly and braced himself to hear the worst. "Is he cute?"

"Simmik," Ulli sighed.

"Magguliak," retorted Miki. Alvin swallowed a lump in his throat. It meant something when Renoige used their proper names in conversation, but he didn't know what. It was probably bad.

"Yes. But *you* called about the circuit box," said Ulli pointedly. "I have everything labeled. Flip the surge protector switch and turn off the power to the hangar. If the power goes out, I have a radio in the Limmie you can use to call Mom and Dad. You know where my keys are."

Alvin could feel how hot his face was through the hand towel. Ulli had called him "cute." Not verbatim but...Alvin lowered the towel and looked in the mirror. His face was embarrassingly red, and he thought he looked extra wide and stubby in his baggy Doodling Dragons sweatshirt and loose hotel pants. He turned off the sink and tried not to seem nervous when he exited the bathroom. Ulli would probably be able to smell it, he thought apprehensively.

When Alvin emerged, Ulli was looking through the cupboards. They'd chosen their movie order for the night, and Alvin saw that Ulli had already slotted the first into the player and sat down next to their dinner tray.

"What are you looking for?" Alvin asked, opening a box of fried potatoes. They were cold and not crispy anymore, but they still tasted good.

Ulli stepped away from the last cupboard, sighing. "That thing we saw in the...Oh. Of course!" He went for the drawer under the communication console and pulled out a brochure. Before Alvin knew it, Ulli was sitting down next to him, opening the brochure. Alvin was acutely aware of the physical closeness and could smell the hotel shampoo Ulli had washed with. He hoped he wasn't blushing again and reached for another potato to have something to do with his hands.

"Here it is!" Ulli leaned over. In the "historical interest" section of the Enormous Richard's brochure was a picture of a garden party, including the stone table Alvin had seen and several high-backed garden chairs, one of which looked uncannily like the shrouded shape. "The text doesn't say what they're called though." He glanced up at Alvin, who had his mouth full.

"Um..." Alvin said through a mouthful of potato. "I don't know any fancy names for them."

"So you..." Ulli said slowly. Rord of the Lings was a historical drama about an Andyne scientist. Alvin wasn't sure what was going on otherwise: there was a lot of filing and nobody's name was Ling. He and Ulli had lost interest about half an hour in. Ulli had gone over to Alvin's bed, and they sat eating their leftovers and solving crossword puzzles. Ulli seemed nervous, but Alvin told himself that must've been the energy drinks.

"You don't like this movie?" Ulli asked tentatively. The two were currently puzzling over a six-letter word that started with "a" and had something to do with tying shoes. Instead of hacking away at the one problem, Alvin moved on to the word that ended the first: "cheerful, red, blood."

Alvin yawned, "I got it because I haven't seen it before. I won't be sad if you don't like it; these Andyne historical-fic films take some patience to get into."

"They love their paperwork," Ulli laughed, his voice cracking. He paused to finish his second energy drink.

"They really do," agreed Alvin. He hovered his pen over the 8-letter word. He thought he knew what it was, but it didn't help with the previous word much. "What's a Limmie?"

The pause made Alvin look up. Ulli's eyes were wide. "It's..." he said slowly, looking Alvin over. "It's the airship I've been fixing up. It's short for 'Limpet,' but the name is kind of lame. It's a cool model though; one of the ones named for mollusks. It's rounded with a spiral central structure and some unusual features," Ulli gabbled, his voice cracking with nerves. "I could probably talk about it all night. You...heard some of my conversation with my sister?"

Alvin tried not to think about how red his face would be. "Not...um...not much of it," he admitted. "Did you mean it when you said..." He looked up at Ulli and his resolve drained away. Ulli didn't look angry, but Alvin knew from experience that didn't mean someone wasn't angry.

"Yes. Does that bother you?" Ulli asked earnestly. Taken aback by his openness, Alvin looked Ulli over for any sign that he was joking or a hint of deception.

"Even with my...um..." Alvin gulped. He couldn't believe he was having this conversation. He couldn't say it so he cupped his crotch briefly. "You know."

"What's wrong with your penis?" asked Ulli baldly.

The amount of blood rushing to Alvin's face jogged his memory and he wrote the word "sanguine" into the crossword. "I heard it wasn't um...I heard that Renoige would find it ugly."

Ulli blinked. "From who?"

Alvin hid his face in his hands. "Some other boys in school years ago. They were Haman."

"I think I see," said Ulli. "And I like it. Renoige come in all sizes down there, just like everyone else. There might be some regional beauty standards, but if there are I don't know them. I've lived in the City of Stone since I was twelve."

Something warm trickled down the inside of Alvin's right nostril and he hastily plugged his nose. Ulli had said-

"Are you alright?" Ulli asked, concerned. Alvin nodded and swallowed some blood. "Let's get you in the bathroom." He stood up and ushered Alvin to his feet.

"It's just a nosebleed," said Alvin. "I get them all the time."

"And that means we should just leave it alone?" Ulli sighed. The blood that had escaped dripped down Alvin's lip and he stuck out his tongue to stop it. "Don't lick it!" Ulli unrolled a neat stack of toilet paper squares, wet it partially under the sink, and leaned in close. He'd said he liked Alvin's-

"Lift your hand." Ulli's voice was so calm and authoritative that Alvin complied, his heart fluttering again. Ulli cleaned his face and made sure he stayed hydrated, and they let the movie run while they resumed solving word puzzles on Alvin's bed.

_______________________________________________________

Does anyone else find that tablets are different from paper? It might just be my model but I spent a couple of hours trying to sketch Alvin and Ulli's faces and came up with nothing I liked. So I went and got a sketchbook and got faces I liked after four sketches in about thirty minutes. I also sketched Perdita the receptionist - she's in the first story I wrote in the current fictional multiverse, and I haven't drawn her in at least 10-15 years. I don't normally sketch this much, so I decided to post another part.

I went a little overboard with Perdita's eye markings: one mark under the eye for people in the Haman priest caste represents roughly twenty years of life. I've shown others with priest caste eye marks in other artworks on this thread, and theirs represent their actual age. In Perdita's case, it's makeup. The faux-hawk she has is also meant to look like the hairstyles currently in fashion in the priest caste, and her ears don't have their points cut off.

Also now you see what I mean about the ghosts. 🙂 It was a chair.

*008*2025-02-09 07:38

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

The most obvious reason is that glass is smooth and provides little friction. While paper has some texture that adds friction. They sell these screen protectors that make iPads feel like paper: https://paperlike.com/


. I can't vouch for their quality cause I don't own an iPad, nor do I draw(I gave up drawing before I graduated high school). I've found some listing for paperlike screen protectors for other tablets made by other companies, if you don't have an iPad. Again can't vouch for their quality.

You paper drawings are still great though. So no need to feel compelled to buy the screen protectors if you aren't interested.

}}

Screen protectors sound interesting. My tablet is an older model that needs to be wired up every time, and the glass on it really is annoyingly slick. I talked to a friend who uses an iPad earlier today about it, and the zoom and eraser functions are oddly restrictive on my tablet as well. My friend is going to let me try out ProCreate on their iPad next time I'm at their place for comparison, which will be interesting. Also I'm eager to try all those textures.

And thank you. 🙂 Why did you give up drawing, if you don't mind me asking?

*010*2025-02-09 18:59

{{9 hours ago, orangelion said:

Was never good at it and have been a perfectionist since I was a kid. So my imperfect drawings put me off. I never really got into it in the first place.

}}

That's understandable. There has to be a lot of imperfection before you get good at something, and usually for art that means you might run out of art supplies, patience, or both.

*011*2025-02-26 22:59

Part 105:

The dark was smooth. Del had reached a fragile state of painlessness; she knew if she talked too loudly or moved too fast, the headache would start again.

"What about that was supposed to be gross, again?" Del asked.

"The food poisoning and having to pee frequently," answered Alvin. "Most other people who work here would think it's gross."

Del sighed, "Alvin, a big part of my life is a sport where I pee half the time I land."

"I also waved at a chair because I thought it was a person," Alvin added.

"That's silly, not gross," said Del. "How's your head?"

"Less sore. You?" Alvin yawned, breathing carefully.

Del caught the yawn and didn't fight it. "About the same. How long were you and Ulli at the Enormous Richard?"

"I think I know," Ulli said, picking up the last of their plates. It was well past midnight, and they had finally finished their food. Alvin sat on his bed, hovering over their mostly-completed crossword. Ulli could smell that he needed to pee again. It was about time after that nosebleed, Ulli thought. "Aglets."

Alvin's clear blue eyes widened. He was half a head shorter than Ulli with closely cropped mouse-brown hair, a rounded face, and a thin nose. He had the Haman pointed ears and a pale skin tone with a subtle green tint. Alvin favored baggy clothes and his hoodie was from a theme park in Salish, featuring two dragons who appeared to be drawing roller coasters.

"It fits," yawned Alvin. Ulli found the breakfast menus already in their slot. They slipped out of his hand when he picked them up and he felt a short, intense bolt of anger at the laminated slips of paper. "That clue was misleading."

Ulli took a deep breath and felt the reason for his frustration: a dull, throbbing pain radiated from his upper left arm to his elbow, his recurring headache from the sea cabbage hadn't quite gone away, and his bladder was full again. He'd been holding it for at least two hours without noticing. Ulli felt he was missing something, but knew that relieving his bladder and getting rid of the headache and arm pain would take care of most of it. Part of Ulli impulsively wanted to snap at Alvin about the crossword, but most of him pointed out that Alvin was right about the word "aglets" and didn't deserve to get snapped at. Ulli exhaled slowly and waited for the menus to flutter to the floor before picking them up.

The pain relievers were in the bathroom, and Ulli found himself and Alvin walking in the same direction.

"Do you need to use the bathroom too?" Alvin asked. Ulli could smell the blood in the wad of toilet paper in his hand. Ulli didn't mind blood, but it wasn't helping his temper.

"I'm going for the pain relievers," said Ulli. "But I do need to go."

"I'll use the shower," Alvin volunteered, padding into the bathroom. The thought of peeing next to Alvin again made something click in Ulli's mind: he realized he was horny. Merely knowing eased some of his frustration until Alvin stepped into the shower. Ulli smelled the tang of urine right away: Alvin had been bursting, and the knowledge made Ulli's stomach squirm pleasantly. From the sounds in the shower, Alvin was aiming for the drain. Ulli could smell that Alvin was sexually pent up too, and wondered if he'd finally take care of it tonight. It was probably because he was urinating and that made everything about him easier to smell, but the hint of arousal seemed to get stronger the longer he stood in the shower.

"How are you feeling, Alvin?" Ulli asked, sitting on the toilet. He let go and the world made a little more sense.

"Better," said Alvin shyly. "How's your arm?"

"Still sore, but that's what the pain relievers are for," said Ulli. His retracted phallus was sensitive, as it always was, and he resisted the impulse to touch it. His catlike ears flicked toward the shower, where Alvin gave a small grunt of relief. If Ulli was quick-

No. There wasn't time. Ulli pressed his thighs together and leaned forward, tinkling into the water. He touched himself minimally while he wiped, planning a late-night shower after Alvin was asleep.

Alvin rinsed the shower and opened the curtain as Ulli swallowed the pain relievers. Ulli smelled rather than saw the half-chub he was hiding and contemplated telling Alvin it was okay to masturbate, and that he'd be happy to give Alvin some privacy.

"I think I'll go to bed after we finish this crossword," said Alvin, stepping up to the sink to wash his hands. "Can we watch your movie at breakfast tomorrow?"

"Of course," Ulli replied. When they'd rented their movies, neither had bothered to look at the runtime of Rord of the Lings; the cassette contained three movies, plus an hour-long screen test and another thirty minutes of ads, which they'd inadvertently watched through when Alvin thought he'd moved on to the next movie.

Alvin hadn't been covering for himself when he'd said he was tired and fell asleep before they'd even finished the crossword. Ulli turned off the movie and switched out all the lights. His dark vision was good even for a Renoige, and he left his bed lamp on the lowest brightness setting in case Alvin woke up and needed to see. The night before he'd left the bathroom light on and the door open for Alvin to see by, and he planned to do that again after he'd finished in the shower.

Ulli took off his pajamas and sat on the dry tiled floor in the shower in only his binder. He closed his eyes, leaned against the wall, and let his hands drift downward.

Though Alvin had rinsed down the tile and drain, Ulli could still smell his urine. It was easy to pretend Alvin was there. Ulli focused on the scent; he noticed the arousal first because he was horny; Alvin was well-hydrated; long-term stress reminiscent of busy students; and something else. Ulli delicately probed the sensitive wetness with his fingers while he tried to identify it, tapping his tail in concentration. He'd smelled it in Alvin's urine before and assumed it was something he'd consumed, but it wasn't. The scent was much stronger. It was familiar, but he wasn't used to Hamans. It was kind of...

Ulli spread his legs and pushed deeper, wishing he'd thought to bring his vibrator. He thought about how it would work, packing his vibrator to another city for the Transport Department in his overnight bag, and snorted to himself. His mind provided him with a flash of Alvin's half-erect penis, and his already rapid pulse quickened and his hips tried to buck.

"He'd probably do it too, if I had the guts to ask," Ulli puffed quietly. He thought he also should've turned on the shower, but the wind and rain outside obscured his noises well enough with their dull roar. Ulli's body was already starting to tighten. He felt he almost recognized the unknown emotion he smelled in Alvin's urine, but the thought was pushed aside. He was hot all over and smelled his sweat soaking into his fur.

Normally if he needed it, Ulli would get into the shower, orgasm quickly, clean up, and get on with his day. This time was different: it was building slowly, and though he felt it boost slightly each time he thought of images that excited him, it was small and brief. Ulli knew better than to let his frustration get the better of him: he slowed, leaning back and trying to loosen his muscles and relax.

Ulli exhaled slowly and closed his eyes again. He let his mind drift, focused on his breathing, and stroked himself at a slow, steady pace.

Ulli's mind formed an image from memory: Alvin, in a full set of hotel pajamas with "The Enormous Richard" embroidered right over his crotch. It wasn't that noticeable, but Ulli knew it didn't necessarily need to be for Alvin to be self-conscious about it. Ulli's memory furnished Alvin's scent.

When Ulli had first crashed into Alvin, he'd smelled like the detergent used to clean interworld transport, stress, coffee, sweat, soap, and a pressing need to urinate amplifying the stress. In Ulli's imagination, Alvin smiled at him, whipped out his cock, and let fly with the same small moan he'd made when he'd eaten those delicious rice cakes at dinner. Ulli had just enough presence of mind to bite on the thick hem of his binder before everything became a blur.

Ulli tried to sit back against the wall, realized it wasn't behind him, and caught himself with shaking arms. He was all wet and had pulled himself halfway to the other end of the shower, so he turned and leaned on the wall opposite the curtain, panting. He didn't remember squirting, but it was all over him, the walls, and the shower curtain. More of it soaked into his binder where it touched the tile wall, and he would've sat up quickly if he had the energy.

It took Ulli a few minutes to catch his breath, and when he did he turned on the shower and washed himself sitting on the bath stool. Afterward, he thoroughly rinsed his binder in lukewarm water according to the directions on the tag, squeezed the water out, and left it on a hanger next to the hotel bathrobes to dry. He fluffed the fur on his chest and torso attempting to hide his breasts somewhat, but the hotel pajamas were so baggy it didn't make much of a difference.

Ulli left the bathroom door open with the light on, turned off his bedside lamp, and fell on the bed. His body was pleasantly warm and shaky, and the bed and pillow were gloriously soft. Sleep pulled him down like a lead weight and he gladly sank with it.

_________________________

I meant to post this on my birthday but whoops. After all that about getting the image done quickly, I'm stalled on Alvin's hoodie because I got ambitious and wanted to make "doodling dragons" make it a full design, so I can get it printed on something for a rollercoaster enthusiast friend on their birthday next month.

Another thing that stalled me was how Ulli's fur looks with the salmiak coloration. I caved and did it with the mouse using his earlier pic as a reference. Conveniently for me, his sister is an identical twin, so I'll be able to use Ulli's coloring as a direct reference if I ever draw her.

&&

*012*2025-03-15 06:44

Part 106:

Alvin stood over the games cabinet in the library with a mammoth erection sticking out of his hotel pants. He knew what was happening in the back of his mind, but he didn't want to think about it. Somewhere in the bookshelves, Alvin could hear Ulli breathing heavily. He seemed to be struggling with something.

"But this is a library," Alvin heard himself say vaguely. There was...he racked his brain and memories of past school libraries filled in the rest. He looked around to make sure no other guests were around to see his penis before he set off in Ulli's direction. "Ulli, there's no fighting in the library!"

Alvin reached the shelves where he'd heard Ulli. Instead of a curly-haired cat man, a small radio console sat on the floor in the middle of the aisle.

"He'd probably do it too," said the radio speaker. "If I had the guts to ask." Alvin blushed, and the butterflies in his stomach sped up the growing, urgent pressure. Not in the library, thought Alvin, and made for the nearest exit. He reached down to hide his erection from any guests who might still be up, but it was already in his pants, straining conspicuously against the fabric. It was only a matter of time, whether or not he wanted it.

"Not in the..." Alvin turned out of the library and into...the library. "No." Alvin's dad would be angry. If he made a mess...If he soiled his clothes. If he...if...The pressure drowned out his thoughts, which at least swept away the thoughts of his father with everything else.

Alvin ran down the nearest aisle of bookshelves and into a garden, where he suddenly faced a familiar shrouded figure.

"Hello?" Alvin fought to remember who this was. A hotel employee? What was their name again? Perditax? "C-can you tell me how to get...how to get to..." He didn't know where he needed to be. It was coming and he didn't know where he needed to be.

The figure turned around and its clothes were green instead of the shrouded white. It was the desk clerk in full priestess costume and makeup. Her mouth moved out of sync with her words: "To your room."

Alvin stood at the door to his and Ulli's shared room. There was no time to hesitate and he burst in. Ulli sat on his bed, eating a takeout box of rice cakes. He saw Alvin, smiled, and offered him an untouched takeout box. Alvin took a breath to ask Ulli why he wasn't a radio anymore, but time ran out.

Alvin jerked from horizontal to vertical in one movement and shambled groggily into the bathroom, closing the door quickly behind him. He dropped his pants almost before the latch clicked. Hot wetness soaked into and through his underwear - a lot more than usual - but he'd been quick. Alvin picked up and felt at his pants: they were only slightly damp inside the crotch.

Alvin took a slow, deep breath. His body was hot and shaky, and a thin film of sweat cooled on his skin. He pulled off his hoodie, dropped it on top of his pants, and sat heavily on the toilet in his t-shirt and underwear, finally able to catch his breath. At home, he'd have quickly wiped himself with a washcloth, scrubbed his soiled clothes with soap and water in the bathroom sink, and depending on who was or wasn't home, gone back to bed either naked or in his bathrobe. Ulli would be able to smell it, though, and the thought mortified Alvin so much that he decided to take a shower.

The tile floor was wet when Alvin stepped into the shower area. Alvin figured Ulli was an evening showerer and started the water.

Alvin woke to a knock on the door: room service dropping off breakfast. It was left on a tray next to the door, and Alvin set it carefully on the end of his bed while he folded out its stand. As Alvin set it down, Ulli sat up in bed. He blinked sleepily and smiled at Alvin, reminding Alvin strongly of the dream from the night before. Alvin gave Ulli what he hoped was a casual smile in return, knowing his face was red.

Ulli stretched and stopped abruptly, clutching his lower belly.

"You okay?" Alvin asked, lifting the tray again.

Ulli nodded and tried to yawn, but stopped and stood up carefully. "Just paying for my overly caffeinated ways," Ulli tried to yawn again. "Do you need to use the bathroom?"

Alvin did, but not badly. "You go first. I want to get a look at what we got." Both had ordered the "traditional breakfast" from the morning menu. There was no description or indication of what part of the Haman Homeworld the breakfast was "traditional" in, but it smelled good. There were covered soup bowls, a flask of coffee, a small variety of breakfast teas, and stacks of plain takeout containers, some labeled with "this side up" or "caution: hot" scrawled in marker across the top.

Ulli shuffled to the bathroom, his tail swinging stiffly while Alvin opened the containers. Alvin heard the door close when he opened the first box and found a stack of fresh crepes.

Ulli knew he wasn't retracted anymore when he woke up, but it wasn't a problem. His body was still nicely relaxed from the night before, and his phallus was soft. He whipped it out, let it hang over the lip of the sink the same way Alvin had the evening before, and let out a large amount of secondhand energy drink. The urine was clearer than he'd expected, and he remembered that Alvin had encouraged him to drink water. Ulli stopped suppressing it and yawned widely.

In the mirror, Ulli glanced at his binder. It hung next to the hotel bathrobes, looking dry. Ulli gave a cursory sniff and smelled sweat, soap, and...

"Is that..." Ulli sniffed again. He hastily finished, shook off, and turned to sniff his binder. The sweat he smelled wasn't his, and his binder was as clean as he'd left it. He noticed something hanging on the shower rod. It was Alvin's underwear. He didn't need to step closer to smell it. "Oh. It *is* cum. Good..." Ulli paused to yawn again. "...for him." The garment smelled like everything Alvin had tried to wash out, plus soap, but Ulli didn't begrudge him for it: Alvin didn't have much of a sense of smell.

With that mystery solved, Ulli washed his hands and joined Alvin for breakfast.

###

I finished the pic but I still got like five chapters until it's relevant and I'm waiting for once. I might draw Miki or something in the meantime though.

