The Bladdr App and a Road Trip

Author: alleycat89

*000*2025-05-01 16:08

The morning sun filtered through a hazy blue sky as Abby stepped off the porch with a thermos in one hand and her duffel bag slung over her shoulder. The rumble of Nate’s Subaru Outback echoed down the quiet street, pulling to a stop in front of her with a cheerful honk.

“Let’s goooo!” Sarah’s voice rang out from the passenger seat, windows already down and sunglasses firmly in place.

Abby grinned, adjusting her hoodie and trotting down the steps. “Don’t act like you’ve been waiting. I know you just got here.”

Nate leaned across the console to push open the back door. “Technically correct, but still impatient. Hop in.”

She slid into the back seat, her bag landing with a thump beside her. The car smelled like gas station coffee, mint gum, and the faintest whiff of sunscreen.

Sarah tossed a half-eaten breakfast bar over her shoulder. “Eat that. You’re cranky without food.”

“I’m cranky with food,” Abby shot back, but peeled back the wrapper anyway. “What’s the ETA?”

“Three and a half hours,” Nate said. “More if we hit construction. Less if we ignore the speed limit.”

Sarah pointed to the cooler wedged between the seats. “We’ve got snacks and electrolyte drinks. No unnecessary stops. We’re road tripping like professionals.”

Abby rolled her eyes but smiled. “You two are insane.”

The engine hummed to life, and they pulled away from the curb, windows open to the spring air.

Three friends.

One long drive.

And, for now, no reason at all to worry about anything.

They’d been driving for nearly an hour when the last vestiges of civilization disappeared in the rearview mirror. The road narrowed to a two-lane ribbon cutting through dense pine forest, telephone poles tilting at odd angles like they’d grown bored of standing upright.

Abby leaned against the window, watching mile after mile of rural emptiness slide past. Every so often, a mailbox would flicker into view—rusted, leaning, usually missing a flag—and vanish just as quickly.

“Where are we?” she asked, stretching her arms overhead.

“Technically still in Virginia,” Nate replied, adjusting his grip on the wheel. “Emotionally, somewhere between a murder podcast and a Sasquatch documentary.”

Sarah was scrolling through her phone, signal bars dropping in and out like a bad magic trick. “No service. If we break down, we’re learning how to make fire by rubbing rocks together.”

“Pretty sure I can start a fire with my attitude alone,” Abby muttered, taking a sip from her thermos. It was lukewarm now, and she regretted how much of it she’d already downed. Her bladder twinged faintly—a soft warning rather than a complaint—but she ignored it. They had time. She’d pee at the next gas station.

If there was one.

“So what’s the plan when we get there?” she asked.

“Eat. Crash. Hike tomorrow if the weather holds,” Nate said. “Assuming the cabin actually exists and isn’t just some Craigslist trap.”

“It’s real,” Sarah said, without looking up. “I triple-checked. Plus the last review just said, ‘a bit remote, but peaceful.’”

“Oh good,” Abby said. “That’s the exact phrase they use in documentaries before someone goes missing.”

They all laughed. The forest thickened and Abby subtly shifted in her seat for the first time.

About fifteen minutes later, the road straightened into a long stretch of nothingness—trees on both sides, no signs, no traffic. The car’s suspension bounced gently over a dip in the pavement.

Abby uncrossed her legs, then crossed them the other way.

She waited a minute.

Then cleared her throat casually. “Hey… how long until the next rest stop?”

Nate glanced at the dash. “Uh… good question.”

Sarah tilted her phone and frowned. “Still no service. The map app’s stuck. I think we’re off-grid.”

“Seriously?” Abby asked, trying to sound more annoyed than concerned.

“Don’t worry, I’ve got the route downloaded,” Nate said. He tapped a few buttons on the GPS unit clipped to the dash. A line blinked across the screen, tracing their path through an endless sea of green. “Looks like the next actual town is… about an hour out.”

Abby blinked. “An hour?”

“Give or take. There might be a gas station along the way,” Nate added, like someone offering vague hope during a hostage negotiation.

Sarah turned in her seat, eyeing her. “You good?”

“Yeah,” Abby said too quickly. Then forced a smile. “Just… you know. Coffee.”

“Classic rookie mistake,” Nate said, shaking his head. “You don’t chug caffeine when you know you’re headed into the wild unknown.”

“I didn’t chug,” Abby muttered, staring out the window. “I sipped with enthusiasm.”

She pressed her knees together, just slightly.

It wasn’t bad yet. She wasn’t panicking. But the realization that there was nothing around—not even a gas station sign or an abandoned barn—made her bladder feel fuller than it had just a minute ago.

She didn’t say anything else.

For now.

Forty-five minutes later, the scenery had changed only slightly: fewer trees, more open fields, and still no signs of life. Abby had stopped pretending to enjoy the view. Her legs were crossed tightly now, one foot bouncing in time with the music playing softly from the speakers.

“We’ve got to be close to that town by now, right?” she asked, keeping her tone light.

Nate didn’t answer immediately.

Then the car slowed.

Then it stopped.

“What’s going on?” Sarah asked, sitting up straighter.

Ahead, a long line of brake lights flickered to life—two lanes of cars stretching out across the flat countryside like a mechanical centipede. Way up front, Abby could see the flashing lights of a construction truck and a flagger’s vest glowing orange in the sunlight.

“Construction?” she guessed, already knowing the answer.

“Looks like one-lane traffic,” Nate muttered. He tapped the steering wheel, then shifted into park. “Perfect timing.”

Sarah groaned. “We were so close.”

Abby clenched her jaw.

Her bladder was now making itself known with persistent pulses. Not urgent yet, not desperate—but aware. And increasingly unhappy.

She tried not to squirm but adjusted her position anyway, leaning forward slightly as if that would magically ease the pressure. The waistband of her jeans had started to feel less like a fashion choice and more like a medieval punishment device.

Nate reached back and opened a bottle of water from the cooler, offering it toward her.

Abby raised a hand quickly. “Nope. Absolutely not.”

He grinned. “Suit yourself.”

Sarah cracked the window and sighed. “Welcome to nowhere. Population: us. And a flag guy with a god complex.”

Abby smiled weakly but shifted again.

This was… not ideal.

The sun had climbed higher, its rays cutting through the windshield in thick golden stripes. Inside the Subaru, the air conditioner hummed quietly, keeping things cool enough that no one had complained — yet.

Abby pulled at the hem of her black tank top, fanning it slightly. The cotton clung more than she liked. Over it, she had on a gray zip-up hoodie, now pushed up to her elbows. Her jeans, tight and high-waisted, had seemed like a good idea this morning. Now, they were starting to feel like an iron band around her midsection. She’d slipped off her sneakers earlier, tucking her legs beneath her on the seat to get comfortable.

Sarah, ever the road trip fashion icon, wore bright pink bike shorts and an oversized tie-dye t-shirt that read “Camp Chaos '08.” Her socks were mismatched on purpose — one neon yellow, one purple with tiny avocados. Her hair was up in a messy bun held together by a pencil.

Nate was in his usual uniform: cargo shorts, a faded navy T-shirt with the logo of some brewery he'd dragged them to last fall, and a baseball cap worn backwards. Sunglasses hung from the collar of his shirt, glinting whenever the sun shifted.

The car sat idling. Time crawled.

Then, the radio crackled—barely audible over the low music.

“…update for drivers on Route 120 near Deadman’s Hollow construction zone… serious multi-vehicle accident reported in the active work area. Traffic expected to be delayed an estimated ninety minutes or more while emergency crews respond…”

Nate reached forward and turned the volume up.

Abby stopped breathing for a beat.

Sarah let out a low whistle. “Deadman’s Hollow? Seriously?”

“Guess we’re gonna be here a while,” Nate muttered.

Abby crossed her legs tighter.

Silence settled in the car after the radio update, broken only by the rhythmic click of Nate’s thumb against the steering wheel.

Sarah was the first to say it.

“Well, crap,” she muttered. “I kinda need to pee.”

Abby gave a strained laugh. “Welcome to the club.”

Sarah turned, eyebrows raised. “You too?”

“I’ve needed to go for, like… thirty minutes,” Abby admitted, shifting again. “Was hoping we’d hit that town before it got serious.”

Sarah groaned and sank lower in her seat, pulling her legs up and crossing them. “Okay, but I wasn’t planning on a ninety-minute standoff with a flag guy in the middle of nowhere.”

“I told you we should’ve stopped at that weird antique-slash-fireworks-slash-chili-dogs shack,” Nate said, clearly amused.

“Yeah, well,” Abby muttered, “I wasn’t desperate yet and that place looked shady.”

She was closer now. Not quite squirming, but the pressure had built to the point where she couldn’t ignore it. The full thermos of coffee she’d finished before even getting in the car had definitely come back to haunt her. Every bump of the seat cushion beneath her felt sharper, more intrusive.

Sarah was doing worse. She’d started rocking gently in place, both hands pressed between her thighs, biting the edge of her nail. “Okay but seriously… if I don’t pee in the next twenty minutes, I’m gonna have to make poor life choices.”

Abby laughed again, tightly. “Like what? Peeing in a chip bag?”

“Don’t tempt me.”

Outside, the line of cars ahead hadn’t moved an inch.

Nate leaned back, shaking his head. “There is zero shoulder. We’re boxed in.”

Abby shifted again, biting the inside of her cheek. The pressure had plateaued into a constant, low throb—a pulsing awareness of every drop she hadn’t released. She scrolled absently through her phone, hoping to distract herself, when a memory clicked into place.

“Wait a sec…” she mumbled.

Sarah looked over, still folded up like a pretzel. “What?”

“There was this thing I saw online a few weeks ago. Some kind of app… Bladdr, I think?”

“Bladder with no vowels?” Nate asked, glancing back. “Nice branding.”

“Yeah,” Abby muttered, already searching. “It’s supposed to, like… mute the feeling. Not the actual bladder, but the nerves. It shuts off the sensation of needing to pee for a while.”

Sarah sat up straighter. “That’s a real thing?”

“Apparently.” Abby managed to find a bar of cell service and searched for the app—Bladdr: Desperation Delay™—and tapped “Install.” The description was wild: Using proprietary Body Immersion Technology, Bladdr syncs with your neural inputs to temporarily suppress bladder urgency signals. Up to 90 minutes of uninterrupted relief. Use only once per 24-hour cycle. Side effects may include overconfidence.

She snorted. “Of course it has side effects.”

Nate raised an eyebrow. “You sure you want to mess with something that rewires your nerves?”

“It’s FDA approved,” Abby quipped.

The install completed. She hit Activate.

A pulsing ripple of cool sensation spread through her abdomen—tingly, strange, but not unpleasant. Within seconds, the constant pressure was gone.

Her eyes widened. “Oh my! It works.”

Sarah leaned forward, instantly alert. “No way. Seriously?”

“I don’t feel a thing.”

“I need that. Right now.” Sarah grabbed her phone and started searching.

A few seconds passed.

“…Ugh! Mine says it’s not compatible. Something about missing Body Immersion hardware.”

Abby smirked. “Guess that ancient phone isn’t just a personality quirk anymore.”

Sarah groaned. “Unfair. Deeply unfair.”

Just as Sarah was muttering darkly about throwing her phone into a field, the radio crackled again—static giving way to the clipped, too-cheerful tone of the local traffic announcer.

“…update for drivers stuck on Route 120 near Deadman’s Hollow: VDOT reports that emergency crews are still in the process of clearing debris and reconstructing the damaged road surface. No injuries reported, but extensive vehicle damage and fluid spills have forced a full closure of both lanes. Current estimate for reopening: at least another hour.”

A groan echoed through the car.

“You have got to be kidding me,” Sarah said, her voice half-squeak, half-snarl. She shifted again, now fully turned sideways in her seat with her knees up. “I’m going to explode. My bladder is full.”

Abby glanced over, immediately grateful for the numbing chill that still lingered in her lower belly. The Bladdr app’s timer on her phone ticked down with clinical precision: 01:08:44 remaining.

“I would give a kidney to not feel this right now,” Sarah muttered, bouncing slightly. “Which is ironic, since it’s my kidneys doing this to me.”

“You sure you don’t want to just…” Nate tilted his head toward the trees outside.

Sarah squinted at the ditch beside the road. “That’s not even a shoulder. It’s a poison ivy graveyard with ticks and judgment.”

Nate held up his hands. “Just offering options.”

Abby stayed quiet, glancing between the timer and Sarah.

She felt fine—totally fine. That strange absence of urgency was borderline euphoric.

But she knew better than to get smug. The timer was ticking.

And once it ended, everything she wasn’t feeling now would come back all at once.

Sarah wasn’t just uncomfortable anymore—she was spiraling.

She’d twisted her legs beneath her, body curled tight like a human ampersand, her face scrunched in open misery. One hand gripped the seatbelt while the other pressed down firmly into her lap.

“Okay. Okay. This is bad,” she said, more to herself than anyone else. “This is officially DEFCON One bladder status. I am at full internal tsunami.”

Abby tried to offer sympathy, though it felt like a strange betrayal. “There’s gotta be somewhere we can go.”

Sarah laughed—a short, pained bark. “What, out the window? There’s no shoulder, no bushes, and a mile of cars behind us. I’d have to sprint across a field like a deranged deer and pray no one films it.”

She rocked forward again, then back, her hands never leaving their spot between her thighs. Her breathing had gone shallow, focused.

“I’m not kidding,” she whispered, teeth clenched. “I’m close. Like… really close. I can’t even think straight.”

Nate looked vaguely alarmed now. “Seriously, are you okay? Like, are you going to make it?”

“No, Nate,” she hissed. “I’m not okay.”

Abby checked the app again. 57:33 remaining.

Her own body was still mercifully quiet, but watching Sarah brought a guilty tension creeping up her spine. If Bladdr worked as advertised it would all hit her like a tidal wave when the timer hit zero—she’d be the one squirming next.

Sarah groaned, bent forward double now, face pressed into her knees. “If anyone has a cup, a funnel, or a dimensional portal, now’s the time.”

The line of cars ahead still hadn’t moved.

And Sarah was running out of time.

Sarah was breathing through her nose like she was in labor. Tiny, rapid inhales. She rocked back and forth in her seat, arms locked in a vice grip around her waist.

Abby’s eyes flicked to her, then away. There was only so much you could do when your best friend was on the verge of publicly unraveling.

“I—” Sarah started, then stopped.

She went completely still.

For one long second, the car was silent.

Then Sarah made a noise like a strangled whimper. Her hands flew down between her legs again, and she doubled over. Sarah pressed her fingers deeply between her labia.

“No, no, no no no—” she hissed.

“What happened?” Nate asked, alarmed, twisting around in his seat.

“I leaked,” Sarah snapped, voice high and cracking. “Just a little. Just for a second. But it happened.”

She sat frozen, visibly concentrating with every ounce of her energy. Her knuckles had gone white. Her entire body was a sculpture of tension. She was shaking as her bladder tried to void its entire contents through her pink shorts -- shorts which now clung tightly to her womanhood. The outline of her labia was clear and a dark wet patch was visible.

Abby’s mouth went dry. Despite the numb comfort from the Bladdr app still running in her pocket, she could feel a phantom sympathy pang deep in her own abdomen.

Sarah exhaled shakily. “Okay. Crisis… partially managed. But I swear, I’m one pothole away from turning this seat into a cautionary tale.”

Nate reached back, slowly and without a word, and handed her a hoodie from the floor of the back seat.

Sarah clutched it like a life raft. “Thanks,” she mumbled.

Abby didn’t know what to say.

She glanced down.

47:02 remaining.

A line of brake lights still stretched out ahead of them, motionless.

For a while, no one said anything.

Sarah sat perfectly still, hoodie in her lap, breathing slow and deliberate like she was defusing a bomb inside her own body. Abby kept glancing between her friend and the Bladdr countdown on her phone: 42:19. She still felt nothing. No urgency. No pressure. Just... space. Blessed, numb space.

Then Nate, who had been tapping at his phone for the last minute, suddenly said, “Wait—what if I downloaded the app and used it on Sarah?”

Sarah looked up, confused. “Used it… on me?”

Abby blinked. “Can you even do that?”

“I don’t know,” Nate admitted. “It’s a neural feedback app, right? It says it syncs with the user’s biometric signature. But like—what defines the user? The phone’s biometric sensors? Proximity? Maybe it just connects to the nearest person?”

He turned his screen so they could see: he’d already found Bladdr in the app store, finger hovering over “Download.”

“I mean, what if I install it and have Sarah hold my phone?” he asked. “Would the app think she’s me?”

Sarah looked both hopeful and horrified. “I’m willing to try anything. If this thing gives me ninety minutes of not feeling like I’m drowning in myself, I will marry your phone.”

Abby frowned. “But how does it know which body to bind to? Mine gave me a little biometric scan when I first installed it—used the camera, flashlight, even made me press the screen.”

Nate shrugged. “Maybe that’s the ‘binding’ step.”

Sarah was already reaching for his phone. “Let’s just try. Worst case, nothing happens. Best case, I stop leaking and contemplating my bladder’s structural limits.”

Nate handed it over.

The screen lit up.

And Bladdr began to initialize.

Sarah held Nate’s phone in shaking hands as Bladdr loaded, the animated blue droplet spinning in a cheerful circle. A soft chime played, followed by: “Welcome! Preparing neural calibration…”

“Hurry up, hurry up, please,” she whispered, her voice nearly breaking.

Then she gasped.

A sharp, involuntary inhale.

Her knees clamped together so fast it made a dull thump against the center console. Her fingers darted to her crotch, pressing firmly on her lips to try to form a seal. She felt new wetness seeping out.

“Not again,” she groaned.

Abby turned, heart sinking. “Did you—?”

Sarah nodded, mortified, not meeting her eyes. “A little more. It just… slipped. I couldn’t stop it.”

Abby glanced down and saw the darkened patch—small but unmistakable—on the bright pink fabric of Sarah’s bike shorts, just beneath where her hands were pressed tightly in her lap. The wetness had spread maybe two inches, a visible reminder that her friend’s control was slipping away with each passing minute.

Sarah’s face had gone red, jaw tight with the effort of holding on.

“Oh my word,” she whispered. “If this app doesn’t work, I’m going to lose it. Literally.”

The phone vibrated in her hands.

“Place your thumb on the screen to complete biometric binding,” the voice instructed.

She did.

A warm yellow glow spread across the screen, and then—

“Error: biometric mismatch. Device must belong to the intended user.”

Sarah stared at it.

“No. No!”

She tapped again. The same message appeared. Abby leaned over to look.

“It’s tied to the phone’s registered user,” she said quietly. “It only works for the person it scans during install.”

Sarah didn’t speak.

She just let her head fall back against the headrest, eyes shut tight, legs twisted together like rope.

And the line of traffic still hadn’t moved.

Sarah was past embarrassment now.

Her body trembled with tension, every muscle in her lower half locked tight in a frantic attempt to keep control. She’d pulled her legs up onto the seat, thighs pressed together so hard her knees shook. One hand was balled into a fist at her side, but the other remained firmly wedged between her legs, fingers curled tightly over the damp spot that had grown on her pink shorts.

“I can’t,” she whispered, her voice cracking. “I don’t know how much longer I can keep it in.”

Abby watched helplessly. Even with Bladdr working its numb magic in her own body, she could almost feel Sarah’s discomfort by proxy—the sharp waves of pressure, the unbearable fullness that wouldn’t go away, and the sting of being right on the edge of losing control.

Sarah rocked slightly, her breath coming in short bursts. Her hand moved subtly, pressing and shifting, as if there might be some magical angle, some desperate pressure point that would buy her another minute. Another second.

“It’s right there,” she breathed. “It’s right there. I’m barely holding it back.”

Abby checked her phone again. 33:11 remaining.

She looked up at the traffic line. Nothing. Still.

A faint shimmer of heat rose from the pavement ahead, but not even a tire turned.

Nate said nothing now, his eyes locked forward, trying to give Sarah space but visibly rattled.

Sarah groaned, burying her face in her hoodie. “I’m gonna wet myself in your car,” she muttered into the fabric. “I’m not even joking anymore. It’s coming.”

And still, the road refused to move.

Sarah flung off her seatbelt with the speed of someone escaping a burning building.

“I can’t—I have to go,” she gasped, already reaching for the door handle. “I’ll squat behind the car. I don’t care anymore.”

Nate turned, alarmed. “What? Sarah, there’s nowhere—”

“I know,” she snapped. “But I’m out of options. I’m already leaking! I’d rather be caught peeing in a ditch than soak your back seat!”

She cracked the door open, hoodie clutched in one hand, ready to cover herself or dry off—she wasn’t even sure which anymore. Her legs trembled as she swung one foot onto the gravel. The sun hit her full in the face, but she didn’t care.

She was two seconds away from full surrender.

Then came the sound.

A honk. Distant at first, then another, closer.

The flagger up ahead raised his hand.

A wave of brake lights turned off.

The line of cars began to crawl forward.

“Are you kidding me?” Sarah shouted, half in disbelief, half in despair.

Nate looked back. “We’re moving. We’re actually moving.”

Sarah froze, one foot outside the car, the other still on the floor mat. Her eyes widened in horror as reality caught up with her.

She had no choice.

With a strangled groan, she climbed back into the seat, yanking the door closed behind her. “Go, just go, before I change my mind and ruin your wheel well.”

Nate hit the gas.

The Subaru lurched forward.

Sarah slammed her thighs together and hunched over, trembling, her face buried in her hands.

Abby’s phone vibrated gently in her pocket.

Bladdr: 28:47 remaining.

And Sarah whispered, “I don’t know if I’m gonna make it…”

The car inched forward with excruciating slowness, weaving around orange cones and flashing construction lights as workers with clipboards and hardhats motioned vehicles through the single open lane.

Sarah was squirming nonstop now.

Her pink biker shorts, once bright and cheerful, were clinging tighter with every shift and squeeze of her legs. The fabric pulled into creases around her hips and pussy, molded by tension and movement. She couldn’t sit still—every few seconds she’d reposition herself: knees up, knees down, feet braced on the floor, twisted sideways like she might somehow escape her own bladder.

“How much longer?” she pleaded, voice shaking. “Nate, how long until we stop somewhere?”

Nate glanced at the GPS, his eyes flicking between the screen and the narrowing lane ahead.

“Uh… it looks like the next actual town is about twenty-five minutes.”

Sarah let out a whimper. “Twenty-five? Minutes?”

“It’s a small town, but it should have a gas station,” Nate offered, as if that might ease the panic settling in her expression.

“I can’t wait twenty-five minutes,” she whispered, wrapping her arms around herself. “I might have five. That’s it.”

Abby glanced down at her phone again. Bladdr: 25:12 remaining.

The timing was too perfect. Too cruel.

Sarah leaned forward, resting her forehead against the back of Nate’s seat, bouncing slightly in place. “I swear, if there isn’t a bathroom at the first building we hit, I’m going full animal. I’ll pee in a bush and I won’t even apologize.”

Nate didn’t respond. He just drove.

The trees began to thin out.

And Sarah, still clenching, still breathing like she was in a marathon, closed her eyes and whispered, “Please hold… please hold… please hold…”

A quiet moment passed.

Then Sarah jolted upright.

Her breath hitched. She grimaced and moaned “Gaaaahhhhhhhhnnnnn”

Abby turned instantly. “What? What happened?”

Sarah didn’t answer right away. Her hands were clamped tight between her legs, her eyes wide and filled with disbelief. She stayed frozen for a second, then gave a small, broken shake of her head. Sarah felt the hot spray of urine hit her hands through her pink shorts as she tried to press against her urethra.

“I… I leaked again,” she whispered. “More this time.”

Her voice was fragile, like she didn’t trust it to stay steady.

Abby didn’t know what to say. She glanced down, and though Sarah’s hands were covering most of the evidence, she could still make out the new, darker patch stretching slightly beyond the original. It wasn’t huge—yet—but it was undeniable. There was no longer any pretending she had things under control.

Sarah leaned forward, both hands gripping the seat now, her knuckles pale. “I can feel it… I’m right there. My body is done. I’m fighting it every second, but it’s like it doesn’t care anymore.” Sarah's pants had a spot that was now dark and growing. The outline of her labia accentuated by the wet material as it clung firmly to her crotch.

Nate risked a glance back. His eyes softened. “We’re almost out of the construction. After that, we’ll go as fast as we can. Promise.”

Sarah didn’t respond. She just bit her lip hard and squeezed her eyes shut.

Outside the window, the trees were breaking into open fields, and in the distance, the faintest cluster of buildings began to appear.

Hope, maybe.

Abby’s phone buzzed.

Bladdr: 21:34 remaining.

She looked out at the horizon.

If the app failed… she might be next.

A soft ding echoed from Abby’s pocket.

She pulled her phone out to check the Bladdr timer and froze.

5% battery remaining.

Her stomach sank.

She stared at the screen, willing it to be a mistake, but there it was—plain as day. The battery icon glared at her, crimson and accusing. The Bladdr timer ticked down beneath it: 20:11 remaining.

“Nate,” she said quietly, “do we have a charging cable back here?”

“Glove box,” he replied without turning around. “Why?”

“No reason,” she lied, already fumbling with the latch.

Her hands trembled slightly as she yanked open the glove box and rummaged through napkins, gas receipts, and a half-melted granola bar. No cable.

“Nate,” she said again, firmer now, “seriously. Where’s the charger?”

“Middle console, maybe?”

Abby lunged for it just as Sarah gasped beside her.

Not a word this time.

Just a sudden, audible hiss—short but unmistakable. Abby's eyes darted to Sarah's crotch just in time to see it expand for a moment and glisten as the next hard wave of urine escaped her bladder.

Sarah clapped both hands back between her legs, her body curling forward as if trying to squeeze the flow back in by sheer force of will.

“Mmmmmmmmmggggggg,” she whimpered. “That was… that was a lot.”

Abby’s head snapped up. Sarah’s pink biker shorts were now visibly darker across the seat and down one thigh. Not soaked, not yet, but it was clear the dam had cracked wide open.

“I’m losing it,” Sarah whispered. “I can’t stop it. I can’t stop it—I’m peeing.”

Abby grabbed the charger and stabbed it into the car’s USB port, slamming her phone onto the cord with a silent prayer.

Charging...

4%.

Outside the windshield, a small green sign appeared on the horizon.

It read: Rest Area – 2 Miles.

The green sign might as well have been a beacon from heaven.

REST AREA – 2 MILES

Abby leaned forward, pointing. “There! Sarah—look! We’re close!”

Sarah blinked hard, her cheeks flushed and eyes glassy. She didn’t say anything, just nodded with a breathless, shaky sort of hope. Her entire body was still clamped tight, and the wetness had spread further down her thigh, a dark streak clearly visible on the now-clinging fabric.

Nate put on his turn signal, speeding up as much as the winding road would allow. “Hold on—almost there.”

As they rounded the final bend, the rest area came into view.

It wasn’t a building. It was a gravel lot.

A couple faded picnic tables sat crooked under a patch of trees. A dumpster leaned tiredly at the edge of the lot. A faded map of the county was pinned to a warped wooden sign.

But no building.

No restroom.

No hope.

Abby’s stomach dropped. “No bathrooms?”

Nate’s voice was hollow. “It’s just a picnic area.”

For one second, there was silence.

Then Sarah unbuckled her seatbelt with a sound that felt like a gunshot.

“I don’t care,” she said, her voice low and final. “I don’t care.”

She was already reaching for the door.

“Sarah—” Abby started.

But she was already out, hoodie clutched in one hand, legs trembling, eyes wild with single-minded focus.

Abby watched as Sarah half-ran, half-limped toward the edge of the lot, behind a clump of overgrown bushes. She dropped the hoodie and practically dove into cover, no longer worried about modesty, dignity, or anything else but survival.

Behind them, Abby’s phone buzzed again.

Bladdr: 18:02

Battery: 3%

She gripped it tighter.

Still ticking.

Abby glanced down at her phone as Sarah disappeared into the underbrush, the rustle of leaves and a soft, choked sob the only signs of her behind the bushes.

Bladdr: 17:48

Battery: 3%

She blinked.

Wait.

Still 3%?

Her eyes narrowed.

She tapped the screen—no charging icon.

She yanked the cable free and plugged it in again.

Still nothing.

“Are you kidding me?” she muttered, twisting the cord. “Come on…”

She pulled the plug from the console and shoved it back in, harder this time.

Nothing.

Nate looked over, brow furrowed. “Something wrong?”

“It’s not charging,” she snapped. “The port’s loose or something—it keeps connecting and disconnecting.”

She jiggled the wire again. A flash of the battery symbol flickered on, then vanished.

Bladdr: 17:19

Battery: 2%

A pit opened in her stomach.

If the phone died before the app’s timer hit zero, what would happen?

Would the suppression just stop?

Would all that delayed urgency flood back in at once?

She had no idea.

The Bladdr terms and conditions had been long and written in the kind of language that made people scroll and tap “Accept” without thinking. She hadn’t read them. Of course she hadn’t read them.

Her thumb hovered over the battery percentage, as if staring at it would slow it down.

Behind the car, a muffled moan and the unmistakable sound of water hitting dirt echoed faintly through the air.

Sarah had lost.

Completely.

And Abby, for the first time, felt a ripple of dread pierce through her numbness.

Because when Bladdr shut off…

She wouldn’t be far behind.

Sarah didn’t make it more than a few feet into the brush before it started.

It wasn’t dramatic. It didn’t explode out of her in a flood. It started with a warmth—an unbearable trickle between her labia she couldn’t stop—followed by a second that came stronger. By the time she was crouching behind the bushes, yanking her hoodie out of the way and trembling with effort, it had become a full release.

Hot. Rushing. Humiliating. But slightly tantalizing.

Her muscles gave up before she even finished getting into position.

A sharp gasp escaped her lips as she felt it spread—down her thighs, into her socks, warm and unrelenting. It was more relief than she’d ever thought possible, but tangled with something else—shame. Exhaustion. A touch of disbelief.

Her body shuddered, knees buckling slightly as she gave up the last shred of resistance.

I’m peeing myself, she thought numbly. I’m really peeing myself.

Not a little leak.

Not a panicked squirt.

This was it.

All of it.

The hot liquid hissed against her soaked shorts, dribbling onto the grass and her shoes, pooling slightly on the uneven ground beneath her. Her hands covered her face, and for a moment she didn’t care who could hear, or what she looked like. The hot, heavy stream of urine hitting her pants splashed back onto her clit, oddly turning her on a bit.

She’d fought so hard.

Held on so long.

And now?

Done.

But with the loss came an unexpected wave of relief and intestacy so deep it nearly made her dizzy. Her breath caught in her throat, then came out as a half-laugh, half-sob.

She wasn’t proud. But she was empty.

Finally, blissfully, empty.

She knelt there, head hanging low, and whispered to herself:

“Never drinking iced coffee before a road trip again.”

She stayed crouched for a moment longer, heart still racing even though the battle was over.

Her shorts clung to her like wet rags—heavy, sticky, cold now that the adrenaline had begun to fade. The saturated fabric was a miserable reminder of just how far things had gone. Her thighs glistened faintly in the dappled sunlight filtering through the trees, streaked with the evidence of everything she’d tried so hard to avoid.

She exhaled shakily and stood, wincing as her clothes clung to her with a squelch.

“Nope,” she muttered, stripping them off before she could second-guess herself.

The biker shorts peeled down slowly, reluctant in their dampness. Thankfully she had chosen not to wear underwear today. She wrung out the waistband with a grimace before tossing them onto the ground beside her shoes.

She grabbed the hoodie—the one Nate had tossed back earlier, now her emergency lifeline—and wrapped it around her waist, cinching the arms tight in front like a towel. She turned it sideways so that most of her dignity was maintained.

It wasn’t perfect.

It didn’t hide everything.

But it was enough.

Enough to get her back to the car with what little dignity she had left.

She stood there for a beat longer, legs bare, shoes wet, wind blowing on her most intimate parts through the sweatshirt, heart slowly coming back down from the edge of panic.

It was over.

The worst had happened.

And somehow… she was still breathing.

Still standing.

Still Sarah.

She scooped up the wet clothes in one hand, held the hoodie closed with the other, and took a deep breath.

Then, she stepped back toward the car—head high, or at least higher than it had been five minutes ago.

Abby stared at her phone like it had personally betrayed her.

Bladdr: 16:03

Battery: 2%

The charging icon blinked in and out like a dying star, taunting her. She jiggled the cable again, pressed it in harder, even tried turning the plug upside down — anything to coax a steady charge.

No luck.

Every time she thought it was working, the symbol disappeared again.

She could feel it now — not her bladder, not yet, but the idea of her bladder. The mental awareness, like a door she’d locked but could still hear scratching behind it.

And if that battery hit zero before the app ran its course?

Would she get a warning?

Would there be a crash, a glitch, a sudden flood of every suppressed signal slamming her nervous system like a freight train?

She didn’t want to find out.

“Please,” she whispered, voice low, thumbing open the battery settings.

She switched on Low Power Mode. Dimmed the screen. Closed every background app she could find. Turned off Bluetooth. Disconnected from Wi-Fi they didn’t even have.

Still…

1%

She hissed through her teeth, heart suddenly hammering.

Nate glanced over. “Still not charging?”

“No,” she snapped, more sharply than she meant. “The cable’s trash or the port’s loose. It keeps cutting out.”

Behind them, the car door creaked.

Sarah climbed back in silently, legs bare, the hoodie cinched tightly around her hips. She dropped into the seat without a word, cheeks flushed, holding her damp clothes in a balled-up lump.

Nobody said anything.

The silence was thick.

Abby’s eyes flicked back to her screen.

Bladdr: 15:12

Battery: 1%

The app was still running.

But time — and power — were running out.

The stillness inside the car felt suffocating.

Sarah sat quietly, her arms wrapped around her knees, staring out the window. Nate tapped his fingers absently against the steering wheel, pretending not to notice how awkward the silence had become.

But Abby was spiraling.

That tick of dread she’d been ignoring? It was growing louder now.

Her bladder didn’t feel urgent yet… but she knew it was full. Very full. And if the phone died before the timer hit zero, she’d have no control—no time to find anywhere safe. The flood would hit her all at once, like a switch flipping.

She opened the door without saying anything.

Nate blinked. “Abby?”

“I’m trying to go now,” she said, her voice tight. “Before the battery dies.”

She stepped out, crossing toward the bushes where Sarah had just been. She pulled down her jeans, yanked her underwear out of the way, and crouched low, bare and vulnerable in the cool spring air, the wind blowing softly against her pussy.

She waited.

And waited.

Nothing.

She took a deep breath, willing it to happen. Her bladder had to be full—she knew it—but the signal wasn’t there. The muscle reflex, the release… nothing came.

A minute passed.

Then another.

The chill of the air on her skin only made things worse. Her body remained completely unresponsive—calm, quiet, muted.

She looked at her phone again.

Bladdr: 13:49

Still active.

Still blocking everything.

She clenched her jaw and let out a frustrated breath.

She wanted to pee.

She needed to.

But she couldn’t.

Abby pulled her jeans back up with a grunt of frustration, yanking the zipper a little too hard. The waistband bit into her belly—taut and unforgiving. There was pressure now, subtle but undeniably there.

Her phone had become a countdown clock she couldn’t look away from.

Bladdr: 13:17

Battery: 1%

She climbed back into the car, slamming the door harder than she meant to. Nate and Sarah looked over but said nothing. The silence had calcified into something solid between them.

“I couldn’t go,” she muttered, eyes still on her screen.

“What?” Sarah asked, blinking.

“I tried. But the app’s still active. It’s like my body doesn’t know how.”

Nate leaned over. “Let me try something.”

He took the charging cable from her lap, flipped the connector, and inserted it gently—then nudged it upward at a very specific angle.

A soft chime echoed.

Charging icon: on.

“Don’t. Move,” Nate said flatly, holding the cable in place with one hand like it was a detonator wire.

Abby stared at the screen.

Charging…

Battery: 2%

The icon held.

The relief was instant, but fragile—like balancing on the edge of a knife. The moment that cord shifted, it’d be over.

She slowly placed the phone in her lap, adjusting her legs so it stayed tilted just right. Her hands hovered near the plug, ready to correct even the slightest wobble.

“Thirteen minutes,” she whispered.

Sarah watched her quietly. “You okay?”

Abby nodded. “I will be. If this thing holds.”

Outside the window, the road stretched on.

Inside the car, Abby sat like a statue, every muscle tense.

And her bladder—silent for now—lurking just beneath the surface.

“Okay, seriously,” Abby said, eyes still fixed on her phone. “Where’s the next place with an actual toilet? I’ve got, like… ten minutes.”

Nate’s hand was still gently holding the cord in place, wrist cramping but too afraid to let go.

Abby glanced at the screen again.

Bladdr: 10:04

Battery: 3% — Charging

She looked up. “I am not doing what Sarah did. I barely got my pants back up in time. The second this app shuts off, I’m done.”

Sarah winced in sympathy but said nothing.

Nate twisted his other hand toward the GPS and started tapping with exaggerated caution, careful not to jostle the charger.

“Okay… okay,” he muttered. “There’s a town about seven miles ahead. Looks like a gas station—Sunoco or something. Maybe a mini-mart.”

Abby’s voice cracked. “Seven miles?”

“Yeah.”

“How long?”

“If traffic stays clear? Ten minutes. Maybe eight.”

“Maybe eight?” Abby gritted her teeth. “That’s not a buffer, that’s a coin flip.”

“I’ll push it,” Nate said, already pressing down on the gas. “Hold on.”

The car surged forward. The trees were thinning fast now, fields opening up, the road finally straight and empty.

Abby stayed perfectly still in the back seat, one hand keeping the phone angled, the other braced against the door. Her jeans pressed against her stomach with every bump, and she was suddenly acutely aware of every drop her kidneys had filtered in the last two hours.

The silence broke as Sarah quietly muttered, “If they have a bathroom, I’ll go again too. Just for… emotional closure.”

No one laughed.

Abby watched the timer.

9:12

Every second ticked louder than the last.

The exit sign appeared like a promise etched in green.

EXIT 142 – Gas • Food • Lodging

Abby sat upright, still clutching her phone like a defibrillator. Her knees pressed tight together, heel bouncing in a nervous rhythm. Her bladder had begun to feel present now. Not a scream, not even a shout—just a steady, growing awareness under the surface. The kind of feeling that said, I’m here. I’m full. And the timer’s ticking.

Bladdr: 7:58

Battery: 4% — Charging

Nate took the off-ramp with a little too much speed, the car lurching as the tires caught the uneven patchwork of rural pavement.

“There it is,” he said, pointing through the windshield. “See the blue and yellow sign? That’s the gas station. Probably has a restroom.”

But ahead of them, the road narrowed to two tight lanes winding into the heart of a sleepy farm town.

And—because fate was cruel—red lights.

The first one caught them at a four-way intersection with no traffic in sight.

Nate swore under his breath.

“Why are there lights if nothing’s here?” Abby snapped.

“Small towns,” Nate muttered. “Gotta pretend they have infrastructure.”

The light turned green.

They rolled forward twenty feet—only to catch the next red.

Abby closed her eyes. “I’m going to lose my mind.”

Her bladder pulsed gently now, like someone testing a door to see if it was locked.

Bladdr: 6:12

The pressure wasn’t numb anymore—it was curious. Testing her.

Sarah leaned forward. “Want me to jump out and run in first?”

“No. If I move too much, I’ll jostle the cable. If this phone dies before I get in that bathroom, I will literally explode.”

Outside the window, the gas station grew closer.

But traffic crawled like a bad dream.

The final turn into the gas station lot felt like a miracle and a threat all at once.

The Subaru rolled to a stop in front of the dusty Sunoco storefront. The lot was cracked, the signage faded, and one of the “OPEN” letters in the window flickered weakly like it might give out entirely.

But none of that mattered.

All Abby cared about was the small, weather-beaten sign taped to the front door:

CUSTOMER RESTROOM — INSIDE

“We made it,” Nate said, throwing the car into park.

Abby didn’t move.

She was sitting absolutely still, her phone held in the exact position that kept the faulty charger working. One bad angle, and it was game over.

Bladdr: 4:38

Battery: 6% — Charging

“Okay,” she breathed, “listen. I cannot go yet. Even trying will do nothing until that timer hits zero.”

Sarah looked back, wide-eyed. “Wait—you can’t pee?”

“Not at all,” Abby said through gritted teeth. “It’s like the nerve is cut. I tried back at the rest area. I squatted and waited. Nothing. I need to wait this out… and then be on the toilet the exact second it ends. Or it’s coming out—everywhere.”

Sarah winced.

Nate looked toward the door. “I can go in, check the layout, and make sure no one’s using it.”

Abby nodded. “Yes. Good. Stall? Urinal? I don’t care. If it’s got plumbing, it’s mine.”

Nate dashed out of the car.

Abby stayed frozen.

Her bladder wasn’t just present now—it was pressing, like it sensed the barrier between itself and freedom was thinning. Every second that ticked down made her body more aware of its full, liquid burden.

3:54

A drop of sweat rolled down her temple.

She clenched.

And waited.

The bell above the gas station door jingled sharply as Abby stepped inside, clutching her phone with both hands like it might disintegrate if she blinked.

Bladdr: 3:11

Battery: 6% — Charging

Nate met her at the coffee station near the back, eyes apologetic. “There’s a line.”

Abby’s stomach dropped.

“What?”

He tilted his head toward the far wall. “One single-occupant restroom. Two people ahead of you.”

Abby’s eyes followed his nod—and sure enough, a man in work boots and high-vis coveralls stood outside a cracked door marked RESTROOM. Behind him, a teenage girl in a denim skirt scrolled her phone, chewing gum like it owed her money.

Abby swallowed hard and stepped into line behind the girl, every muscle in her body now pulsing with effort. Her bladder wasn’t politely waiting anymore—it was pressing outward, demanding release like a fire alarm behind a sealed door.

2:54

She tried not to imagine what would happen if the guy took too long.

Or worse, if the girl did.

The man ahead shifted his weight.

A flush sounded faintly behind the door.

Please, Abby thought. Please just be fast.

She squeezed her thighs together tighter, barely breathing, her entire world reduced to one flickering charging icon and the ache in her lower abdomen.

The restroom door creaked open.

The man walked out, nodding at no one in particular.

The teenage girl stepped forward without urgency, still chewing her gum, still scrolling her phone like time didn’t exist.

2:31

Abby’s legs shook.

She was one person away.

And nowhere near safe.

The teenage girl disappeared into the restroom and shut the door behind her with a soft click that sounded like a gunshot in Abby’s ears.

Abby inched closer, the single pace feeling like a marathon. She stood in front of the door now—next. But not yet.

Bladdr: 2:02

Battery: 6% — Charging

She couldn’t pee. Not yet. Not until the timer hit zero.

But her body didn’t care about app mechanics or neural signal suppression. Her bladder throbbed like a living thing, the pressure mounting by the second. She could feel it pushing outward, expanding against her waistband, sending pulses of discomfort through her hips and thighs like aftershocks.

Abby gritted her teeth, her breathing shallow and uneven.

From inside the restroom: silence.

Not the sound of flushing. Not the sound of handwashing.

Just silence.

“What is she doing in there?” Abby hissed under her breath.

Sarah, now hovering nearby, whispered, “Probably just texting. Or filming a TikTok about how much she doesn’t have to pee.”

“Great,” Abby muttered, shifting her weight carefully. “Meanwhile I’m standing here with a literal dam inside me.”

She glanced down again.

1:31

She was trembling now—not from nerves, but from effort. The effort to keep every muscle locked down, to hold back the flood she knew was sitting just millimeters from escaping.

Every second that passed brought it closer to the surface.

1:14

She swore she could feel her bladder’s rhythm syncing with the countdown. A slow, horrible march to the inevitable.

And then—the toilet flushed.

The sink came on.

0:59

Her legs nearly gave out from relief.

But she wasn’t safe yet.

Not until that door opened.

And not until the app let go.

The sink turned off.

She heard the paper towel dispenser crank once… slowly.

0:47

The restroom door stayed shut.

Abby shifted her foot ever so slightly and felt the cable wiggle. The charging icon disappeared for a second—her heart nearly stopped—then blinked back on.

Battery: 5%

Bladdr: 0:43

The pain was sharp now. Focused. It was no longer a distant pressure—it was imminent. Her bladder burned like a balloon pressed against a wall of nails. Her entire body buzzed with the ache of restraint.

She clenched everything.

Hips. Core. Legs. Soul.

The door clicked.

It opened.

The girl stepped out slowly, still looking at her phone, oblivious to the fact that Abby was vibrating with silent desperation on the other side.

Abby gave her a strained smile that was more of a baring of teeth and rushed inside, careful not to dislodge the charging cable.

The door closed behind her.

She turned the lock.

0:31

Her hands fumbled with the button on her jeans. The denim was stiff with tension, her fingers uncooperative. She nearly screamed.

“Come on—”

The button gave.

The zipper came down.

She yanked everything down in one frantic motion and spun toward the toilet.

0:19

She hovered above the seat, fully exposed, trembling from the pressure, from the fear, from the knowledge that one false move—one second too early—meant she would sit here, naked, and still not be able to go.

0:10

Her whole body clenched.

Muscles shaking.

Thighs twitching.

Breath ragged.

And there, still resting on her lap as she hovered over salvation:

Bladdr: 0:03… 0:02… 0:01…

0:00

“Desperation Delay ended. Welcome back.”

Her body answered instantly.

The moment the app let go, so did she.

Her body responded before her brain even registered it. One second she was clenched, trembling, on the edge of disaster—and the next, relief came like a breaking storm.

She gasped—loud, uncontrolled—as the flood burst free.

The stream shot out from between the lips of her pussy, hitt the bowl with a force that echoed in the small restroom, loud and startling and glorious. Her shoulders slumped. Her entire body went weak, like someone had cut a string that had been holding her upright.

“Oh my word,” she whispered, eyes fluttering shut.

It just kept going.

Second after second, the pressure drained away. The burning subsided. The pain eased. It was like her whole body exhaled in one long, liquid sigh. She felt an almost orgasmic relief.

The phone slipped off her thigh and landed gently on her bunched-up jeans with a soft buzz.

Battery: 4%

Bladdr session complete.

Abby felt empty. Light. Free.

She sat there a little longer, letting the last shivers of effort fade from her muscles, then finally reached for the toilet paper and wiped.

By the time she stepped out of the restroom, jeans back on, her hands still trembled—but for a different reason.

Sarah looked up from the snack aisle, eyes wide.

Abby just gave her a small nod.

“I made it,” she said.

Sarah smiled.

“Barely.”

They walked out into the spring sunlight, two warriors who had faced the full wrath of nature and tech—and lived to tell the tale.

Nate handed her a Gatorade from the cooler.

“Next road trip,” he said, “we stop whenever someone thinks they might have to go.”

Abby didn’t argue.

This time, she just… agreed.

