AuthorFaust's Writing Request Stories

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2018-05-28 23:40

Hello, and welcome to Faust's Writing Request Thread! Faust made this thread for a simple enough reason (And hopes to not step on toes)

Faust wants to write more stories, but does not wish to constantly impede his interactives by spiralling off into spinoffs....

So, Faust decided to introduce this as a way to stretch his authorial Muscles, to make writing easier for him. Faust's writing senses always work on a sort of momentum, and it's easier to build it up when he's writing many possible things....

Faust does not wish to impede on those who are doing this kind of thing for commissions, as a note, and wishes Masterxploder well and such with their ordeals....

Though, Faust should put a slight bit of a skeleton up, to have an idea of what things Faust can do...

===

Writing Request Form:

[This is a small form Faust wishes for you to fill out, when requesting a story. This will give Faust a general idea of what to do..]

Characters: [Who do you want to see something written about?]

Plot: [A General idea of what kind of story you want to see written. Be as Vague, or Detailed as possible]

Tags: [What kind of tags would the story have? Wetting, messing, etc.]

Rating Level: [On a scale of Holding hands, to Vulgar releases, to an Adult Fantasy, How vulgar do you want the story to be?]

Additional Details: [Additional Notes about the story]

For example.....

Character: Yuno Gasai, Faustus Necromonium

Plot: Yuno doesn't believe Faust's Wet Note is real. He proves her wrong.

Tag: Female wetting

Rating: Lewd. [Wetting, comforting]

A.D.: Not an actual request

###

Rules and Restrictions:

Yes, Yes...There are a few rules Faust wishes for you to follow. Faust tries to keep an open mind on this kind of thing, but Faust does have a few limits...

1. Nothing that is illegal. Faust doesn't mean that one can't pick something with a devious criminal undertaking or such, but Faust will not write things that involve Forced intimacy, or conspicuously underage characters. (A Loli-style character is okay, but they will always be presumed to be of the proper age for lewding. Never under it.)

2. One Request per person [At a time]. Faust will make sure to @ someone when a request is fulfilled, but Faust would like the slightest bit of restraint on things. When Faust either finishes a story, or refuses one, one may make a new request. But, for now, one per commenter, until further notice.

3. Do Not pressure Faust. Faust writes this kind of thing for fun, and enjoyment. Faust does not have a set schedule for these kind of stories, but Faust will state if a story idea has been abandoned or not. Just give Faust some time.

4. Do NOT try to shame another person's request. Faust promotes people's desires, and differences. If you do not care for a character, or a story tag, or a desire in question, then simply do not read the story. Faust does not want anyone to feel bad for what they request, unless it violates rule 1.

5. Characters that belong to an Author/Artist on the site must have Permission from the creator in question to do so. (Meaning, if you want someone like Lillica, Nikki, or such to be a part of a story, you must get approval from the Author themselves to have them written in the story. This is a mild bout of respect Faust wishes everyone can show everyone else.

==========

Faust's Strengths/Weaknesses

[This is a list of things Faust is prominent at writing, and not so prominent. This is a good guideline for things that you should/should not request.]

Strengths:

Female Wetting

Female Messing

Female Desperation

Light Intimacy

Intentional Accidents

Vouyerism

Weaknesses:

Furry/Anthro

Overly Violent Scenarioes

Male Accidents

Other:

If one is requesting a character from a series that is not a part of Faust's works, Faust may ask you to post a reference to the person in question. That, or provide Faust with some character Details. This is mostly for your own benefit, as Faust likes to try to keep things in character, and relatively realistic for the persons in question. Specify if the character appears in multiple forms of Media, or such... [Such as Yuno Gasai from Future Diary Versus Faust's Yuno, or Neptune from Hyperdimension neptunia, Etc]

If you haven't seen Faust use said character, it would usually be wise to add a small descriptor for said character.

*004*2018-05-29 14:54

@Nikerdya

[On Mall-owed Ground]

The morning sun's peek into Arya's room was not shooed away by disgust or disdain....But rather, an open invitation. Why, one would wonder....

"Finally, that new shopping mall is open!" she called to herself as she thrust her covers aside from the bed, nearly flinging herself over the side of it. "Ohhh, they've been teasing at it for weeks... I gotta be there now!"

Living in a small town with little going on, it was only natural to be as excited as she was..... With so little to do, she fully planned on spending the day at said mall... And as such, she had to be prepared.

"Gotta look my best.." she mused, thumbing through her drawers to find the perfect mall=perusing attire, some lovely blue undergarments...A mid-length skirt, and a loose fitting, prominently relaxing white shirt. A breezy, easy, beautiful covering...for said girl. She went to the bathroom to begin most of her morning routine, brushing her hair....Applying deodorant, brushing her teeth..... But practically zoomed off without pausing to empty her morning bladder.....

"There's no time for that... Mall inbound!" she told herself, confident her body would understand. It usually wouldn't be an issue.. She'd just go when she got there if it got too bad, right?

...

....

A few hours later, Arya was still practically beaming as she exited what must have been her Sixth store in the recent hours....Ear-to-ear as she carried around a small bag of things for her home, eyes wide as she glanced around, drinking it all in, along with a special 'Bursting out' blueberry shake she had bought during one of her passes into the food court. It was mostly gone now, but worth just every drop....

"Mmmm.. This mall is just what this little town needed." she mused to herself, glancing around at the crowds of people inside it. She'd been wrapped up in the latest few clothing stores she hadn't noticed just how many there were......But, it wasn't a scene that bothered her. No, she adored crowds!...outside of one certain circumstance...

"Gh....! Speaking of..." she tersely gasped under her breath, tensing up her thighs as she glanced around. "That's fine...I'll be fine... Just gotta...get to the bathroom real quick..."

A feat easier said than done. With the large swathes of people, navigating the mall was quickly becoming more difficult...Especially now that she had a goal in mind. She originally had just kept going with the flow, and let the crowds take her wherever they went....,So to be fighting against it...figuratively and literally now....

"Nnngh...Hey...W..watch out.." the girl protested as she felt some people connecting with her sides at various intervals, rocking her body and it's urges as she pushed through it. An uphill battle, an arduous struggle......But, eventually, she broke free to the secluded section that was reserved for the restrooms....Or at least...

"Ah..! Closed?!" her voice betrayed her, a strained squeaking in her voice as she looked at the caution tape barring the place from entry, as she saw a construction worker shaking their hard hat.

"Some kid set off a firecracker in one of the bathrooms." her answer came, the person rubbing their temples. "Several, at that. So, we've gotta get this whole section rebuilt, before opening it up."

"Um....Do you know how long that'll take..?" The pleading posture of Arya called, asking in more than one way...As the person turned with a disappointed expression.

"Um...Most of the day, if we're lucky." they answered, shrugging their shoulders. "Maybe two.....Sorry. You'll have to take your trouble elsewhere..."

Arya let out an audible whine as she turned tail and darted back into the mall's area....glancing around.

"There's gotta be a place..." she thought to herself, wincing as she saw the waves of the crowd navigating past her. "Hrm...where can I find someplace private in the mall....Ah! I know!"

There was one place she could find privacy for sure! She just had to...make...her way...to...a....clothing..store....

Psh..!

"Ah...Nonono...Stop..." she commanded herself, steeling her feminine walls as she pushed onward, the lightest of warmth escaping into her panties.......But stifling at that. She passed the torment of the crowds as she made her way into a Sarilian Secret store, and quickly made her way towards the back of the store... Nabbing a garment at random from one of the racks.

"E..excuse me... I'd..like to try this on.." she stammered out to one of the attendants, having decided to rest her faith on the Dressing rooms....As the working girl glanced up at her.

"Oh, sure..." she answered with a smile, gesturing. "I think we have one room open right now....."

The girl glanced at the garment Arya had grasped, a silk nightgown....and gave her a teasing smile.

"Try not to tease your friend too badly now in there."

She didn't pay any mind to the accusations of affiliation, all too quick to dart into the designated changing room, shutting the door behind her, emptying her hands, and starting to strip.

'Gotta at least PRETEND that I'm trying it on...' she thought to herself, as she gingerly lowered her hands to her skirt, unclasping it to try to ease the pressure off of her strained tank, letting her neon blue panties be on display for the first time that day.... As she reach back for her bag for phase two of her plan.....

"Nnnn...Towel..Towel...I know I got a towel, or a rag or something.." she whispered to herself as the fingers on her other hand roamed over her pantied mound, straining to keep it all in as she glanced around, looking for her salvation "Just...gotta...Ah..No....!"

As the threat of warmth brought the strain of need to her mind, she also realized to her horror that she had left her bag with the attendant without thinking! Of course they wouldn't let her take it into the room with her, it was common sense to avoid theft! But, one thing remained with her... One container, that could help with her current plight...... The Bursting Blueberry shake cup she had carried around for the better part of the hour! And it was just sitting a few feet away from her!

"Just gotta.....Slowly...carefully.." Arya whispered to herself, warily bending her waist to reach the cup, feeling all of her waters starting to flow downward as her fingers wrapped around it. With just as fluid of a motion as the one about to escape her, she yanked her panties aside, and pressed the open container to her trembling girlhood just in time to catch a swift...

Spurt.....

And, the following pssshpssshpssh that pssssh-ceeded it, the cup growing warm in her hands

"Ohhh....Ohhhh, that feels good.."

It was like a wave of relief washed over her... The sprays of sacred Arya waters starting to fill the Styrofoam that had contained the liquid prior to ingestion. She was grateful she had been shopping in such a diverse mall, if only for that fleeting moment of bliss as her personal tap began to reach the halfway point of her cup...

Wait...fleeting?

"Excuse me, but have you finished in there?" the attendant's voice quickly snapped her back to attention, as she was shamefully forced to staunch her stream mid-spray, "We've recently got a swell of customers, and could use the room as soon as you are done."

"Ah...Ah, I'll be just a minute..!" Arya pleaded, struggling and straining to contain her illicit flow as she clenched..and clenched..and clenched..Finally slowing the stream to a dribble...then, mere droplets...and finally, a halt as she set the cup down hurriedly.

She struggled with herself to slide her garments back on, promptly wincing as the skirt was re-fastened... But, she managed to put up the facade of control long enough to gather her things anew, and start out of the room...Just in time to see the growing crowd of lingerie peruse-ers. She had to get moving... She had to find the power to contain her waters a little longer.....

She had to quietly dispose of the now mostly-full cup in a nearby trash can before anyone could notice it's contents. A task she handled professionally.... If, not entirely gracefully, shifting with the sloshing of liquid meeting can.

Still, even as she swiftly re-stocked the garment that served as her entry ticket to the bout of relief, Arya's strain couldn't stand the delays much longer...

"Gh..!"

And she knew it. She was thankful to be wearing a skirt, rather than some tight jeans that would certainly be holding a copious stain by now.....But, as she pushed her way through the mall, desperate for an exit.... She held the lightest bout of fear in her heart...

'What if...I don't make it...'

The negative thought managed to break her body free of it's previously dry state once more, a sizable spurt spraying through her panties, and catching along her upper thighs. She gasped, flinched....Redoubled...and Tripled her efforts. Arya grit her teeth, slowly stuck one foot in front of the other, and steeled her pelvic wall... Trying desperately.... feverently, to make it those last....few....steps......

Arya struggled to keep pace with the crowds.... Strained to stifle her sprays of spent control..... and sought even a moment's reprieve from her display.....As she pushed...and pushed...and pushed herself beyond her limits... Slowly...surely....safely.....

Es...caping the confines of the mall!

"Ah...! Aha..!" she sounded out, wanting to jump for joy at having escaped the trap of public humiliation at least a little while longer...

Psssshhh!

As she felt a vicious spray of liquid soak through her panties, trickling down her thighs.

"Gah..! S..shit.." she snapped, stumbling and fumbling her way to the most remote area possible.....The side of the mall, where no cars were parked.

Arya struggled to lower her garments once more as she squatted down, the blue material a much duller shade than prior with a sizable amount of her waters in them....And was able to finally able to parley her pent-up piddle no longer.

PSSSSSSSSSSSH...PSSSSSSSSHPSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHPSSSSHH

As she felt her own piddle-plosion bursting out of her, quickly making short work for the watering of the grass, along with the moistening of the dirt. Arya's body visibly quivered and shook as she let loose a waterfall of her own creation, shuddering and groaning with raw relief as she emptied.

"Haaaah...Haaaahhhnn..Aaaahhnnn.." she groaned and moaned, the vicious sprays of water feeling nearly addicting...

"Hey, did you hear that?"

"Ah..!"

As she heard someone's voice, in her general direction. Arya covered her mouth with her hands as she struggled to stem the flow of her spray..... To no avail. She could lessen her stream...She could slow her spray...she could slacken it's pace...But it was refusing to stop again...Regardless of how much she clenched. Moments felt like minutes as she heard the footsteps approaching her location.... Her steady, unstoppable stream merrily hissing away slowly as she struggled to find the strength to move.... Hearing the footsteps grow closer...and closer....and closer.....

"Ah, You're hearing things. C'mon, Let's go see if they got the new set in."

"Ah...Alright then."

The footsteps slowly started pacing away from the girl as she felt herself finally finishing it's deluge....A bout of good fortune keeping her, yet again, from being discovered having spilled waters in a most definitely not designated area. Even so, Arya sat there for a few extra moments to be safe, letting her body empty itself out completely, and dry out just enough to safely get her panties back on....

"Ohhh..That....that was close. Too close.." she whispered softly to herself, before shaking her head. "Though now... I can get back to shopping!"

She wasn't one to let the potential embarrassment ruin her good time... And, there were still a ton of stores to visit! She already peed once, so she'd be able to manage exploring the rest of them before nature went to call again, right?

=====

*015*2018-06-05 19:12

@Zenkopan

AuthorNote: This story was not quite requested in the thread, but Faust felt it would be interesting enough to share in this one, regardless! Faust hopes you enjoy~

[A Golden Opportunity]

"Mmmth...I hope Nanako had fun today.." A raven-haired girl mused to herself as she parted ways with her friends for the first of a three-day vacation from school, heading down the sidewalk to a an all too familiar bus stop. "Yu looked quite relieved that she was so energetic....Even if we were only in Junes for most of the day. I'm glad...."

There really wasn't much to do in the small town of Inaba, which the girl had lived her whole life in. The raven haired girl's name was Yukiko Amagi, heiress to the...at least remotely known (Regardless of how much her friend Chie Hyped it up) Amagi Inn. A relatively prosperous place for people to stay on vacations and holidays out in the country. She had grown up in the inn, as had her family for several generations... And yet, she always wondered what it would be like, outside of her home. A lingering curiosity, coupled with a set of feelings she hadn't let surface until just recently.....

"Right....with my....Shadow..." she remarked quietly to herself as she stood at the bus stop, awaiting it's arrival with a light frown from a...sort of vague memory. She had been in a...strange sort of world, made of her own inner feelings.... She had come face to face with her own deepest, darkest, inner feelings.......

Of her light resentment to being an heiress to such a legacy.... Not out of the place itself, but how she had felt like she had no future outside of inheriting said building. With so many generations of Amagi inheriting, and running the inn most of their lives, deep down... She felt like she was trapped into the fate of having to run the inn her whole life... Never to leave...And never to know what other things there were out in the world. Like a bird in a cage.....

"But...I'm not beholden to that fate. I...can choose my own." she told herself resolutely, as the sounds of the bus pulling up to the stop rang out. 'I'll choose my own future, not relent to some old tradition...'

That was the thought, at least.... She still wasn't entirely confident in her choice, or her own self-sufficiency.... But, with the help of her friends, she was sure she could accomplish anything. Especially....

....

A thought that she felt lightly halted as she stepped onto the bus, wincing as she made her way to the middle and took her seat. The sudden shift in her posture put a touch of strain on a certain part of her, echoing a sensation she had lightly suppressed in her introspection.

Pang....

A dull aching in her bladder, from the several bottles of juice she had partaken of in the day. It wasn't incredibly bad, per se... But, it was enough to prompt the girl to press her legs together....

Yukiko's had been wearing a red dress that trailed down to her knees, with a black blouse underneath, and with a red and white scarf around her neck. She wasn't exactly cold with the early spring weather, but it was a sort of ensemble that one of the workers at the Inn assured her looked 'quite cute.' Knee-length boots supposedly complimented them, but she just thought they were comfortable, as she lightly rested her hands in her lap.

'It's only ten minutes to the Inn...Then I'll be able to go.' she told herself quietly, trying her best to not put her desire on full display. 'Think about something else......'

She had exams coming up.... She was rather confident in her studies, even with the time she had missed due to a...strange sort of incident she hadn't the chance to properly internalize yet. Her friends had..gone inside of a television to rescue her from a strange other world that she supposedly spent nearly two weeks in, but only felt like a few hours? She knew that after she was taken out of it, she really had to....

'Ah...No...mind off of that subject..!' she gently chided herself as she lightly clenched her fists in her lap....Pressing her legs closer together. She couldn't think about peeing...She mustn't.....

'And then there's the whole..Persona business...' she thought to herself again, vaguely remembering it. Her innermost feelings had transformed into another mysterious figure, that empowered her in that other world... Made her feel more complete....And yet...

'Nnn...It's all still a big blur..' she thought quietly, squeezing her legs together anew as she glanced out the window, the setting sun heralding the end of the day. 'Once exams are over, I'm sure they'll have plenty of time to show me what it is..'

Chie had told her a basic gist...and Yosuke had attempted to explain it all, but she couldn't quite wrap her mind around another world..... Even if it had clues to....

GRRRRRRRRRRRRRKKKKKKKKKKK

The bus suddenly lurched to a stop as the heiress was flung forward at this, adding a substantial amount of pressure to her strained tank, falling back after a few tensed moments of strain.

"Sorry about that! An animal ran out in front of the bus." the driver quickly apologized, as Yukiko crossed one leg over the other, wincing.

"I..it's okay..." she remarked politely, even as she squeezed her legs a bit tighter than before. Truthfully, she was afraid the sudden shift in pressure had incited an indecent leak, but she didn't feel any wetness clinging to her inner thighs, so she was dry...for now.

'Nnn....Not much longer.....Just a bit more..' she mentally coached herself, resting her hand in her lap as she desperately tried to hide her need....Biting her lower lip as the bus took motion again. It wasn't as negligible as before....No, in fact it felt quite bad... She definitely had to pee.....

'First things first when I get off: Bathroom...' she told herself as she permitted herself to rock slightly, waiting for the bus to arrive at it's destination. 'Before the maids, before dinner....and definitely before I change into my Kimono...'

It was a lovely garment that she owned, sure... And, it was important for the heiress of the inn to look her best when helping the customers....but she shuddered at the thought of having to wear such a...complicated outfit under such dire piddly circumstances....

'Glad I'm not wearing my tights today...Or, it might be in danger..' she quietly thought to herself, uncrossing and recrossing her legs. No, today, she would just need to pull her dress up, and her panties down once she entered the bathroom. An easy up, and an easy down. She would be fine...She would manage....

A few quiet moments of consideration later, and the bus gradually slowed to it's stop, Yukiko bracing herself this time for it.

"Amagi Inn." the bus driver called, as Yukiko stood up slowly, the shift in posture prompting a wince from the girl, but swiftly cast aside as she paced to the front of the bus.

"Yes..Thank you..!" she remarked to the driver without looking at him, hopping off of the bus and practically charging up the small distance to her inn, legs pressed together as she held a hand at her side...

She couldn't hold herself right now...Not in front of the potential customers..... It would look badly on the Inn if their heiress was hobbling around like a little girl in dire need.....Or worse, if she...

...

'D..don't...Just...bathroom..' she quickly cut herself off before finishing that thought, tensing her thighs and willing her internal reservoir to retain for a few minutes longer. She dashed as swiftly as she could up the steps to her own family's floor, not permitting herself even a moment's pause until she was absolutely sure no one could see her......The pounding of her bladder starting to intrude upon her thoughts....

'N..Nnn..just a little bit...' she thought to herself as she allowed one of her hands to move to the front of her dress, giving a moment's pressure to combat her slacking control. 'Just a few more steps, and we'll be free...Just hold on a bit longer..'

She paced the halls, rounded a corner, and headed towards her salvation....Hand moving to grip the handle when...

Klk....

"A..Ah..?" she sounded in disbelief, a voice calling out to her.

"Nnnn...I'll...be a bit....Sorry.." the voice of her mother called out as Yukiko's eyes went wide, her thighs trembling anew. "There...Nn...Appears to be an issue with the....sushi we ordered..."

Yukiko paled at her salvation being so resoundingly denied, but she shook her head after a few moments, charging back the way she came.

'I..It'll be fine! Th..there's still other bathrooms. I can....hold out..' she told herself quietly as she paced back down the steps. 'Just..have to be...patient, that's all...'

She rounded the corner, fearfully prying her hand from her dress as she wandered past a few passing customers, her goal still firmly in mind...And her will, strong.

"J..just a bit more.." she stated to herself cooly, before seeing a bright yellow sign on the door to her second chance... Tapped off, with a warning label.

Closed for Repairs

The girl visibly winced, her hand finding it's way to her dress anew as she held herself openly, no longer caring for her reputation, but for the increasing fear of delays...

"The...the second hall!"

She darted, but found herself meeting another locked door, with someone else's voice decrying her fate.

"I..just got in...sorry!"

She whined to herself quietly, and dashed around, passing over another taped-off room.

"M..maybe the servants will know.." she thought out loud to herself, straining with her internal muscles as much as she could to compose herself as she went to one of the waitresses.

"E..excuse me.." she asked quietly to an older woman with long, brown hair. "I...erm..a customer wanted to know where the...uh. functioning...bathrooms were..."

The woman gave Yukiko an appraising look, before offering a gentle smile, and pointed.

"There's the Fifth guest bathroom over that way." she answered, politely. "Just down the hall, and four doors down on your right, Miss Amagi."

"R..right..." Yukiko answered, nodding her head. "I'll...I'll go tell them immediately."

She had a feeling the woman knew she wasn't asking for a customer, but at this point she was far too desperate to care. Yukiko barged her way down the indicated path, squeezing herself tightly. Just a few more steps, and her nightmare would be over.....

...Or so..

"No......." she weakly protested, the path to the bathroom practically barricaded by a mass of people in various states of distress. Yukiko felt all of the color draining from her face as she stared at the barely-moving line, realizing that even if she was waiting in line.... With about a dozen people ahead of her in the queue, she would never.....

'Nnn...Nnnn! W...what...What do I do...' she thought to herself feebly as she glanced at the line, and down the halls. 'All of the bathrooms are...are occupied, and I'm...'

She winced as she went back on the hall, burying both of her hands in her dress to apply some much needed pressure...but felt a small bout of warmth finally escape into her panties.

"Aaaah....I'm running out of time..!" she whimpered, kneading her desperate girlhood needily. "Just..just a minute...please..give me just a little more time..!"

She felt an overwhelming level of pressure fighting it's way out....As she squirmed, shifted, writhed, ground her teeth, and mustered up all of her might to will her feminine faucet off for a few, desperate more minutes.

'There has to be a way....' she thought to herself, tears nearly welling up in her eyes from the strain, before a thought hit her with nearly as much force as what threatened her garments.....

The inn..Her inn was mostly famous for something in particular.... The Hot Springs! And, at this time, they were most certainly closed off to the public for some cleaning, so if she hurried.....

"G..gotta..Gotta go...Now.." she told herself as she dashed down the halls with the last of her energy, coming straight up to the door, pushing it open hurriedly as she passed by the various shelves and lockers where people placed their personal belongings, and zooming past the towels in a desperate rush, as she nearly skidded to a halt just outside of the springs, her whole body tensing, and winding like a spring.....

"P..please don't let anyone see this.." she prayed to whatever deities governed private relief, as she slid her hands under her dress...pulled a (still Mostly) White garment aside, and fell into a shaky squatting position..

Psssshh..psssssshPSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHH

As Yukiko felt her body nearly explode with pent up need, crystal-clear liquids splashing about viciously onto the stone flooring that surrounded the springs.

"O..Ohhhnnn...Ohhhhh..." she felt herself groan needfully as her own personal spring waters noisily splashed about, her whole body shivering wildly with relief. "Ohhh..Ohhhh..Ohhh that was....too close..."

It was at this point she could feel the slightest bit of cold from the night's air hitting her delicately exposed area, as her body pumped out piddle at an alarming rate, a sizable puddle pooling at her feet. It certainly looked like the combined mass of the beverages she had drank that day, but Yukiko couldn't focus on an accurate comparison at the moment, only lost in her own relief.

It...felt good to loose so much of her waters at this point...Far better than it had any right to. The added wrinkle of doing so in such an indecent area prompted a flush to the girl's face as she felt her stream dwindling down, a deluge slowing to a mere trickle.

"It...It's only because it was an emergency... This won't become a habit..." she told herself quietly, even if some part of her may have enjoyed the possibility. Of the absolute swell of warmth running through her as she emptied out her own waters that were held so long. No, she would never consider holding this long again.... Never...

"N..Now...I..should.." she sounded to herself, reaching over for some form of cloth or such to dry her feminine opening, partially regretting leaving the towels behind...But, merely plucking a few leaves from the bushes surrounding the springs.

"Just this once..." she remarked to herself, as she glanced down at her sizable puddle...And stood up, letting her panties snap back into place.. "Goodness... I..should clean this up before I go."

She would need to grab one of the buckets people used to splash water over themselves, and wash away the evidence of her illicit activity....But, before she could even find one...

"Ugh...With the order having been delayed, and Golden week, we're overbooked.." A voice Yukiko was familiar with groaned out, prompting the heiress to flinch. "I'm glad my daughter's back, but..."

'Gotta go..!' she thought to herself as she scampered out of the springs, and headed up to her room to change. Did he see her? Hear her? Or, did she manage to get away, scot-free? She didn't know...But, she wasn't about to spend the night waiting on him to discover her.....

No, she had a job to do.... As she fastened the obi on her pink Kimono and started out of her room....Trying to push the thoughts of desperation, and relief out of her mind. No..she couldn't think such illicit things while she was helping everyone......

....

.......

The next morning, Yukiko woke up with a familiar panging in her lower belly, as she carefully and quietly started out of her room, moving down the halls anew. She was heading towards her family's private bathroom again when...

"And somebody peed a moat, right outside of the springs!" her father's voice cried out, in an exasperated tone. "Didn't they see the sign?!"

"Well, a lot of the bathrooms were busy, honey.." her mother answered in an understanding voice as Yukiko passed by their room, the woman raising a hand to wave at her. "It's better than cleaning in the middle of the halls, right?"

"Ugh...true, but it still bothers me.." her Father added, turning as Yukiko walked by. "Did you see anyone going into the springs last night Yukiko? I put up the sign, but someone must have snuck in before I could get to cleaning it..."

"Ah, N..No. I didn't see anyone." the Raven haired girl answered truthfully, suppressing her face's flush. "Some..customers can be Unruly, i guess.."

"Yeah...You'll find that out really quick when you take over, honey.." he called out in a defeated tone, rubbing his head. "Sorry, it's just stressful during the holidays."

"Mmm..." Yukiko nodded quietly, as her mother waved a hand, smiling warmly.

"Don't worry about us, dear. Go hang out with your friends." her mother added, beaming. "We've got the plumbing finally working again, so there shouldn't be any more illicit spring-pee-ers today."

Yukiko felt her cheeks redden a bit, but she merely bowed and nodded, starting down the halls.

"I'll see you later." she added quickly, starting down the halls again as she looked to the bathroom...And then back to her room, where she would be changing into some clothes to go out.

....

'It wouldn't hurt to wait just a...little bit before going.' she told herself, gently. 'Just..a little bit...'

It wasn't even that bad right now.... She'd be fine a little while longer....

###

AuthorFaust: As an update/Reference to how things are going in regards to potential writings....

{{On 5/29/2018 at 2:29 PM, etoile said:

}}

Is likely the next story, followed by

{{On 5/29/2018 at 6:17 PM, Infecteddeer12 said:

}}

Though, Faust's thoughts may change over time. Faust hopes you are all understanding, and willing to wait for requests to be filled.

