The Path To Paradise Begins In Hell

Author: •ᐰʙʀᴧcᴧᴅᴧvᴇЯ•

*000*2017-02-20 09:03

This is just something I started because I'm way too into Dominic Sherwood's portrayal of Jace from "Shadowhunters" and The Mortal Instruments. It's set kind of early on in the canon, because there was a certain situation Jace got into that just set a fire under my imagination. I couldn't leave it alone and waste that perfect potential for something I needed to see happen to this perfect boy. I'll definitely be continuing this, but I figured I'd post what I had so far, partly as incentive for myself to keep writing, as it's been a while since I've done that on a regular basis. I hope you guys enjoy. It's my first time writing something like this in about ten years, so I apologise if I'm a little rusty these days.

###

"Remember tonight... for it is the beginning of always."

###

Jace hadn't slept well. Which wasn't surprising in the least, considering his predicament. He was in a stone cell, deep beneath the Silent City, and worse, he was cuffed quite securely to an iron railing in the wall that had already proven itself more than capable of standing up to whatever the young Shadowhunter could do to it. The bones of his wrists ached, the flesh stung where he'd scraped himself raw trying to break his bonds, trails of dried blood flaking and itching down his hard-muscled forearms to the elbows. He wasn't even sure how the hell he'd managed to fall asleep at all, though it no doubt had nothing to do with comfort and everything to do with him being utterly exhausted by the seemingly ceaseless flood of trouble that had swept over them all since Valentine's reemergence from whatever shadows had hidden him away for the last fifteen years. Even the irrepressible Jace had been truly worn thin by recent events, much as he would have hated to admit it even to himself.

And as if matters couldn't get any worse, another problem was rapidly making itself known to the spent Nephilim, one which made him groan audibly despite there being no-one around to hear him, let alone do anything to assist him.

Jace had to pee.

He'd been vaguely aware that this was going to be an issue since he first started trying to work at his cuffs, but he had pushed the thought aside brusquely, not wanting to think too hard about it. But now, he didn't really have the option to ignore it. He was still on his knees, slumped slightly sideways into the wall he was tethered to, with almost no room to move and his hands stuck well out of reach of his pants. He knew exactly where this was heading and he cursed several times under ragged breath. There was no point even in standing, as he knew that would only lead to more of his pants ending up wet when the inevitable happened. It was still difficult to think in those terms, though. At least there was one up side to his solitude; no-one would be witness to his humiliation. That still didn't exactly have him looking forward to this, but as long as nobody else knew about it he supposed he could live with it.

Nevertheless, no matter how desperately he might need to let go, he was certainly in no hurry to do it. The young Shadowhunter fought against himself for subjective hours, it seemed, even as his rapidly diminishing rational thought scolded from an increasingly muffled point deep in the back of his head that surely it had only been minutes, and he could assuredly hold on much longer. Wishful thinking? Maybe.

He squirmed against the cuffs, knees grinding on the rough, uneven stone of the floor. The ache in those knees, even through the sturdy material of his gear, was a welcome distraction, so Jace leaned back harder to pull the cruel edge of the cuffs into his wrists again. Fresh blood welled under the harsh metal and Jace let out a shuddering breath. Warmth trickled down his arms as he panted in pain and concentration... and down his thighs. Swearing roughly, he doubled over at the waist in sudden panic, exerting every effort to stop himself, to cut short the embarrassing flow.

Really, had he thought things through, he would have known there was no point in stopping it, but he couldn't help himself. He hadn't been able to help it when he had started leaking uncontrollably, yet he also couldn't help but fight it, either. As if Jace could ever just give in to anything. Even his own body. His breath coming in wracking sobs now, but the pressure blissfully abated enough to control, he slumped back against the cold wall... and tried to pretend he didn't actually feel somehow inexplicably better than he had at any other point since being locked down here to rot in forgotten seclusion beneath the earth.

*001*2017-02-20 18:39

@@As the shock - and his hard breathing - began to fade somewhat, Jace felt the cold of the stone wall against his shoulder starting to seep into his body, and his awareness. He may have his breathing under control now, but his heart still pounded in his chest, wracking his sturdy frame with shivers that were not the fault of the frigid temperature of the City of Bones. He was terribly aware of the almost comforting warmth below his waist, and he was terribly ashamed not only of its presence but the very fact that it seemed to be having a distinctly unexpected effect on him. Somewhere in the darkest recesses of his mind he knew he was reacting all wrong, even as he pushed such thoughts away with vehement aggression before they could take concrete form and settle accusingly in his consciousness. But deep in these black oubliettes of the Silent City the things one least wants to think about seemed to have a knack of worming their way to the forefront and sinking their insidious claws into the mind.

Jace felt strangely uplifted, comforted, for the first time since his arrest and confinement, and as much as he hated to even consider the possibility, it was undeniable. The persistent warmth in his fine leather pants was an unwelcome affirmation to his broken state, as he tried so hard to deny that it felt... good.

It shouldn't, Jace knew that perfectly well; after all, he was a Shadowhunter, a soldier, and very nearly an adult in the eyes of the Clave. And he was most certainly house-broken. He hadn't cried since he was a small boy, but he felt on the verge of it now. Not over his incarceration, or even that he had wet himself, but at the utter confusion and self-loathing that his unlikely visceral response to the sensation had awoken and dredged to the surface in him. The bitter tears never came forth, but they stung behind his eyes all the same, a hateful reminder of what he could only interpret as his own weakness... his own integral wrongness. How could he be feeling anything but disgust at what he'd done? The flutter of his heart and the shameful pulse of a growing firmness in the front of his tightly clinging pants surely belied such assertions and boldly claimed otherwise, though.

He swore again, under his breath, but the whisper of his voice cracked tellingly.

He must be broken. There was no other way around it. It was too obvious to ignore anymore, and it was the only explanation left. His breath hitched in his throat as his iron hold on his body's functions slipped again, his physiology apparently anxious to finish what it had begun earlier... but this time, once he had consciously dismissed the initial instinctive urge to catch himself, to stop himself, he just let it happen. What was the point in holding back now? There was not a soul to hide himself from down here, and it was no good trying to hide from himself any longer. He hung his golden-haired head down as he finally let go, his eyes screwed tightly closed as if he'd even be able to see anything if they had remained open. And despite himself, he released a heavy, shuddering sigh of pent-up relief - even verging dangerously on ecstasy - as at last he allowed himself to truly relax for the first time in his life as a Nephilim.

And goddammit, it felt horrifyingly good. Like he was letting so much more flow so freely from him than just the wetness hissing hard and hot into his pants. Like all the tension that had been weighing him down all these years, all the death and loss and pain, the exhausting effort of living up to what he was, was somehow being released with his stream and he could for this brief moment recall what it had been like to be truly innocent.

@@...Although, maybe the tent that was forming in earnest within his soaked pants as he gradually finished was a bit less than innocent, Jace mused with a dry inward chuckle. In his current state, which was still so very confusing to him, he had started to believe that he couldn't really put anything past himself and his clearly twisted mind. It had to be the influence of this place, and the torment of his situation. His psyche was cracking under the strain, no doubt, but perhaps to fight it, to fight himself, was simply too much to bear on top of everything else. Once he got out of here, he could leave behind what had happened to him, like a cast-off skin that didn't fit. It would be alright. He would be alright. And he wouldn't have to think of it - or his broken self - again once he had rejoined the real world. So maybe none of this mattered, really. He couldn't be blamed for what he couldn't help, or for the results of such unnatural punishment as this. Or for the actions of this desperate, fucked-up stranger he had surely become while subjected to such treatment. He could go back to bearing the weight of the world on his broad shoulders and pretend he had never let it go; that he had never let it all flood from him in a hot, cloying torrent of strangely exhilarating, strangely comforting release in a dark stone and iron room beneath the ground of a timeless, alien world so far removed from everything that was real and familiar, so distant and detached from that place where he was loved and admired and hated and judged and real, and where consequences were permanent.

@@With another sigh that held so much more than words could have said, Jace began to slowly rock his hips into the wet tightness of his pants, knees spread apart to draw the firm material closer across his now-hard cock, allowing for the friction and forbidden heat of his soaked gear to work at him. It was a slow build, and honestly frustrating as hell, not to mention that it still felt so wrong despite feeling so damned good... but somehow that all made it work in spite of it all, and his panting breaths actually quickened. Time passed unnoticed, unmarked by anything but the beating of his heart, his increasing gasps, the occasional scrape of metal against metal as his cuffs reminded him of their restrictive presence, and the creak of the drenched leather as Jace's hips bucked slowly, rhythmically, into the still-hot evidence of his sin held so warm and close against his most sensitive and reactive parts. Parts made even more so by what he'd just done - and, of course, what he was doing now.

He may not have the use of his hands, and that might have been a problem when it came to relieving himself in one way, but thanks to some of his interests, his past endeavours and escapades, he had learned quite well how to get himself off, or at the very least quite nearly, while denied his own touch. And now that he had found one kind of relief he suddenly found he needed the other more than ever. It was an overwhelming distraction he had not been prepared for and could no more ignore or deny than his need to draw breath. The need was every bit as urgent and desperate as his previous requirement for relief, and just as impossible to defy. Not that he even wanted to say no to himself any more.

It was with perhaps the worst possible timing, then, that he heard the unmistakable reverberating clang of a heavy steel door being opened somewhere in the echoing labyrinth of the cells, and the familiar clatter of Clary's footsteps rushing toward his prison as she called his name in an obvious tone of concern.

Jace swore again. It was becoming a bad habit down here.

*003*2017-04-09 12:12

Not really any omorashi in this part; mostly just plot and angst. I think I'm going to skip writing out the bit where Jace actually gets out of the Silent City since that's all in the original books and tv series, and wouldn't really benefit from being pretty much transcribed here, especially since I'm having to write these on my phone. I do have some ideas regarding what his time in the City of Bones might have done to Jace, though, and I'll admit I'm a little impatient about getting to them.

###

"Jace?" The voice clear as a bell, as welcome as an alarm clock at this point. "Is that you? Oh my god, Jace, this place is so dark. And... ugh... it smells like a cave and public bathroom rolled into one."

He grit his teeth, hard, tasting copper as he bit his bruised lip. He could only hope it was dark enough that she wouldn't see anything. Surely his junk had a mind of its own; it was not responding at all sensibly to the situation.

"You shouldn't have come here," The boy's voice rose out of the shadows, sounding tense and exhausted beyond anything Clary had imagined, though she probably never would have believed the actual reason why. She gasped as her vision adjusted enough to make out the shape of him on the hard ground, barely another shade among the darkness, his usual golden glow subdued. She could just make out the even darker rivers of blood on his arms, snaking from cuffs to elbows and falling away into deeper blackness.

"I'm not going anywhere," she tried to reassure him, but the scrape of leather on stone and iron on iron cut her off short as Jace leaned as far forward as his restraints would allow... as far as he dared in his state. At least it didn't seem like she'd figured that out. The tension in his voice was palpable, partly due to what he'd done and nearly been caught doing, and partly due to what he knew he had to do now.

"No. You have to go, Clary. You have to go, and never come near me again. I'm Valentine's weapon, and he knows... he knows you're my weakness." His face turned away, melting into the shadows as it felt like the space between them widened to a chasm. Jace's breath caught in his throat but he leaned into the cuffs again to freshen the flow of blood - his accursed blood - down his arms and with it, his resolve. His voice was tight, pained, forced past clenched teeth as he continued. "If I ever get out of here, he'll come after you."

"Let him. We'll fight him off together."

"There is no together for you and me, Clary. There never can be."

"Jace--"

"We're done here."

@@A Silent Brother seemed to shift out of the shadows to take Clary's arm with gentle yet firm guidance. Jace couldn't look at her. He was more ashamed than he could ever remember being before, and not just because of the lingering wetness at his crotch. He couldn't meet her reddening gaze as her eyes teared up, couldn't handle the love he still saw there. Because he still felt it too, but not pure like that, and he could no more deny it than he could deny any of the other perversions he'd discovered and dredged up from within himself while he'd been down here. As she was led away by the Silent Brother, he could feel those eyes on him, tearing at his walls, his armour, so painstakingly built over so many years, and though his own eyes stung and each breath caught on the pain in his throat like a jagged block of ice he couldn't swallow, he couldn't let the tears fall. He mustn't. So finally he laid his head against the stone wall and bore down hard on his wrists. The blood that Valentine had tainted, that had made him so fucked up, would fall instead.

And yet, in spite of everything, in spite of how wrong he knew it all was, he still wanted her. Needed her. The sight of her, the sound of her voice, the conviction in it that spoke of her love even when her words didn't say it all... try as he might to deny it, to expel it all from his heart, he couldn't. No more than he had been able to deny the pleasure he had taken from things that should not have given him such a response. It seemed all too clear; he was exactly what Valentine had told him he was. Corrupted, evil, an abomination which would only ever want what it wanted with no care for whether such things were right. This was just evidence of the fact. And that he had not been able to will away his unwholesome arousal even as he had driven away the girl he shouldn't love, but did... well, that was just more proof of his own wrongness. It was all true. It had to be, or how could he be like this?

Finally, the pain refused to be held back any longer, and with self-loathing in his gut, an ache in his heart - and, much to his uncomfortable dismay, a different kind of ache in his balls - the tears finally wrenched themselves agonisingly from him and he fell back against the wall with a wretched sob, and let them take him.

. . .

It was with a groan of sheer annoyance and defeat that Jace awoke later - who knew how long it really had been - with a familiar pressure down below. He screamed his frustration and rage at the cell walls, but there was nothing to answer him.

*004*2017-04-09 12:40

By the way... not omo-related, but just in case, you know, for reference... this is Dom Sherwood as Jace.

&&

&&

&&

*006*2017-04-10 21:18

First off, let me just say thank you for reading and giving feedback. He's definitely trying not to let himself go too much - however you interpret that. ;)

I figure he's probably been down there up to a few days by the time he gets out, but while technically (judging by the established character of the Silent Brothers) he would have been given water, and probably something to eat, I have no interest whatsoever in seeing anyone shit anywhere, so I kinda decided he simply wasn't going to eat for the duration of his confinement... but he would have no choice but to piss himself at least a couple times. No matter how hard he fought not to.

He's a fighter, to the core. One of the things that makes it so much hotter when he's finally defeated by his own body and desires.

As for your suggestion, unfortunately I don't think the Silent Brothers would really get as involved in his torment as all that; they mostly just leave people alone in the cells and in the books Jace's isolation and disconnection from the world while he was down there was a big part of the nature of his incarceration, and it's a major trigger for the lasting effect I imagined the ordeal might have on him in private. Jace doesn't take well to outright humiliation, especially from an external source, and honestly neither do I. But he's very hard on himself and his own mind takes him to darker (and more enticing) places than anyone else could push him into.

Also, oh god yes he certainly is hot shirtless. I much prefer Dom's portrayal of Jace over the guy who played him in the movie, but the movie had Jonathan Rhys Meyers as Valentine, who is not only just as beautiful as Dom Sherwood (and who was actually the one who made me realise years ago that I have a thing for pretty blond boys with lips made for blow jobs, lmao) he also happens to have heterochromia just like Dom too. So I kinda like to blend all three - books, movie, and tv series - in my mind while imagining my own extrapolations on the story. In the tv series, Jace also wasn't cuffed to the wall, but he was in the books and I do rather like the thought of that. Makes everything so much more fun.

@@I'm still deciding on how much rehashing of his exit from the prison I want to include, but I know exactly where I want to take it from there. I'm definitely looking forward to writing some of the bits... yet to come. Pun very much intended. I must admit I was never all that fond of Clary. She's a useful plot device for getting Jace heated up and stripped down, but it's Alec and Jace whose complicated and frustrating relationship really interests me, because I love the whole sexual tension thing and the potential for voyeurism on Alec's part, since he's such a repressed but obsessively focused character in terms of his sexuality (especially where Jace is concerned) and they're both so intense in their own ways, so that will be explored a bit in future installments. As well as more omorashi content, of course; it just didn't seem to fit right into the previous chapter and I don't want to force it at the expense of plot and a more realistic "feel" to the situations. As a rationalist I seem to need even my fantasies to be plausible, haha...

I'll probably have more of this to post soon, though it might not be for a couple days as I have a few things to attend to in meatspace before I'll likely have the chance and privacy to get some more writing done. I really appreciate the fact that someone is reading this, however, so that's good incentive to keep me on some kind of schedule.

*008*2017-05-02 08:42

Since it's been a while without internet, and will probably be a while yet before my wifi is back on, I've been able to get a fairly long update done here. I can't format too well on my phone, but anyway...

Hopefully this makes up for the wait a little.

Also, heterochromia means different-coloured eyes. Both Dom and Jonathan have partial heterochromia, their eyes are blue with a brown segment in the iris on one side. It's beautiful. Btw, sounds like I would love to see you fight. ;)

This part contains some pretty overt masochism, among... well, other things, haha... I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.

- -- --- ---- ----- ---- --- -- -

The commotion woke him next, some uncounted hours later. Someone was screaming. No, more than one. Voices somehow wrong, unused for so many years, only now being ripped painfully forth once more to announce and decry their own deaths. Jace scrambled to his feet in time to witness Brother Jeremiah's final rattling breath as the man fell at the base of the cell door. And Valentine; smirking, remorseless Valentine, looming like a bad dream from the darkness of the crypts liberally spattered in mortal crimson. Jace nearly believed himself to be losing his mind at last, but the spreading pool of the Brother's blood reaching his boots and reflecting his own shocked face back to him in the glow of witchlight would not let it be so easy.

At first he barely heard Valentine's gloating, or his offer, his question... his ultimatum. But then he was nodding, conceding - anything to be released, to be back in the game. The man sneered as he freed the locks on the door and cuffs, giving Jace a cursory once-over.

"How dare they treat my son like this? You see, this is what it's all about to the Clave; you do as they say or they toss you aside and leave you to rot." He wrinkled his nose disdainfully. "In your own filth, no less. You stink of piss and fear."

@@"I'm not afraid-" Jace started to protest, automatically, but as he stepped out of the cell and felt the way his pants clung to his legs, his face reddened with embarrassed heat and he ducked his head. Only for a moment, however, as a sword was thrust into his hand and several people suddenly charged at each other from either side of him, a chaotic clash of metal and hard decisions. Valentine had the second of the Mortal Instruments, the Soul Sword, now in his hands, and he called for Jace to follow him as an indentured warlock opened a portal for the Circle's departure. For their escape. Jace was torn. But as Valentine ordered the last of his followers remaining to slaughter the Shadowhunters left alive in the catacombs, Jace's mind was made up for him. He whirled on the spot and ran the traitors through, ever the expert fighter even now, but it was too little, too late. The expression on Valentine's face as he turned and vanished through the portal - with the Sword, but without Jace - was unreadable, but one meaning was all too evident in the determination of his gaze. He would be back.

Jace, breathing hard, held his hand out to the man he had just saved, at the cost of the Sword, the man who had had him locked up here in the first place. Aldertree glanced reluctantly at the hand, but took it, and Jace pulled the man to his feet without looking him in the eye. He couldn't. Disgust roiled through his blood, burning, though he could no more pin down what - or who - it was most justifiably aimed at, than he had just pinned down Valentine. But he suspected it was himself.

The Institute loomed stark and judgmental as Aldertree and Jace arrived. His sentence had been cut short, it seemed, but Jace still felt like a prisoner. And despite saving Aldertree's life back in the Silent City, the man would not relent. He'd lost Valentine and the Sword, apparently by design if Aldertree's twisted ranting was to be believed. It was all Jace could do not to fight him, too. He'd made all the wrong decisions, all the way here. And where had it got him? He felt worse than he ever had, perhaps even more so than he had as a child because now he had only himself to blame.

He didn't even speak to Clary as he walked back through the familiar echoing halls of the Institute. She was crying over something, but she had friends who could comfort her without complicating things, without wanting something from her that should never be given. Without wanting her. He turned his mismatched eyes away and tried to forget. Tried to forget what he'd seen, what he'd heard, what he'd felt... Tried so hard to forget her... or maybe just himself. He closed the door of his own room feeling as if he was out of place all over again, sliding down to the floor in abject defeat, his back against the wall leaving smears of blood and dirt trailing down behind him and his forehead slumped on his filthy knees, but he didn't notice any more. He didn't care. He was all out of whatever it was in him that let him care. Or so he told himself to keep it all at bay.

• •• ••• •• •

@@Alec's brows were knitted even more tightly than usual, though with good reason this time. His parabatai had been back where he belonged - as far as Alec was concerned, naysayers be damned - for a few weeks, but it seemed like a part of him had never left the City of Bones. He wasn't his usual cocky self, his unique eyes somehow hollow, haunting, his answers to questions given in monosyllables and grunts, or even just the occasional glare. He spent his time at the Institute more often than not simply shut away in his room, and when he wasn't there his actions were reckless in a whole different way to how they had been, taking on a much darker, more self-destructive hue that had Alec's nerves permanently frayed. Jace might not have noticed - another alarming development - but Alec had been barely able to tear himself away from fussing around the other boy like a mother hen. Behaviour which normally would have earned him a scathing, if still good-natured, tongue-lashing of the sharpest tone and wit. But if Jace noticed, all he did about it was to push himself further away, retreat into himself and his room, and shut both literal and metaphorical doors firmly behind him.

Something was clearly wrong. Alec didn't need the insight of the parabatai bond to know that. And he had no idea what to do about it. Whatever it was, it ate him up inside almost as badly as it was obviously eating away at Jace.

Magnus, astute as he was, had certainly not missed the change in his moody young lover. He had, of course, invited Alec to share his problems, and for once the Shadowhunter had felt perfectly able to lean on someone else... but there was so little to tell. If only he knew what was tormenting Jace, he might have been able to do something about it, but this feeling of utter helplessness was alien to him and it was not something he knew how to combat at all. This was all such uncharted territory in every way and it was all the boy and his adoring warlock could do not to let themselves be drawn hopelessly into Jace's black hole with him.

"He's not used to being anything but the Clave's golden boy," Magnus tried for what seemed like the thirteenth time, "this is just a space he's never occupied before, he needs time and he needs to know he still has friends no matter what else is going on with him, or what kind of bitching and backstabbing the Clave is flinging around right now."

Alec nodded, but without any real conviction. He couldn't seem to drag his eyes up off a small loose thread in Magnus's floor rug, likely the work of Chairman Meow, but when he finally did it was the earnest, worried eyes of the ancient, enigmatic man who loved him that his gaze fell upon, and once again his heavy heart skipped a little faster to see such pure and unfettered emotion there. So real, and for him.

"You're probably right--" he began with a sigh, but Magnus suddenly shuffled in his seat in a way that Alec recognised as meaning the warlock had an idea. Questioning blue eyes met sparkling golden cat's eyes, alight with purpose. "Okay, what?"

"Bring him here. I can set up a guest room for him. He's bound to do better out from under the watchful eye of that insufferable Aldertree. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I do know that if Wonderboy is unhappy, you're unhappy, and I can't just sit by and watch you mope around all day. You're bringing down the whole vibe of this awesome pad. I won't have it."

His tone was characteristically glib, but the sincerity warmed his eyes and Alec could practically feel it washing over him like a physical embrace. He already felt lighter.

"You sure?"

"Just do it, before I realise what I've done and start regretting it."

It was actually almost comical, then, when the door to Magnus's loft made a thunderous announcement of a new arrival with a heavy fist, and upon Magnus opening it with a glittering wave of his hand and a raised (perfectly groomed) eyebrow, a rather gloomy-looking Jace stomped in, carrying a couple of black duffel bags over his shoulder and practically wearing his own personal storm cloud over his head. He took a deep breath that seemed like it came more from the depths of his soul than just his lungs, and fixed a strangely almost-apologetic glare on Magnus's bemused face.

"You've got a spare room, right?"

"Well, that was quick."

Alec couldn't stifle a little snort of laughter, much to Jace's confusion and Magnus Bane's delight; it was good to hear a happy sound from the boy after so many morose days.

"Right this way. I swear, I had no idea my home had 'halfway house for wayward Shadowhunters' painted on the door..."

Shaking his head, but still grinning, Alec trotted along behind them to get Jace settled into his new digs.

@@The third night into his stay at the warlock's fanciful abode, Jace still couldn't sleep. He hadn't even really been bothered to change out of the jeans he wore that day... or the last few days... or whatever it was. Like it mattered. He'd just discarded his shirt haphazardly and resigned himself to another long night with his thoughts. Though he still hadn't taken up the offer from Alec, Magnus, and several others, to talk about what had happened to him, it all nevertheless was a constant weight on his mind. He had indeed left something of himself back there, or brought the place out with him. Perhaps it had been traded. Whatever the case, here he was again, staring at an unfamiliar ceiling without fully seeing it. A montage of humiliation stuck on a soul-crushing loop behind his pained asymmetrical eyes. The nagging pressure in his lower abdomen, all too familiar and now so dreadfully significant, barely acknowledged consciously but all too pressing in those darker corners of his mind that had grown so much in recent times, only serving to remind him of things best forgotten and intensify his black mood. Perhaps worse was the steady, increasing, wonderful and terrible pulsing response in his nether regions. How the hell had it come to this? What was wrong with him? It was so easy to blame the demon blood pumping throughout his traitorous veins for this perversion, but somehow that didn't feel like enough. Like he couldn't just write off all the awful things he felt, he wanted, he needed, without punishing himself as well. Valentine had tried to tell him that he couldn't help his desperate, aching desire for Clary - for the girl he had loved, who had, in a horrid cosmic joke at his expense, turned out to be his own sister, of all people - that he couldn't be blamed for any nasty, dark things that lurked within his tainted heart. He both wanted to believe that and couldn't bring himself to, all at once. The excuse to cast responsibility for himself somewhere else, anywhere else, was so tempting, too tempting, but that only made it harder for him to accept it.

@@His eyes finally drifted away from the ceiling for a moment, alighting on one of his thick leather belts draped over the top of his slightly open wardrobe door, and it grabbed his gaze and held it, whispering half-formed ideas straight into his skull. The effort it took to peel himself off the bed and take the few steps across the room was outlandishly disproportionate to the action itself, as if he were weighed down by every ounce of guilt in his heart, but as his hand closed around the heavy hide strap his strength seemed to flow back into the corded muscle of his arms and ripple through his shoulders and back, tensing his body with portentous expectations. He kicked aside the luxurious carpet rugs and dropped to his knees on the dark wood floor, folding the belt up into a few loops in his fist and dropping his head forward and down with a shuddering sigh of what almost felt like the precursor to relief. The first swing, the first resounding impact, forced a sharp breath from his lungs and made him tense his jaw tightly, but it also promised something that felt almost like sanity. Breathing in hard through his nose and harder out through clenched teeth, he gripped the belt white-knuckle tight and swung again. Harder. Harder. Harder.

Magnus was sleeping so soundly, so peacefully, that even a rogue banshee in his living room might have had a bit of an issue waking him, but Alec had been having trouble with insomnia lately, no doubt as a result of the turmoil bleeding through the parabatai bond from Jace's end. And what the hell was that sound? It was rhythmic, solid, but not a drum beat. It was by no means even all that loud, like a heartbeat but somehow... violent. He might have missed it completely if it hadn't been in perfect synch with the strangest sensation throbbing under the parabatai rune above the point of his hip and radiating outward, weaving hot yet chilling tendrils through all the fibres of his being. Like suffering and salvation inextricably entwined, and... something else... something Alec couldn't quite pin down or understand. And it made the stoic young Shadowhunter feel close to tears without any idea why.

He slipped silently out of Magnus's enormous plush bed, landing lightly on the balls of his feet and stealing an enamoured glance at the dreaming warlock before padding quietly down the hall toward the faint yet curious sound, and the source of the worrying sense of... whatever it was... beating through his rune.

Alec crept up to the guest room door, unsure why he felt such a need for stealth but oddly sure of it for whatever reason, and he raised his hand with every intent to knock, but his knuckle paused merely half an inch or so from the wood as it became apparent that there was no evidence that anyone else was actually in there with Jace to cause the sounds that were so strangely reminiscent of battle, yet also not. In fact, quite the opposite. The muffled sounds coming from the other side of that door were baffling, yes, but they somehow sounded incredibly... private. An interpretation backed up rather than contradicted by the feelings that bled through the bond with greater clarity and intensity with Alec's attention and the increase in proximity. Even so, the echo of pain in those waves Jace was unwittingly broadcasting to him made Alec only hesitate briefly before ever so carefully inching the door open enough to see what the other boy was doing to cause such disturbances in the Force.

And Alec's jaw dropped open, his breath halting for a moment before speeding up with a kind of flutter as his brain struggled to sort itself out with this new information. And that image that would no doubt be with him to the grave now...

Jace's bare back was facing the door (luckily for Alec on so many levels), the muscles taut and standing out in chiseled precision under his sleek, bronzed skin. That skin, already so intricately marked with the fine silvery scars of healed runes and the larger, coarser scars of wounds, was covered in angry red lines; the tracks of fresh welts and open gashes that wept blood freely, as if trying to make up for the tears Jace had never shed. The cruel dance of the belt lashing across his skin in a perfect rhythm was mesmerising, even though Alec flinched a little each time it connected. It took him a few more moments to spot the almost graceful arcs of Jace's blood in two spattered lines behind him, thrown by the makeshift flogger, across the dark hardwood floor where the red nearly blended in too well to see in the candlelight, but for the shine giving it away, and up one side of the bed on his left. Like... like a visceral shadow of wings lost.

@@Alec was so caught up in the incredible, troubling, somehow agonisingly beautiful sight before him, and all the myriad of emotions - both recognisable and not, both right and so, so wrong - that it was forcibly drawing out of his most guarded depths, that it took him a few seconds more before he realised that Jace had stopped. He remained in position, still, shoulders heaving, head down, sweat-soaked blond hair falling across his face and sticking to his brow, but his hand holding the belt was still now. Mostly. A slight tremor was only just visible as it rested against his thigh, still holding onto the folded belt with a vice-like grip, and it was this that finally almost made Alec run to his side. However, he hesitated, and it was this that allowed him to realise that Jace's left hand was not done yet. Slowly, as if reluctantly, it moved to the belt Jace was actually wearing, unbuckling it with a shaky fumble that made the metal ring out before it fell away, then working at the clasp of his tight black jeans. Alec's breath stopped again and his eyes widened in recognition of what Jace was doing, and he almost laughed as the thought flitted unbidden through his head - so he does that left-handed, huh - but he managed to stay frozen, silent, at the crack of the door, barely noticing how sweaty his grip had become.

@@Jace's arm muscles rippled, the candlelight lending his sweat-slick skin and the blood dribbling down his back an otherworldly golden glow offset by darker, dancing shadows, an effect that suited him so well it would be hard to imagine him any other way for a while, Alec could already tell. This was a sight that would make its way into far too many dreams for Alec's own good, but he could not turn away. Hell, it was all he could do to so much as blink. He bit his lip as Jace's breathing got faster, as his elbow jogged at his side, and it took Alec a while again to realise with a hot rush of embarrassment that Jace wasn't alone in his covert activity anymore; this was wrong, so wrong, he shouldn't be watching this, and he certainly shouldn't be jerking himself off at the door like a creeper, but oh god he couldn't bring himself to take his hand away, let alone his eyes, and he would just deal with the inevitable guilt and shame later. He held his breath in intervals, trying desperately to keep himself silent as he used his left hand, like Jace, maybe because of Jace, to bring himself to the edge all too fast. He fought back the overwhelming wave of blissful oblivion with quite a struggle, but he couldn't let himself finish before Jace did. He had to see this through to the end. It had become as necessary as breathing. He opened his eyes again, having been forced to close them if he was going to have any hope of holding off, and the vision that met his gaze forced him immediately back to that edge and nearly shoved him straight over it without pause, because Jace had at last lifted his head and tilted it back in obvious carnal pleasure, those beautiful mismatched eyes closed and his teeth clamped down hard enough on his lower lip to draw more blood as the light played over his glistening golden skin, his wet-dark golden hair, and the shifting shadows between his ribs as he bucked and panted roughly through his orgasm.

Alec had to stifle a bestial groan that threatened to rumble up from places he never thought he possessed, as he watched his friend come harder than Alec had even thought possible, obviously letting himself release straight into his own pants and wiping his hand on the inside of his boxer briefs as he dragged it back out. Alec tried to remind himself to breathe. He should leave. He should definitely leave, right now. Before Jace saw him and everything was ruined forever. There was no way their relationship would survive intact if Jace spotted him lurking. With his cock in hand, no less. But he couldn't seem to convince his feet to move, even as his panic started to build at an exponential rate. Dammit, move--

But then it struck him. Jace was still right where he'd been this whole time, same position, same pose, except for having his head hung back down again, still panting though. Sure, he might just be recovering still, which would be no surprise given what Alec had just witnessed, but... but then the boy was biting down on his lip again, his knees had slid slightly further apart as if he had relaxed into his position more, and sort of sagged where he knelt. And his breath hitched again, sharply, his head snapping up an inch or so as he tensed momentarily and then relaxed again just as suddenly, and--

@@...And Alec heard a kind of harsh hissing sound, so unlike the sharp intake of breath Jace had just made, and continuous. He was just starting to tilt his head in unspoken question when he saw the spreading darkness on the leg of Jace's jeans, shining wetly, and the growing pool beneath his knees, and it slowly, shockingly, dawned on him what Jace was actually doing. Alec's eyes were probably at their absolute widest now, and yet he apparently still had a little room left for surprise as it went up another notch when it came to his attention that he was, in fact, harder than ever. Even more so than minutes ago when it had been almost painful and he had been on the verge of exploding without even needing his hand. He was breathing about as raggedly as Jace, now, his hard-on straining against his pants and throbbing in warning of imminent release. He could only gasp and grip the door even tighter as he stared at Jace, Jace wetting himself, Jace deliberately wetting himself, and despite his efforts his knees gave out and Alec came in a hot mess of ecstatic confusion. This must be what Jace felt, he kind of vaguely thought in a tangle of strangely detached curiosity and feral, animalistic incoherence, as he slipped to the floor without really knowing he was. It was probably only sheer luck that prevented Jace from hearing over his own lustful groan as Alec scrambled to get himself back into the hallway before he gave himself away, and he just managed to slip back into Magnus's darkened bedroom before he heard the unmistakable sound of Jace getting to his feet and rushing to his own door in what was surely a panic given that Alec had been unable to close it as he fled. And oh shit, the sweaty handprint... He didn't think he believed in any particular god or faith, but he was breathlessly praying that Jace wouldn't find out that he had been there, all the same. His blood was pounding so loudly he was so sure it would wake Magnus up, and he had no idea how he would ever be able to explain his current state. Hell, he couldn't explain it to himself, let alone anyone else. Certainly not to his doting lover. Maybe, with his seventeen thousand previous lovers, Magnus would be better equipped to know what was going on in Alec's head - and his body - than Alec could ever hope to, but there was no way he was going to ask, or even hint, not if there was any way around it. This was too much for words, and though Magnus had known about Alec's complex and difficult feelings for Jace, they were together now. Alec and Magnus. Not Jace. Fuck, was this cheating? He loved Magnus, that was no different. So what the fuck was this? Fuck.

A little while later, the soft double click of Jace's door shutting and locking reached Alec's ringing ears, and then the distinctive sound of the shower running reminded him of the sinful, sticky mess in his own briefs. Feeling himself blush hotly, yet thankfully invisibly in the darkness, Alec grabbed a towel and a fresh pair of underwear and sneaked off to Magnus's bathroom to clean up... at least on the outside. He doubted he would ever be able to scrub away what had happened on the inside, though - but then again, weird as it was, and a bad idea in pretty much every way, he couldn't even begin to convince himself that he actually wanted to. He sure as hell didn't understand it - any of it, either Jace's side or his own - but damned if he hadn't felt it all the way to his core.

The next morning, Magnus had woken up before either of the boys, for good reasons he was thankfully as yet unaware of, and provided pancakes that filled the loft with an aroma that was nothing short of magical. He did wonder why his two young house guests were acting kind of strangely and why Jace was moving stiffly and had a cut on his lip that he hadn't bothered to use a healing rune for, or why Alec seemed like he was alternately either staring at or hiding his hands, but whatever, Shadowhunters were an odd lot, and teenagers even more so, and Chairman Meow was winding around his ankles purring and begging for maple syrup and generally making every step a bit of a life-threatening gamble, and breakfast was too good to be worrying about the vagaries of teenage Shadowhunters, anyway. The warlock grinned at his guests as he put a plate down in front of each of them.

"Sleep well?"

*009*2017-08-17 16:30

So, I am definitely intending to continue this, but I have hit a bit of a snag. Namely, that my phone's battery decided to explode on me. Yes, literally, it blew the fuck up. Luckily, I have the next chapter's notes saved, but they're on that phone, not my sim card or the cloud, so... yeah. Also, our internet is still proving to be an issue, so I've actually missed the last couple episodes of Shadowhunters, which has kinda caused my muse a bit of a crisis, like it can't cope without that fix in the intermission. I don't know if anyone is even reading this now but honestly I'll be writing it either way, but I just wanted to give an update/explanation anyway, just in case.

*010*2018-03-13 08:59

So... season 3 of Shadowhunters starts in a week.

And I'm definitely not fanboying hard over here like a 90's schoolgirl in line for her fifth viewing of Titanic. I'm not, I swear. Okay maybe I am. Shut up.

@@Plus, I just got my ADHD meds (chemical magic!) back after about a year without them (yeah, that sucked). Aaaaand yeah, we are being forced to move house yet again, which is definitely a hassle but the place we're hoping to get is absolutely amazing, like, beyond beautiful and totally inspiring. Which all means my muse will likely soon be properly fed and no longer pining so badly, and my neurons will be firing a little more reliably and a little less wonky and half-arsed. However, my phone is still a malfunctioning piece of glitched-out utterly infuriating shit, and I can't seem to find a decent writing app that works on it at all satisfactorily, but I can probably use my fiancee's "spare" laptop when she's at work or sleeping or out riding that enormous horse of hers at all hours of the night like a bloody lunatic. And I really, really want to get back into writing this. I still can't get at my notes from my old phone, but you know what, fuck it; I've pretty much memorised the next scene I was working on anyway - I've played it over and over in my head after all (lol) - it just needs fleshing out, tidying up and polishing. Haha, not like it really seems to matter to anyone but me at this point, but I don't care. This was all for me from the start anyway, I never thought I'd be sharing it, like... ever, so... yeah.

Anyway. The real reason I dropped in here specifically today. A blooper reel from season 2 was released in the last couple days and it contained one clip in particular that... well. It was highly relevant to my interests, let's just say. It's only a few seconds but holy shit, thank you Dominic, I will be carrying those few seconds around in my head for a long time and extrapolating them to mean/inspire all kinds of kinky, depraved, wonderful things.

(Oh, and just in case the timing thing doesn't work, it's at 1:03.)

$iframe allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" height="270" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" width="480" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dx0VXpmT6ms?start=63&feature=oembed"

