Shy Streak

Author: ascela

*000*2021-04-03 05:08

Fandom: Beyblade

Characters: Rei Kon, Kai Hiwatari

Warning: Wetting accident (omorashi)

This was written a good few years ago now, but I have a small back log of works that I'll be posting over time.

Convincing Kai to take a break for the day had been difficult. But Rei had managed it, he’d convinced the Russian blader to agree to lunch and an early movie. Lunch had been good, and Kai had seemed to enjoy the movie, so Rei was pleased. Of course this part of town was heavily populated, and now, they were trapped in traffic on their way back to the apartment they were sharing. At some point in the last few months, Kai had grown unwilling to tolerate living under the same roof as Tyson, and had invited his boyfriend to move in with him. It was a pleasant change and left them many quiet mornings and calm times. There was no loud banging at various points in the day, and no arguments. They still went over to the Dojo to train as a team, but ... well, days like this, they could get away from the fighting completely.

Today’d been great. Now, if only the traffic would clear up and let them get home. Rei was trying hard not to fidget in his seat. Kai was perhaps too-perceptive and would notice it in a moment. Rei knew that came from years of training to seek weaknesses in opponents. It was... frustrating, when he was trying to hide discomfort though, very much so. Amber eyes looked out the window, trying to focus on something, anything beyond the confines of his own mind and body, where too-much liquid was pent up. I probably shouldn’t have had that large soda at the theater. Rei thought ruefully. It had been good, but well... caffeine was a diuretic, and soda seemed to move through him startlingly fast. And that was what had him in this predicament.

“Is the traffic even moving?” He asked, trying not to sound as distressed as he felt by the serious lack of progress they’d made in the last thirty minutes or so.

“It doesn’t seem to be moving much, no.” Kai seemed... not quite amused, but there was something in the Russian’s tone that caught Rei’s attention

“A shame. I was hoping we’d get home soon.”

“We’ll get there, eventually.”

Of course, Kai wasn’t in a rush, Rei sort of was. In this crowded part of the city, there really wasn’t anywhere for Kai to pull over the vehicle and let him go. Besides that, Rei was awfully shy about using public restrooms to begin with. Never mind, he’d actually have to mention his problem to Kai in order for that to work, and he really didn’t want to do that. That would be... embarrassing, to have to admit that despite being a world-champion Beyblader he couldn’t wait until they got home. No, he really didn’t want to do that.

A shift here, in his seat, trying to get more comfortable if he was going to be trapped for a while longer. Even if the traffic cleared immediately - which it was showing no signs of doing - it would be another thirty or so minutes before they got home. That didn’t bode well for his... little problem. Rei discreetly readjusted himself while Kai wasn’t looking at him, but instead seemed to have his attention turned out his own window.

It was all buildings here, a concrete jungle. A place Rei both felt at home and did not. But then, anymore home was less a place and more... a person. Being with Kai... well, that made the discomfort worth it. As long as he managed to get to a bathroom before desecrating Kai’s car. That would be... infinitely embarrassing. Kai would probably not forgive him for that.

Several minutes passed, Rei fidgeted a little more, trying to find a position that was comfortable for him to sit in, and didn’t strain his over-full bladder. That wasn’t easy in a car, with a seatbelt pulled across his form like a good boy. The lap belt pushed against his stomach, just low enough to put pressure on his straining bladder, and the whole contraption stopped him from moving enough to get really comfortable.

Rei squirmed again, feeling exceedingly desperate. This wasn’t getting better - wasn’t going to get better until there was somewhere for him to go. This was a disaster, they weren’t getting anywhere fast! Rei took a deep breath, trying to concentrate on something out the window. Trying and failing, it would seem.

Sort of a shame that he was having to concern himself with what was going to happen if the traffic didn’t clear soon, instead of being able to enjoy every moment he got with Kai. Another glance around, hopeful that he might spot somewhere that he could seek relief given the circumstances. Residential area, mostly. There was nowhere to go, unless he planned to start knocking on strangers’ doors. A sigh. Well... he didn’t know what to do with that. Just... breathing and fidgeting a little more.

How long had it been now? A glance at the time. Another ten minutes since the last time he’d looked.

Kai was watching him, sort of, in the window. Not directly, but he definitely was watching. Apparently, he thought Rei’s restlessness was interesting. The Russian blader said nothing, though. That was... well, both a relief and not. Because Rei could see his eyes in the mirror, could see that he was watching and wondering, but not asking.

Amber eyes flicked away, unwilling to meet that crimson gaze in the mirror again. Fidgeting, and readjusting himself once again, his urge rising rather suddenly. Dangerously fast. He’d forgotten how caffeine could do that to him sometimes. Ah... actually, this was humiliating. World Class Beyblader Rei Kon, master of the White Tiger bit, Drigger, and member of the Bladebreakers, and he was sitting in a car fidgeting like a two-year-old because he needed a piss, with his boyfriend watching.

Beautiful day, Rei grumbled, mentally. And that was rather unfair, since up until a little bit ago, it had been a lovely day. And now? Not... so much. And all because this was perhaps his worst nightmare.

Another fifteen minutes and squirming really wasn’t helping anymore. Rei’s bladder throbbed, and one hand discretely gave his member a squeeze. It wasn’t discrete enough - the Chinese blader could see his captain (and boyfriend) watching through the mirror again. Rei quivered a little, biting at his lip. This wasn’t working, and he wasn’t going to make it. They were still too far from home, and there was still too much traffic. And there wasn’t a damn thing he could do about it.

“Rei...” Kai sounded a little concerned. He didn’t ask, no, he already knew. But there was a flicker of sympathy in that tone that Rei didn’t really expect. The Chinese male didn’t respond to it, looking away instead, flushing suddenly very pink.

And then, he bit down on his lip hard enough to draw blood even as the car hit a bump in the road, jarring Rei against his seatbelt suddenly. The jerk sent a shudder through Rei’s bladder, and a damp spot appeared on his blue pants as he lost control for a heartbeat, then regained it. Not fast enough, and not well enough though - another few seconds saw the tiger lose control again, a low hissing sound breaking the intense silence that held within the car. Amber eyes pressed tightly shut, almost afraid to see the look on Kai’s face now. As the hissing ceased, Rei shrank into the seat, still refusing to open his eyes.

From the seat beside him, Rei heard a quiet sigh. “Rei, look at me.” The tone was firm, but there was no real anger in it. Possibly exasperation. Hesitantly, the Chinese man opened his eyes, peeking at the Russian beside him. “Why didn’t you say something sooner?” Rei didn’t respond, but the shy, almost skittish way he ducked and glanced towards the window instead was answer enough for Kai. “You could have told me. I didn’t know it was that bad.” No, he’d known Rei had to go, but he didn’t know it was that immediate a threat.

“I thought I was okay.” Rei responded after a moment. And when he’d known he wasn’t, it was too late anyway.

“It’d be a lot less problematic if you wouldn’t hide from me.”

“It’s embarrassing to talk about.”

“...And pissing yourself in my car isn’t?” A wince, and Rei shrank again. Kai sighed. “Rei, I’m not angry. I just... I wish you wouldn’t do that to yourself.” Ahh. “It’s alright, you know.” Quietly. “We’ll get you home and you can shower and we’ll clean up the car and it’ll be okay.”

Yeah, he could tell Rei wasn’t entirely convinced. But... it would be. He’d just have to be more mindful of the neko, since apparently he still had a rather nasty shy streak. Mm. Reaching over across the seat and gently taking Rei’s hand. Home going home now, yes. Turning down this way... finally the traffic was clear enough they may actually get home sometime in the next few minutes. Ah.. little late, but well, so it went.

