AI write prompts

Author: ajt1999

*000*2023-02-23 05:56

Hello everyone,

I wanted to create a little writing challenge/ experiment using AI. Since it's becoming more mainstream I'm curious how it deals with omo and pee content in general. This post is for those who want to either use these prompts for your own creative writing or to help me explore AI writing and use them to generate more stories.

There is a few rules

1. You can't use any person with fame (streamer, celebrity, athlete, ect) for the fact it's just not right to use a person persona without there permission.

2. Make sure the person you are writing about is above legal age.

3. Please no scat. This is an experience about pee desperate and wetting.

4. Give credit to the AI engine you used. Along with what you told the AI to generate. (When I generated all of mine I used sudo writer I believe)

Now that that's done I will give you a prompt that I generated. My starting prompts are a little longer but I find them able to be expanded on and I will post my version of a story later this week along with the next prompt.

Prompt 1 ( I entered " write a story prompt about an 18 year old softball player who needs to pee during a game but cant until she gets home and discovers she has a pee desperation fetish" :

Jenna was an 18 year old softball player with a passion for the game. She was a star on her team and could always be counted on to come through in a pinch.

Today was no different. It was a close game and Jenna was up to bat. She was feeling the pressure and was determined to get a hit and help her team win.

But then, something unexpected happened. Jenna had to pee. She was so focused on the game that she hadn't realized how badly she had to go until it was too late.

She was in the middle of a crucial at-bat and couldn't risk leaving the game. She knew she had to hold it in until the game was over, which meant she had to wait three hours before she could find relief.

The hours felt like days, and by the time Jenna finally made it home, she was bursting. She ran to the bathroom and let out a deep sigh of relief as she finally relieved herself.

But as she relieved herself, something strange happened. Jenna found herself becoming aroused. She was so relieved to finally be able to pee that her body was responding in unexpected ways.

Jenna was confused and embarrassed, but she couldn't deny the pleasure she was feeling. She had never experienced anything like this before and wasn't sure what to make of it.

All she knew was that she would never forget the strange experience of having to pee during a softball game and finding herself aroused.

I hoped you all enjoyed reading this and I hope you partake in this little experiment/ challenge. I look forward to reading more of these stories and bare with me as I figured out more of where I want to go with all of this.

Take care and happy writing!

*001*2023-02-26 03:05

Hello everyone!

It's been a few days. I going to give you my second prompt now

Prompt 2: write a creative story about a female college student who discovers she has a pee fetish and then masturbates.

Here is what the AI wrote:

It was a typical Friday night for 22 year old college student, Sarah. She had just finished her last class of the week and was looking forward to a night of relaxation in her dorm room. She had been feeling a bit frisky lately and decided to take some time alone to explore her body.

Sarah closed the door to her dorm room, locked it, and set up a few candles around her bed. She then lay down on her bed and started to explore her body. She started by running her hands over her body, feeling the warmth of her skin and the pleasure of her touch. She then moved her hands to her breasts, gently caressing them and feeling the pleasure that came with it.

Next, Sarah moved her hands to her inner thighs, feeling the heat of her skin and the pleasure of her touch. She then moved her hands to her lower abdomen, exploring the sensations that came with it. Finally, she moved her hands to her clitoris and started to rub it in circles, feeling the pleasure that came with it.

Sarah felt a wave of pleasure wash over her as she continued to explore her body. She felt her breathing become more rapid and her heart start to race. She felt a wave of pleasure that she had never felt before, and it was incredible.

After a few minutes, Sarah felt satisfied and laid back on her bed, feeling the warmth of the candles and the pleasure of her own touch. She felt relaxed and content, and knew that she had just experienced something truly special. She had taken some time to explore her body and had enjoyed every second of it.

Sarah felt proud of herself for taking the time to explore her body and was excited to experience it again soon. She had just experienced something truly special, and it was all thanks to her own exploration.

###

What I found interesting is that it never mentioned anything about pee desperation at all. It just went through the masturbating part.

Thanks again for reading! Looking forward to reading everyone's response!

*003*2023-02-26 05:08

{{48 minutes ago, Holding it said:

What Ai do you use?

}}

I don't remember which one I used. I was using multiple while I was trying to research this topic. Right now I'm using sudowriter, but there was quite a few others that I used. Going to look for them and make a list of ones that work with this type of content.

