Bittersweet CandyBowl: Midnight Terror

Author: AlmightyIdiot

*000*2021-01-28 18:38

“Thanks Lucy,” in a humbled voice, she sipped the last of the water and soon escorted back to the bedroom.

This is idiotic, she isn’t a little kid, she’s a freshman in high school and she still acts like a little baby from her own dumb ghost story, thought Lucy.

“Whatever”, as she turns away from the door, “Wait, where’re you going?” Jasmine frowned, projecting her worries onto Lucy.

“Straight to hell,” and never looked back with the door shut. Across the hall is the sole bathroom in the house. She used her shoulder to tackle the door nonchalantly, however was pushed back. As she winced in pain, she wondered who was inside, she never did look back into the bedroom. She tapped on the door, to make up for what racket she made a moment ago. No response, maybe a stuck door? She fiddled with the knob, lifted the door, but that wall of wood did not nudge. Completely dumbfounded, she turned back to the bedroom and planned to sleep through the rest of the night and ask Daisy or her parents about it in the morning. Daisy and Jasmine were asleep with plenty of room at the side of the bed for her. Lucy slipped into her place to drift off.

How long has it been? Under the blanket and pink pajama dress, silky furred thighs rubbed one another feverishly. Lucy looked to her right in envy. They looked so peaceful in their dreams while she was one wrong move to incontinence. Stupid soda, stupid Jasmine, stupid door, she thought to herself. All she could do was curse whatever was stopping her from pissing at that moment. Despite not wanting to awaken anyone, her nonstop figgity jig didn't give her much choice. Jasmine rolled over to face the trembling cat, but her eyes did not open. Disturbing Daisy was tempting, however, she didn’t want to be hasty, maybe it was Daisy’s mom or dad and they were shy. With that in mind, she decided to get up and check on the door one more time before asking for help. She cautiously lifted herself, holding on to her groin for dear life to not spill on Daisy’s belongings.

Tip-toeing across the hall, she approached the door again wishing that it somehow fixed itself or else the front yard gets watered, if she could make it there. With half hopes of working, she turned the knob one more time, only to hear the clatter of the lock mechanism. The annoyed cat banged the door with her fist and sighed as that was the only way to relieve her of this burden. As she marched away, the door rattled violently. Her head swiveled at the noise and would take a step back if her legs weren’t crossed. Lucy’s eyes were as big as the volume of the clanking. Other than thinking about what could be causing this chaos, the thought of it awaking someone else in the house occurred. Maybe that would be a good thing. All alone in the middle of the night when a cacophony erupts right behind you, was this really happening? Even with a deaf ear, pain seeped into her earlobe, causing one hand to go from her screaming bladder to her droning ear.

Lost in the nightmare, she bolted her eyes shut, keeping her tears hidden away. Her fragile mind still holding on, she prayed to herself that this would end, begging for it to be over.

“Lucy!” A soft spoken voice overcame the wailing bangs, silencing the roars as sudden as they came. The cat gradually unlocked her eyes and surveyed the hallway. The bedroom door was still shut but the bathroom was ajar. Did someone come in, or did they just leave? Trepidant, she inched forward with her thoughts and bladder being the iron ball shackling her. Once again at the door, there was no way for it to be stuck finally, she was mere steps away. She knew this all too well as her legs bent down, a curtsy to counter the latest rush of pee that couldn’t wait for release. Clutching on, not wanting to mess up so close to the goal, she heads right in using her shoulder to nudge the door open.

Barely even noticing, her face smushed right into a body, bouncing herself back. The recoil of the blow nearly lost control of her footing, but her inner thigh felt the first taste of dampness. Looking up at the other side of the room hosted a peculiar sight, a cat glared at the opened way with icy blue eyes and a crooked frown with matching eyebrows. As if the white fur in front of her was see through, the toilet beckoned for Lucy’s attention. Being ignored, the being mimicked the pose of Lucy as if she was looking at the mirror to her left. If she wasn’t in such a terrible predicament, this copycat would be eating a double decker.

Lucy contorted her face in an attempt to scowl at this bitch while under the pressure of peeing. The witch did not deter, but suddenly froze. It’s eyes shrank to the size of pebbles and launched itself back at the toilet, causing waves to crash onto the porcelain and emitted an other worldly moan. Fighting fire with fire, the remaining patience she had was on the wire. The sounds were too much to bear and she wanted to join in so bad. With the last amount of strength to stop the floodgates, Lucy twisted her behind onto the sink beside her. An astounding thud was soon followed by the hissing currents blasting inches from the shallow bowl. Right as the torrent started, she swiped the loose dress, preventing any damage.

Like the form beside her, she dropped all acts of grace and shame and turned them into pure bliss, losing control of both sets of lips peeing and moaning. Her tail laid along the free space next to her and slammed against the wall in joy. This would almost be considered an accident as the ricochet of pee was hitting her ass, but she hardly had the power nor care to adjust her stance. Nothing else could be as enjo….

“Lucy!” Two shocked women stood in bewilderment at what they were witnessing. She turned her head at the door that was never closed and her blue eyes were sure to be red if she could look behind her. Daisy and Jasmine were at a loss of what to do except that Lucy used her hanging leg to kick the door shut. As the moment passed, so did what remained the contents of her bladder, the spurts fizzled out to mere drops. Leaping down from the counter top, she could still feel the wetness between her legs and saw no one else in sight. The toilet was vacant with no sign of use. As she approached it, she grabbed the loose roll and tore a sizable amount to clean herself dry. Looking back at herself with the mirror, her cheeks were pink and felt moist. She wished she could take a shower at that moment and focus on what the hell happened and calm down some more, but a knock on the door alerted her to move on.

She had no clue what the two on the other side were thinking about. Jasmine rushed passed as Lucy entered the hallway leaving only Daisy to confide to.

“So is this some exhibition work at play or…”

“No no!” Lucy shook her head. She was taking a few steps away when Jasmine goes, ”Daisy, please don’t leave! I’ll be done soon!”

As they awkwardly waited in silence for Jasmine to finish. “When you put her back into bed I’ll explain.”

A nod in agreement, the following events went as planned despite Jasmine looking at Lucy without any subtlety of disapproval. While the scenario was practically insane, Lucy decided to tell Daisy the entire spiel as they have been friends for years and she couldn’t just keep that all in her mind. She listened intently, but her face screamed skeptical of the ordeal. A deafening ruckus in the middle of the night despite no one waking up and then a mimic in the bathroom. It was a lot to take in.

“Y’know, despite looking all tough, you’re still a lil softie,” and proceeds to hug her. It was tempting to bop her on the head for that, but Lucy’s arms returned the same gesture as Daisy, “Shut up.”

*002*2021-01-28 22:05

All the official nsfw is private. I do have some of it, but due to the wishes of the creators, I will not post them. Better to make your own or commission it.

