Magical Peepee Bed Pt. 2

Author: abdlboy21

*000*2018-02-19 15:52

Original Post:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/42495-the-magical-peepee-bed/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1423258&embedComment=1423258&embedDo=findComment#comment-1423258"

My pee feels warmer than usual now, as if I was standing naked on the beach in direct sunlight. It's a nice warmth, not too hot, and feels incredible as it washes over me while I let out more and more. I feel the stream start to slow down a little...but then the Peepee fairy waves her wand. "Oh no you don't Mister! Your bed is not nearly wet enough for my satisfaction. Here you go, I'll give you a little help." My bladder fills right back up and I start peeing stronger than ever! I look down, amazed as I see the puddle now spreading to every corner of the mattress and pooling up underneath me. The dark spot that was growing on my crotch now covers my pajamas completely. The stream slows down again, and this time I sigh as I see the fairy smile and let me finish my pee. The puddle is now covering the whole bed!

She plays with the wand in her hands. "Hmm. That's a pretty good puddle! Now I will let you choose, will you receive my offer to let you keep peeing even more or will you reward my magic with your seed?" (Continue reading for choice A or skip the part 3 for choice B)

"Wow, does your magic have no end? Please fill my bladder up again!" She performs a more intricate spell this time, making very finite wand movements before finally touching the tip of it on my bladder. I feel a familiar fullness again, but this time I decide to hold it in for a bit and enjoy the feeling of a nice full bladder. I kiss the fairy passionately. "I don't know how I got so lucky to earn your favor, but I promise to always prove to be worthy." She giggles, delighted. "Then stop being so selfish by holding that pee in! Let it out." She flicks her wrist and my bladder fills to the absolute brim, becoming a little sore with urgency. I hold it in just a few moments longer to enjoy the desperation before finally giving in, peeing stronger than ever before. The pee starts to flood, spread absolutely every where but somehow not dripping off the bed. I marvel at the endless wonder of the fairy's magic. (To be cont. in part 3, the finale!)

