The Alien Abduction by Humans

Author: alleycat89

*000*2025-05-03 15:12

The two beings shimmered against the pale stone of the ravine floor, half-lost in morning mist. Survey Drone 12 hovered at a safe distance, its scanners recording everything—movement, heat signatures, biochemical markers. On the orbiting vessel Helix Arc, the research crew leaned in.

“They’re... touching,” said Maya, narrowing her eyes at the screen. “Are they fighting? Embracing?”

“Could be a dominance display,” muttered Dr. Voss, chewing a stylus. “Or mating. Heck, for all we know, it’s mourning.”

The creatures were tall, lean, and unclothed, with pale iridescent skin and long limbs. Their spines glowed with shifting patterns that pulsed down toward the pelvis—where something soft and semi-translucent appeared to link the two bodies together.

No one spoke for a moment.

“Are they—attached?” Voss asked, leaning closer.

Lieutenant Greaves didn’t wait for answers. “Tag and pull.”

The drone fired its beam.

In less than a heartbeat, the two aliens vanished from the surface of their world and rematerialized in Containment Bay 3. The room was sealed, sterile, and cold. The lights flickered to full brightness as the subjects shuddered into place on the padded platform—still bound by the strange membrane that connected their lower bodies.

The beings stirred slowly, confused. The larger one curled its toes, long limbs trembling. The smaller pressed against the floor, lips moving but producing only a soft hum. A pulse of color flickered along their spines and back again.

Maya frowned. “They’re... swollen. Look at their lower abdomens.”

A camera zoomed in. Their underbellies bulged slightly, firm and rounded, with a tightness to the skin that hadn’t been visible during the drone footage. Just below the bulges, small ventral slits fluttered open and closed.

“Some kind of... gland or gill?” Greaves offered.

Then one of the aliens trembled, and a faint leak of viscous fluid escaped.

The containment room was silent save for the soft hum of the environmental systems and the muffled sound of alien breathing. Both creatures had shifted now, struggling to sit upright despite the delicate membrane still stretching taut between their bellies.

Their postures were rigid. Muscles in their flanks trembled with restraint. The larger one braced both hands on the floor, chest heaving. Its jaw clenched tight, eyes flickering between the humans behind the glass. The smaller one writhed more openly, legs squeezing together in rhythmic pulses. At times, it seemed to vibrate with some inner effort—every motion awkward, urgent.

“What the hell are they doing?” Maya muttered, arms crossed. “They look... uncomfortable.”

“Could be atmospheric incompatibility,” Voss offered. “Or maybe the stress of displacement.”

“I don’t think it’s that,” said Greaves. “Look at the abdomen again.”

Both aliens now showed unmistakable tension in their lower torsos. The subtle bulges observed earlier had grown tighter, their skin stretched in a way that suggested internal pressure—fluid retention, perhaps. Their ventral slits twitched intermittently, but remained sealed.

“Pain?” Maya guessed. “They’re squirming like they’re in pain.”

The smaller alien curled forward sharply, arms crossed over its midsection. Its spine arched in a visible wave of muscular contraction. The larger one flinched in response, its legs spread slightly, toes curling under, hips twitching once—then again. A low, tremulous sound escaped both throats in tandem, not quite a cry, not quite a song.

Voss recorded a note.

Subject behavior suggests internal stress localized to abdominal region. Potential bladder-like organ? Neural stimulation appears autonomic. No vocalized distress.

The connected pair shifted again, straining without speaking. The membrane linking them tightened briefly as both fought the urge to move, to press harder, to resist something unseen but clearly building.

“They’re fused,” Voss said, staring at the flexible membrane between them. “Almost like conjoined tissue, but temporary.”

“Could be reproductive,” Maya muttered. “They were touching before extraction.”

Greaves frowned. “Cut it.”

Maya hesitated. “We don’t know what it—”

“Cut it.”

The robotic manipulator arms activated with a whir, descending from the ceiling of Containment Bay 3. One arm projected a narrow beam of low-heat cauterization, calibrated for biological tissue. It hovered over the membrane, then slowly made contact.

The reaction was immediate.

Both aliens arched their backs, gasping. Their ridged spines flared with bright pulses of color—blue into violet into a harsh, angry red. Their fingers dug into the padded platform. The smaller one began to emit a high-pitched, warbling tone that pierced through the speakers. The larger bared its teeth.

But they didn’t attack. They didn’t run.

They just held.

Muscles clenched. Limbs locked. Their lower bodies seized with tremors, and their abdomens pulsed visibly—tight, bloated, pushing against skin that looked one breath from rupture.

The membrane hissed softly as it separated, leaving faint traces of mucosal residue on each alien’s skin. The instant the connection broke, both beings convulsed once, curling into themselves like something sacred had been severed.

Voss scribbled another note.

Membrane removal causes full-body neuroresponse. High stress. No bleeding. No aggressive retaliation.

The smaller alien immediately slammed its legs together, rocking forward with a frantic motion—grinding its pelvis into the soft floor. One hand gripped low over its belly, as though trying to physically hold something in. The larger creature adopted a squatting posture, elbows locked to its knees, whole body quivering with restraint.

“They’re... worse now,” Maya whispered. “Whatever that link was, it helped them cope.”

The creatures’ Xal’yra slits fluttered, but held firm. Barely.

It started with a sound.

Not a cry, not a shout—just a soft, wet patter against the containment pad.

The smaller alien froze mid-motion, eyes wide, limbs trembling. A faint shimmering trail of fluid slid down from the cleft of its lower torso, catching the overhead light in glints of pale blue and pink. It was thick, almost gelatinous, and pooled slowly beneath its thighs.

The larger one reacted instantly. It surged forward—not to attack, but to hover protectively over its companion, lowering its own body between the fluid and the humans watching through the glass.

“Pause the feed,” Greaves ordered.

“No need,” Voss said quietly. “Keep watching.”

Maya zoomed in.

The fluid wasn’t blood. It wasn’t mucus. It oozed, viscous and slow, with a faint glow. From the body language alone, it was clear: the alien hadn’t meant for this to happen.

The smaller creature was trembling violently now, both hands clutched to its abdomen, as though trying to push the urgency back in. Its legs stayed tightly crossed. The Xal’yra slit still twitched in tight pulses, refusing to open fully—but the leak had happened all the same.

The larger one was faring little better. Its hips shifted, lifted, then settled again, back muscles clenching with every breath. Its belly was as tight and full as a drum. The glistening distension had only grown more pronounced.

“They’re reacting to the separation,” Maya said. “This is... a stress response.”

“Or it’s chemical,” Voss added. “Like a detox. Some internal waste function.”

“Or reproductive?” Greaves offered. “What if it’s a gamete spill?”

None of them spoke after that.

Inside the containment bay, the aliens didn’t speak either. They just held on, barely. Muscles trembling. Abdomens quivering. Eyes downcast. Every moment was a battle against release.

The smaller alien twitched again—just a subtle jerk of the hip, a shift of weight—but then it froze. Its eyes widened, locking onto its own body as if betrayed by it.

Then came the sound again.

This time, it didn’t stop.

A thin stream began to escape from the Xal’yra slit, steady and slow, trickling down between its thighs and pooling onto the padded floor. The fluid shimmered with the same faint iridescence as before, but now it came in a continuous flow, unbroken, uncontained.

The alien let out a strangled gasp—high-pitched and desperate—and doubled over. One arm clutched its abdomen, the other braced against the floor. It squeezed its thighs together but couldn’t stop the leak. The pressure had broken through.

The larger one flinched violently as if in sympathy, then arched back with a sharp tremor. A moment later, its own stream began, less hesitant—faster, pulsing slightly as its whole body rocked in restrained agony.

Maya gasped. “They’re—both of them are leaking now.”

Voss leaned forward. “Still no aggression. No attack. Just... dysfunction.”

“They look like they’re trying to stop it,” Maya added, eyes narrowing. “That’s not mating. That’s not intentional.”

The aliens were both visibly mortified—if such an emotion could be recognized in a foreign species. Their eyes no longer met the glass. The smaller one curled in tighter, rocking back and forth in a slow, rhythmic motion as the stream continued. The larger remained crouched, fists clenched at its knees, abdominal wall twitching visibly with every pulse of fluid forced from its body.

Greaves crossed his arms. “Get that analyzed. I want to know what it is and why they’re losing it.”

Behind the glass, the two beings kept leaking—steady, glowing trails of helplessness.

The smaller alien's stream began to pulse harder now, no longer a trickle—each involuntary spasm in its belly forcing more fluid out. Its legs spread without intention, just to make space. There was no grace in it anymore—just desperation giving way to defeat.

Then it happened.

Its whole body seized in one final, trembling arc—and the Xal’yra slit fully opened.

The stream surged into a flood.

A gushing, uninterrupted torrent of viscous, shimmering liquid spilled onto the containment floor with a soft, rhythmic patter. The creature’s limbs shook violently, shoulders hunched in what looked unmistakably like shame.

Seconds later, the larger one followed.

It held on longer—longer than seemed possible. Muscles corded with strain, toes clawed at the mat, eyes squeezed shut. But the tension finally broke with a low, guttural hum that echoed through the bay.

The Xal’yra dilated, and with it came a full-bodied release. The stream burst forth under intense internal pressure, splashing directly onto the pad, pooling alongside the smaller one’s output. It didn’t slow. It couldn’t. The alien exhaled in ragged gasps, body convulsing in waves as its entire abdomen visibly collapsed from fullness to emptiness.

The fluid was thick, glistening, and steam rose faintly from it in the cool air of the bay.

Inside the observation room, no one spoke for a moment.

Then Voss tapped his datapad.

Observation Log — Entry 4:

Subjects appear to possess high-capacity internal reservoirs. Both lost fluid involuntarily under stress.

Possible biological bladder equivalent breached. Composition analysis pending. Emotional distress extreme.

Through the glass, the two aliens remained on the floor, motionless now, collapsed in silence beside twin spreading pools of their own making—utterly spent.

The containment pad was soaked, the twin pools of fluid now spreading toward the floor drains. The ventilation system kicked in with a low hum, filtering the musky-sweet scent that clung to the air—sharp, alien, organic.

The aliens didn’t move.

The smaller one lay curled inward, breathing in shallow, twitching bursts, arms wrapped around its middle as though the act of emptying had somehow hollowed it out. Its Xal’yra remained slack, the muscles too fatigued to close. Its lower body glistened faintly.

The larger creature had collapsed backward, legs splayed out, chest rising and falling with ragged control. Its abdominal wall, once stretched tight and full, now appeared deflated—soft and sunken, like something essential had been wrung out of it. Its eyes stared upward, unfocused.

“They look... broken,” Maya said softly.

“No trauma,” Voss replied, scanning vitals. “No impact injuries. Just... extreme muscular fatigue and hormonal fluctuation.”

“Hormonal?”

“The scans show a massive spike in something we’re calling Compound T—analogous to adrenaline but tied to fluid retention. They were holding far beyond safe capacity. Whatever this system is, it wasn’t designed for prolonged denial.”

“So the displacement... the separation...” Maya glanced back at the footage. “We pulled them at their most vulnerable moment.”

“Likely a mating ritual,” Voss nodded. “Interrupted. Then forced to retain. Their bodies couldn’t maintain the suppression reflex under that level of stress.”

Lieutenant Greaves frowned. “If this is excretion, it’s inefficient. Too slow. Too viscous.”

“It’s not about efficiency,” Voss said. “This isn’t waste. This was something they fought to control until they couldn’t. That means it matters to them.”

Behind the glass, the smaller alien let out a low, defeated keening sound. The larger one reached over and rested a trembling hand on its side.

The room was silent now, save for the faint hiss of sterilizers washing over the floor. The two aliens remained limp and still, their fluids gradually being siphoned into collection reservoirs for analysis. The Xal’yra slits had finally begun to close, twitching faintly in response to touch or air movement, though neither alien moved otherwise.

Maya watched the screen, arms folded, eyes narrowed. “They haven’t spoken. Haven’t moved. They’re not asleep. They’re... shamed.”

“They didn’t just void,” Voss replied. “They failed. Publicly. Violently. This might be social death where they come from.”

The larger one stirred then—just barely. It shifted onto one side, arm protectively wrapped around the smaller alien. Their spines glowed faintly again, a dull, flickering pulse—not bright like before, but slow, flickering. Weak.

“Re-linking?” Maya guessed.

“Maybe,” Voss said. “It’s like they’re trying to reestablish some biological balance. That membrane we severed wasn’t just for reproduction—it may have helped them regulate more than we understood.”

Greaves said nothing. He simply tapped the control pad.

The floor beneath the aliens shifted gently, sliding the mat away to reveal a fresh, sterile one beneath. Their limp bodies were automatically repositioned by containment arms. The aliens didn’t resist.

“We’ll observe for twenty-four hours,” Voss said. “Monitor hydration, fluid restoration, any attempt at communication. Then we repeat the process.”

Maya turned. “Wait. Repeat?”

“Controlled retention. Gradual increase. Environmental variables. We need to map their capacity, their limits. Their instinctive thresholds.”

He paused. “We have to understand what went wrong—what broke.”

Behind the glass, the smaller alien opened its eyes again.

Tears—real, non-viscous, and unmistakably emotional—rolled silently down its cheek.

It didn’t speak.

It didn’t fight.

It simply reached for the other’s hand, and held on.

