Abby's First Day as Flight Medic

Author: alleycat89

*000*2023-06-28 21:17

Abby had stayed up late the previous night, organizing her equipment and preparing herself for her first day at work. But despite her sleepy eyes, Abby couldn't contain her excitement. She had always wanted to be a flight medic, and now that she was finally here, she felt like she was exactly where she was meant to be.

With a wide smile on her face, Abby got dressed in her blue scrubs and headed out the door, making sure to grab two large cups of coffee on the way. The caffeine hit her system immediately, and she felt a renewed energy coursing through her veins.

When she got to the hospital, she was met by several other medics, all standing around a helicopter that was only a few feet away. Abby was feeling a mix of anxiety and anticipation- the five-hour flight would be a long one, but she was eager to work.

&&

&&

The helicopter took off, and Abby put on her earphones to block out the noise. She looked around at the other medics, who were all busy checking their equipment and going through the patient files. Abby took a deep breath, trying to calm her nerves, before turning her attention towards the scenery outside.

The flight was a bumpy one- the wind was howling and the turbulence was intense. Abby felt herself lurching and shifting in her seat, clinging to her harness for dear life. With every lurch of the helicopter, Abby's bladder became more and more full. She tried to ignore it, focusing on her breathing and the patient charts in front of her.

But as the third hour of the flight ticked by, Abby's bladder was screaming for relief. She shifted uncomfortably in her seat, crossing and uncrossing her legs. She tried to concentrate on the patient files again, but her bladder was now all-consuming. The coffee that she had had earlier was now coming back to haunt her.

&&

Abby hesitates for a moment, unsure of what to do. She glances nervously around the helicopter, wondering if anyone will notice her discomfort. But she quickly realizes that no one is paying her any attention- everyone is focused on the patient files, busy discussing the medical procedures they will be performing.

Still, Abby can't bring herself to ask her fellow medics about what to do. She's too shy, and she doesn't want to look unprofessional on her first day. She grips her seat tightly, trying to will her bladder to calm down.

But the fourth hour of the flight arrives, and Abby's bladder is now in agony. She can hardly concentrate on the charts in front of her, her mind consumed with thoughts of finding a bathroom. Abby takes a deep breath, determined to find a solution.

&&

As the fifth hour of the flight approaches, Abby feels a sudden, sharp pain in her lower abdomen. She gasps, her hand flying to her crotch, as a sudden bladder spasm racks her body. She feels her bladder contracting painfully, and she knows that she's in trouble.

With shaking hands, Abby jams her hand into her scrub pants, pressing against her aching pussy. She moans softly, her face contorted with pain and discomfort, her eyes squeezed tightly shut. She can feel the warmth of her urine pressing against her fingers, a sign that she's about to wet herself.

Abby grits her teeth, her body wracked with cramps as she attempts to control her bladder. She feels a warm rush of urine spilling out, despite her efforts, soaking her hand and running down her leg. She groans in humiliation and despair, feeling the wetness spread around her crotch.

&&

Abby's face burns with shame as she pulls her hand out of her pants, her fingers sticky and wet. She tries to regain some semblance of professionalism as the helicopter begins to descend towards the hospital, taking several deep breaths to calm herself down.

As the other medics begin to move around the helicopter, preparing to land, Abby summons up the courage to ask one of them a question.

"Excuse me," she says, her voice shaking slightly. "What do you do if you need to urinate during a flight?"

The other medic, a grizzled veteran with a weathered face, turns to face Abby, looking at her with a mixture of amusement and sympathy.

"It's tough," he replies, shrugging. "There's no bathroom onboard, and we don't normally have time to stop at a facility. Some people just try to hold it in, but I've seen plenty of medics wet themselves during flights. Don't worry about it- it happens to everyone at some point."

Abby feels panic rising inside of her as the helicopter descends. She knows that she's out of time and that she can't hold on any longer- she has to go, no matter what. Without thinking, Abby quickly unbuckles her seatbelt, struggling to get her scrub pants off in a hurry.

&&

With her pants around her ankles, Abby squats down on the floor of the helicopter, feeling her urine gush out of her with force. She winces as the warm fluid trickles down her thighs, grateful for the fact that her scrubs are dark blue and will hide the evidence of her accident.

When she's done, Abby quickly wipes herself off with a paper towel and pulls her pants back up, hoping that no one has noticed what just happened. She turns to see the other medics busy securing the stretcher and preparing for their arrival, all too focused on the patient to notice her distress.

Abby takes a deep breath, feeling a mix of relief and humiliation. She hopes that this won't become a regular occurrence during her flights- or worse, that she won't have to face any ridicule from her fellow medics.

&&

*002*2023-06-28 22:33

{{32 minutes ago, WiiGuy86 said:

Another excellent story! out of curiosity, where are you getting the images?

}}

I've got a sequel to it I'll post tomorrow. I'm using Stable Diffusion to create them. They are all synthetic AI generated.

