The Odor of Special Friendship

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2018-12-07 03:47

Again he smelled it. Urine. Max screwed up his nose. Where was the odor coming from? Was there a sewer leak? Could Nick have peed his pants? Max glanced furtively at Nick's crotch. Doesn't look wet. Yet the very thought of his friend peeing his pants made Max's dick come alive. He pulled at his crotch to ease things.

As they rounded the corner of the student union, Max smelled it again. Now he had to ask. "Hey, Nick, do you smell anything?"

Nick sniffed. "No."

"You don't smell urine?"

"No." Buit Nick knew the source of the odor. His underpants were deliciously damp. It was his secret pleasure. He wondered how Max would react, if he knew.. Should he tell him?

They checked their mail boxes and got two soft drinks from the machine, then headed toward the dorm.

Again, Max twitched his nose. "That's got to be you, Nick. There's no one else around. Did you pee your pants?"

It was now, or never. "Yep," Nick affirmed. "I wet my underpants after math."

"What?"

"I wet my under pants. I had to go, and my bladder was aching, so I let a little out in my undies."

"Your underpants are wet right now?"

"Yep."

"You peed in your underpants?" Max's dick was hardening fast. The bulge in his pants was becoming obvious. "Cool," he said.

'You don't mind that my pants are wet?" queried Nick, his excitement mounting.

"No. In fact, I wish you'd pee a little more, so it would show, and I could see it."

"Really?" Nick couldn't believe it. Could Max actually be a fellow omo guy? Wouldn't that be great! Maybe Max would become an actual pee pal. Such special friends were hard to find.

"Do you still have to pee?" asked Max, with mounting excitement.

"YES!" exclaimed Nick, grabbing his crotch. "I haven't been since breakfast; my bladder's bursting."

"So, pee. Just relax and go in your pants." Max folded his arms and waited.

Nick stopped and tried to relax. He adjusted the crotch of his jeans. He stood still; then he felt it coming. A few drops. A little squirt. Then a flood, warming his crotch, running down his thighs.

Max watched with his mouth open, his swollen dick like a hard banana in his pants. "Well, I'll be damned."

Nick looked down at his sopping jeans. Pee was still dripping from his pants cuffs. He smiled at Max. "Do you ever, like, pee your pants?

Max stammers, denial on his tongue; but truth must out. "Sometimes," he replied, hanging his head in embarrassment.

Nick smiled. "Max, when was the last time you peed your pants? Tell me; it's okay."

Max opened and shut his mouth several time, words failing him. "W-well," he got out finally, "I peed my pants on Spring break, at the beach."

"Tell me."

"Me and this girl walked out on the beach after it got dark. The dark ocean roaring low brought on the urge. I thought, "What the hell." and let go in my swim trunks.

"What was it like?"

"Nick, it was the best feeling ever."

"Did your girl find out; did she say anything?"

"We started kissing. I reached my hand down her bikini, and she reached into my trunks, then jerked back and said 'EEEooo!' and kicked me in the nuts."

Nick shuddered. " That sucks. I guess she wasn't into omo."

"Yea. I got that message."

"Max...."

"Yeah?"

"If you pee your pants, I won't kick you in the nuts."

Max chuckled. "That's good news."

"Maybe we can, like, get together sometime, if you want to, Max," Nick stammered.

Max pulled at his still swollen crotch. "My dick thinks that's a good idea."

The odor of pee was stronger, as the two special friends walked toward the dorm.

"

"

