Alma: Delivery Disaster

Author: AlmightyIdiot

*000*2022-07-21 02:54

$$

Huffing two warming boxes filled to the brim with pizza, Alma panting hard, throws them into the back of her car and collapses at the driver’s seat.

Ok Alma, last delivery. You’re tired, but you can do this!.

Reaching into the back seat, she grabs a Beast energy drink, downing the can in one go and crushes it. Throwing it into a small trash bin, it’s been piling up with cans from earlier today.

And I better be quick with it, gotta piss.

She puts the pedal to the metal as the transmission goes into overdrive.

Going a comfortable 20mph over the speed limit through the boulevard, no car nor sign would stop her from getting this order delivered. Following her GPS directions, the estimated minutes tick down quicker than time allows as the cheetah reaches her destination. She could only await for the warm embrace of her bed back at home and have her weekend off. Tires scorching sparks on the asphalt, she drifts into the parking lot of an apartment complex.

As she steps out of the car, the chilly winds of the night strike through her exposed legs and stomach, Damn, when did it get so cold. Better find the place and get home soon.

Double checking the receipt for the door address, she then grabs the large boxes brimming with cheesy goodness.

Stumbling around with her edible weights, she curses under her breath, Geez, shouldn’t there be a big party going on with lights and music, where are they?

Crickets chirp annoyingly, almost like laughter as Alma hastily scans the doors.

The address in front of her aligns with the paper. She sets her burdensome bags down with a sigh of relief, takes a few deep breaths, and knocks on the door. It creaks open, stopped by the chain lock. “Show me the goods.” A small head peeks out from the shadowy room.

Alma bends her waist down, keeping her legs together, giving the man an eyeful of her curves.

It’s pizza, not coke. She opens the transport boxes and takes out the pies. “Mmmmm, that’s the stuff,” sniffing in glee at the scents of the food and especially the woman in front of him. “And looks like everything and more.” The man unlocks and opens the door fully, a giga sized wolf clad with nothing at all. “As such a supportive customer, shouldn’t I get a little something special?”

Donning her Pizza Slut attire, it was obvious what he wanted along with his food. Alma stares at the man blankly, her mind stuck dwelling in her own needs. Uhhhhhhh, shit. What the hell am I supposed to do exactly, wanna make this quick. Her legs take a step back, doing a slight bounce as her bladder cracks under panic. His hand softly grazes her cheek, “Relax dear, I’ll lead the way.”

“W-what do you want to-to do?”

His eyes mellow and a sly smile creeps, “I take it you’re new. Come inside with me and we’ll start with a handy.”

She takes another deep breath, Something simple and quick. I can get out of here soon enough.

His room was small, being only a bedroom and bath. Shutting the door behind them, the stranger sat on his bed, spreading his legs to reveal his erect cock. Without hesitation, the succubus runs over to his dick, gets on her knees and proceeds to play with his head. He wasn’t able to get a word out as Alma presents her excitement. Slobbering his dick in drool sucking him off, the man pushes her away, “Damn bitch. It’s not a race!” Her attempt at quickest satisfaction in the west fails. “Are you stupid, that shit felt like sandpaper! Get out of my house!” Failed spectacularly. Promptly pushed outside, she frowns at the displeased customer. Exasperated, he cools off with a sigh, “Well, there’s always a good time with pizza.”

Damn, I didn’t want to stick around, but I wanted to give him a good time at least. The excitement from earlier fades away, leaving the feline with a cold sweat all over her body and a wet patch on her thong. Feeling unpleasant in her car, she takes off her black shorts, slipping the panties off to go commando. A disgruntled sound escapes her mouth, touching the damp fabric. Into the trash it goes. Ceasing her wardrobe change, Alma wraps her hoodie around her waist. Going on her phone, she sets the coordinates back to her workplace to return the warming boxes and clock out. Ah shit, no tip. I really blew it.

In defeat, she rides back to her local Pizza Slut at the proper speed limit. Her earlier urge to go calmed as her anxiety died down. At a red light, she browses on her phone, looking at Glitter, her bestie and roommate’s texts. They were doing its magic, cheering her up, before a horn blares, a car accelerating past her. Looking forward again, she made it her goal to head home afterwards and let the bad times go away. Soon enough, Alma reaches her work place shouting a resounding, “Heyyyy!” Smiles perk up at her arrival.

“We’ll see you after the weekend?”

“Yeppers!” She tosses the bags in a back room and punches out. While I’m hereeeee, might as well make a pitstop. A cleaning in progress sign by the bathrooms No way! Of course they were cleaning up the restaurant for the next day, But why now of all times. Not wanting to ruin their tidy work, Alma makes her way back to the car with a huff. Before setting off, she makes a text to Glitter, “ Heading back home REAL QUICK Keep the door unlocked.”

Shifting around in her seat, fur rubbing against the fabric of her shorts bugs her.

I should have asked to use his toilet before we began. Her bladder’s catching up in the same breakneck pace Alma goes. Putting more pressure on the pedal, she urges her car to give it everything it has before her own urge is unbearable. Lost in her squirming, she runs a red light, blaring horns from others. Alma couldn’t afford to slow down as a spurt leaks through. Or I should have been faster getting back to the store. Ruminating over how she could have prevented this, she digs her hand into her shorts. Gotta get home gotta pee gotta pee gotta PEE!

A muffled scream barges out of her closed mouth as she presses down on herself. It wouldn’t be long until she got home, but her abdomen was practically rupturing already. Closing in on her destination, cars pile up on her route. Looking ahead, she notices orange signs and cones, “AH C’MON! You’re doing construction now!” Following the trail of slow moving vehicles, a thought plagues her mind of pulling over to squat. I mean it’s dark out, but someone could see me. I can still hold it! Alma fidgets in her seat, feeling the dampness and warmth of her hand. Barely, she thought in a pleading tone. Passing the end of the detour, Alma zooms ahead of the pack much to the annoyance of everyone there. Nearly there! Just a couple blocks. Hold it in!

Scurrying out of the car, she slams and locks the door, bolting inside of the apartment. She’s competing with herself in a race if her bladder can let loose before Alma gets in her room. Dribbling piddles of piss, the cheetah broke soundwaves climbing up the stairs to the hallway. The door already unlocked, Alma dashes into her home, makes a left into the bathroom. In front of her eyes await her porcelain throne and her roommate. Glitter blushes with a meek smile,” Welcome … home.” The throbbing pain in her bladder is like a parasite, taking control of Alma’s actions. Without hesitation, the cheetah practically rips her shorts off, beelining it to the seat. “Spread your legs!”

As Alma launches her ass at Glitter, yipping, she does as commanded, making room for both of them. Her pelvis catches the high speed impact of Alma’s thighs, pushing her back in recoil. Their torrents clash into the watery bowl. Alma exhales a long sigh of relief, she won her race. Something that didn’t go entirely to shit tonight. Glitter can feel the warmth on her lap, the fur damp in sweat and radiating piss at full blast. Brushing Alma’s extended, spiky shaped tail away from her face,

“Bleh. Long evening, huh,” Glitter unable to sit in complete silence as a newfound toilet seat. “Yeah, you could say that. Didn’t make any good tips today,” her tone sours.

“Awwwwww, it’s going to be ok Alma. I’m sure you did your best.”

Her frown sweetens up, “Yeah, least I’m the fastest cat out there in a car.”

“You’re the fastest thing out there even with these thunder thighs of yours,” the dog pinches Alma’s spots on the sides of her thighs.

“Damn, you must have been bored here. I get home and you’re already playing with my body.”

“Well, I’m just about done here and now I have to wait for your gushing to stop.”

Her need is vastly inferior to her roommate, Glitter’s casual tinkle ending as Alma has yet to show signs of ending. Alma’s face gets red, taking in the absurd situation happening.

“While you’re up there, can you get some TP for me?” The pup playfully reaches her arms out, “Can’t reach.” Extending forward, Alma grabs the fresh roll of toilet paper on the wall opposite of her. Doing so, she carelessly lifts up. “Hey hey! You’re getting it on me!” Glitter pulls Alma’s rear end back down.

“Ah, I’m sorry,” her sincere voice felt hollow as her lower end continued to spray the interior of the toilet in golden liquid.

“Damn girl, how much did you drink,” teasing her camel bladdered friend.

Abashed, “Ya know, water, morning coffee, some Beast cans. It’s more that I haven’t gone in the middle of work.”

“What do you mean some, those had to be the giga sized cups from 8Twelve.”

“Can it,” a tinge annoyed about the discussion of her bladder contents, “I can feel it end.” As she says, Alma’s long waterfall eventually dies down into spurts.

“Seriously, my legs are gonna fall asleep at this rate.”

“Shut up,” Alma continues to be provoked by Glitter’s taunts. Thankfully, the last jets of pee came through.

Standing up, she hands a wrapped up handful of paper to Glitter. “You’re free to go.”

The brown dog feels her pelvis area with paper, “Ick, it’s so wet. I’m going to hop in the shower before bed.”

Yarning, “I’ll meet you there, good night.”

Alma lethargically moves out of Glitter’s way until she pins the feline’s shoulder.

“Where do you think you’re going?”

“Bed.” Her eyes are losing the strength to stay open.

“You pissed on me, compensate.” She gives Alma puppy dog eyes.

“Ughhh, fiiiiiiine.”

The two step into the shower to clean up after a long night.

