An Unexpected Guest

Author: Astraptera

*005*2024-08-31 08:15

An Unexpected Guest Pt. 5

August 22 

Millie awoke to someone nudging her shoulder. It was Arthur, and the clock on the wall behind him said it was almost six in the evening. She could smell fresh coffee.

"Mills?" Arthur yawned. "We're meeting the other instructors in fifteen minutes."

Digitalis left the room with Millie and Arthur, breaking off from their small group when they reached the vending room.

"Text me when the meeting is over, alright?" said Digitalis, stopping to kiss Arthur. "I'll start on the food." He hugged Millie - she wasn't in the mood for kisses - and Arthur led Millie to the hotel's main lobby. From there, they met with Keyana and the three ventured down a darkened corridor without power to a wide room with plush furniture. It had a gas fireplace, around which the faculty members sat. The lounge had a picture window that gave their party a wide view of the darkening blustery evening outside. It was only six o'clock, but it was so dark that Millie thought it felt much later. She and Arthur sat together in the semicircle of warmth cast by the fireplace and waited for the meeting to begin.

After a long discussion, the group voted to meet again in two days. Half of the instructors wanted to try a new site on Blue Island, and the two supervising the geofizz crew wanted to redo about a third of their surveys.

"Well, if the weather stays cold and rainy I won't be going out," said Arthur on the walk to their room. "I'm still sore from the bus ride here."

"Are your meds working?" Millie asked. She thought about the food Digitalis had gotten and her stomach growled.

"Not as well as they could. I have..." They stopped at the door and Arthur rooted through his robe pockets for his key card. "I still have the off-world stuff I got when we went on that dig in Ud...I think six years ago, now?"

"You mean it's not expired?" said Millie skeptically.

"Nope. It has a ten-year shelf life and it's safe to use with my usual meds," said Arthur. Digitalis opened the door as Arthur raised the key card.

"I thought I heard you," he said, stepping aside to let Millie and Arthur in. "Food is almost ready. How'd it go?"

They ate sitting on the couch bed, talking while the Grisderm Homeworld weather channel showed the storm's progress on the muted television.

"So," said Arthur, sipping his tea. His lemongrass noodles sat cooling on the hotel room's bureau by the microwave. "Did you say you first saw each other naked before you were together? How did that happen?"

Millie shared a glance with Digitalis.

"It's almost like this is a vehicle for themed short stories," Millie commented. "Digit, you prepared lunch so I'll start." 

Millie flopped back on her bed, regretting it immediately when she felt how sweaty she was. She'd just moved into her dormitory and spent six hours assembling and hauling around heavy furniture, making her bed, arranging her papers, setting up her school workstation, and before that, cleaning. A flyer folded on her desk advertised a school New Year's celebration with some questionable word capitalization: "NEW YEAR 56! The CRU welcomes students and the public to Our Yearly Celebration! Eat food! Festive beverages! Make Friends!"

The display on Millie's alarm clock read 19:37. There was still plenty of time to go, Millie supposed, but she'd never had much interest in large celebrations. She glared at the flyer, grabbed her water bottle from the desk, and chugged half of it. The cold water felt good on her dry throat, and she drained the bottle.

"I'll go to the party if I'm feeling like it after a shower," Millie told herself aloud, stood up, slung some dry clothes and a towel over her shoulder, and retrieved her shower things. She refilled her water bottle on the walk to her floor's showers. Millie drank more water and topped up her bottle when she left. She'd need to pee soon, but she would be in the shower so that was okay-

The door to the showers was closed and locked with a chain and padlock. A highlighter green piece of paper labeled the showers as: "CLOSED FOR BREAK. USE FIRST FLOOR SHOWERS." 

On the opposite side of the City of Rain University campus, Digitalis wandered through the crowded common building. Outside, stalls selling festival food had been set up.

Digitalis wasn't staying at the CRU: his family owned an apartment building in the city. Though Digitalis couldn't inherit the family name, he was eligible to live there basically for free. Since the building wasn't on the Andyne Homeworld, there weren't even any differences between the legitimate and illegitimate members' apartments.

The apartment was nice; about average for a new-ish building in a large Grisderm Homeworld city. At the moment, it was sparsely furnished: Digitalis was eighteen and had just moved out of his mother's compound for the first time.

The day before, Digitalis had checked his post box in the ground floor lobby when he found a flyer advertising a New Year's Eve celebration on campus. He knew that other members of his extended Liliaceae family would be celebrating and he might even be able to get into some of those parties, but he didn't want to. He'd been to them before and they were almost as boring and long-winded as all this plot exposition.

What convinced Digitalis to attend the campus celebration from the flyer was "Make Friends!" Aside from his regular weekly calls with his father, he hadn't spoken to anyone in the past week and a half except utility service providers and his apartment's management.

Digitalis left the common building and bought several plates of food and a tall drink from an Andyne stall that had had to check his ID to sell him the drink. It was about seven-thirty and he'd had an early lunch, so he finished everything before eight, even the andyne drink, which he'd ordered at one-quarter strength to keep himself from needing to pee right away afterward.

The people at the celebration were friendly enough, though Digitalis didn't have the guts to exchange much more than passing conversations and greetings. The drink made him a little dizzy, so he set off to find a quiet place to sit until he was either ready to rejoin the celebration or go home.

Digitalis noticed a stream of people trickling out of the common building and moving toward another building and followed them. He split off from the others where they turned to fill what looked like a lecture auditorium and plodded down the empty hallway, which was comfortingly still and smelled of printer paper and ink. 

Millie found the first-floor women's showers locked. Undeterred, she tried the men's showers next door: the door was unlocked and she pushed it open to find the room empty and quiet.

"Hello?" Millie called. "Anyone in here?" There was no response, but she checked the shower stalls just in case. All were open and dry. Before choosing her stall she noticed a second entrance on the far end of the room and supposed that the women's might have a similar entrance which might be unlocked, but she felt gross and didn't want to wait any longer for a shower.

The water took about thirty seconds to warm up, and never quite got above lukewarm, so Millie washed off in mostly-cold water. 

Digitalis found a stairwell and followed it to the top floor. The Andyne drink was making him thirsty despite his full bladder. Once on the top floor, Digitalis peeked down the hallway and saw a drinking fountain. He exited the stairwell, letting the door swing shut behind him, and took a long drink of water. It was cool and refreshing and didn't make his bladder throb like he'd feared it might.

"I knew it," Digitalis scoffed to himself. It wasn't an emergency yet. He'd passed some open bathrooms on the first floor, so he returned to the stairwell. When he pulled on the handle, it didn't budge.

"Locked," sighed Digitalis. He stepped back and stretched his wings: he'd glide down if he had to and hoped that his t-shirt, plain blue sweater, and jeans would be warm enough in the winter weather.

There was a rooftop outdoor sitting area, and Digitalis wandered the hallways searching for the door that led to it. He tried the bathrooms he passed and found them locked, then tried other doors. The only unlocked doors were a broom closet, empty except for a wet floor sign, and a classroom strewn with the remains of confetti. The obvious choice, he thought as he left the classroom, was to use the broom closet. It even had a wet floor sign-

Digitalis turned the corner and saw what he was looking for: "ROOF ACCESS." He let himself out into the cold night air. Over the brick railings, Digitalis realized he could see the entire campus, both the lively noises and sparkling lights of the commons building and the well-lit but deserted walkways and quadrangles leading to the academic buildings and student dormitories. There were trees, but he thought it would be a clear path to glide.

"If I can get a little height, I can probably glide home," Digitalis told himself as he approached the railing. He heard the voice of his former flight instructor, a third or fourth cousin from his mother's home compound named Delphinium.

"This is too low to go that far," said Del's voice. Remembering it made Digitalis's stomach twist: Del had been dead for about two and a half years. Digitalis didn't want to think about it, so he climbed up onto the railing, stretched his wings, and hopped into the air. The wind caught his wings, and he skimmed the tops of the skeletal winter trees next to the student building. The cold seeped through his clothing like water while he thought he heard the partygoers whooping at him over the howl of the wind. Buoyed, Digitalis flapped his wings and gained a little height. Maybe he could go even further, he thought, curving around a dormitory building and into the branches of a tall tree.

The next ten seconds were a disjointed blur: Digitalis dropped through the tree's branches, his clothes ripping and pulling, his shirt pulling up and tangling the wing straps tightly in his feathers. Near the bottom, his jeans pulled off, taking his briefs with them. He regained his balance somehow and landed heavily on his feet at the tree's base. His landing reflex kicked in when he hit the ground, inching slowly but unstoppably up his legs. There was an entrance to the dormitory building nearby. Digitalis ran for it, desperately hoping that no one could see him.

The door to the front lobby stood open, and the interior was only slightly warmer than the outside. Conveniently, the first door Digitalis spotted in the hallway was the men's showers. He blundered in, his dick still shrinking from the cold even as his bladder slowly let go. One of the shower stalls was in use, and Digitalis reassured himself that at least it was the men's showers. He skidded to a stop at the closest floor drain - which happened to be next to the occupied shower - just in time to overflow on the tile. Digitalis successfully suppressed a moan but couldn't stop his urine from slapping and splashing on the hard floor.

The curtain in the shower stall twitched aside. Digitalis took a breath to apologize and noticed a feminine face leaning out. The person was Haman and petite, with long brown hair in a damp braid over one shoulder.

"Are you okay?" asked the young woman in the shower stall. Her pretty blue eyes looked him up and down while he stood voiding his bladder. Her gaze lingered on his shoes, which were still securely on his feet.

"Isn't this the men's showers?" Digitalis asked in a small voice.

"It is. The women's showers are locked," said the woman, unbothered. "Here, let me rephrase my question: do you need help?"

Digitalis wanted to say no, but he couldn't move his arms without pulling painfully on his feathers. "Yes. Please."

The young woman stepped out of the shower, naked, and walked around him slowly, giving his front a wide berth while he was still relieving himself. "How did this happen?"

"I um...flew into a tree," said Digitalis. "And then I tripped my landing reflex. It was an accident."

"I see," said the young woman, stepping behind him. She untwisted the feathers from Digitalis's shirt and tried to free his arm, but the fabric was too tight.

"We might have to cut it with scissors," said the young woman.

"You have scissors? In the shower?" His flow was slowing, and the shower room was chilly.

"Just a minute. When you uh..." She looked down as he stopped and let out another squirt. "When you're done with that, sit on the bench." The young woman's footsteps retreated to the door.

"You're going out there naked?" Digitalis asked over his shoulder.

"I'll be quick," she said, slipping out the door.

Digitalis finished and carefully lowered himself onto the benches that ran down the center of the shower room. His chest and arms were alternately sore and going numb in places, but with his feathers freed and his bladder emptied, he felt much better. The young woman promptly returned to the showers with scissors labeled "FRONT LOBBY DO NOT TAKE" on the handle in marker.

"I'm sorry to do this," she said, stepping behind Digitalis and surveying the fabric.

"Don't be," said Digitalis, breathing slowly. "I felt them rip when I fell."

Digitalis felt pressure as the shirts were pulled tight at his shoulders and listened to the scissors swishing until the fabric slackened. His arms fell to his sides a long moment later, followed by the young woman easing the rest of the tangle off over his head with her small, deft hands. She cut through more to get it off his wing while he tried to rub the circulation back into his arms.

"Alright, Daffodil. Where are your pants?" asked the young woman, gathering the tangled shirts in her hands. She handed them to Digitalis, who set them in his lap.

"Still in the tree, I think," said Digitalis, not bothering to correct her; he had mixed feelings toward the nickname itself, but it was nice to be talking to someone and he didn't want to ruin it. As if he hadn't ruined it by running inside half-naked and pissing in front of her, he thought. He recalled the celebration flyer again - "Make Friends!" - and sighed.

A hand tapped Digitalis's shoulder, and he looked up at the young woman, who gave him her towel. "You can use my towel until we get your pants back. " She strode back to her shower stall and dressed behind the curtain, emerging with her shower bag over her shoulder and wearing a new CRU Disco Dinos tank top and a striped pair of pajama shorts.

Digitalis tied the towel around his waist and dropped his shirts in the waste bin on his way out, following the young woman.

"Hey um..." Digitalis realized he still didn't know the young woman's name.

"Hold up," the young woman stopped at the front desk and looked at Digitalis's midsection. He was freezing and knew he wasn't hard, but he couldn't help blushing. The tree had left a long scratch across his side, ending directly below his navel. Digitalis bit the inside of his lip to hide his relief that he wasn't currently embarrassing himself.

"Stay there. I'm gonna put the scissors back and grab some antiseptic wipes," said the young woman, striding confidently around the desk. She poked through the doors like she owned the place, Digitalis thought with some admiration. The thought of going behind a desk like that made him nervous.

The antiseptic wipes were mercifully painless but cold. The door to the outside was still ajar, and they could both see their breath.

Digitalis's pants hung from the tree at chest height, his wallet, phone, and pocket change strewn on the ground underneath. One leg had a large hole in the back of the knee, but they were wearable. Digitalis pulled them on under the tree, turning away from the young woman briefly while he zipped up and untied the towel.

"Thank you so much," Digitalis said, handing the young woman her towel. Her cheeks and the tips of her ears were pink in the cold, standing out in the pale outdoor lights. "I'm Digitalis. I'm starting the Physical Professions program next semester." He held out his hand to touch palms with the young woman and his heart skipped a beat when her hand touched his.

"I'm Millicent Lee, Millie for short," replied the young woman, her face turning pinker. "Archaeology major, transferred from Spoons on the Andyne Homeworld. Do you live in the dorms or are you here for the party in the commons?" 

"And that was how you met?" said Arthur through a mouthful of noodles. Behind him, the television display switched to a commercial for specialized pen lanyards. The screen turned black and white as the commercial actress lost a pen under a chair. "How did I not know this? And what about all the water you drank, Millie?"

Millie took a drink of her tea. "We agreed to lie and say we met at the New Year celebration. And I'll get to that." 

###

Next is Millie's pov I think. 

*006*2024-09-30 21:38

An Unexpected Guest Pt 5

Aug 31 

Cold and lukewarm water cascaded down Millie's body under the shower. Part of her wanted to pee down her legs for the warmth, but she knew she'd only feel colder after that rinsed away, so she held it and stepped out of the shower to squeeze out, brush, and braid her waist-length hair. Millie was building up the motivation to step under the water for a final cold body rinse when the door to the showers slammed open and footsteps shuffled across the tile, stopping near the curtained door to her shower stall. Millie padded through the shower stall's attached changing area to peek out.

A young Andyne man stood over the drain almost directly outside Millie's shower stall, naked from the chest down. It took her a moment to figure out what she was looking at: the man's arms and bluejay wings had been twisted tightly around his shoulders in what Millie guessed was his shirt. His pants and underwear were gone, but he had his shoes on and a long scratch stretched from his side to just beneath his navel. Millie noted that the young man was circumcised as his bladder let go. The splashing and slapping on the tile was loud enough to compete with that from Millie's still-running shower, but Millie could hear the small distressed noises he was making in his throat. She shifted her gaze to his face: he was pale despite a faint winter tan, with a short mop of wavy light blue hair and strange pupilless amber eyes, which met hers. He inhaled to speak and stopped, holding his breath and staring at her open-mouthed while he pissed on the floor.

"Are you okay?" she asked, looking him over a second time and trying to puzzle out what might've happened.

"Isn't this the men's shower?" the young man - Millie inwardly thought of him as "Daffodil" because of his blue hair - asked weakly.

"It is," Millie conceded. "The women's showers are locked. Here, let me rephrase my question: do you need help?"

Daffodil did need help. He told Millie he'd been gliding outside and crashed into the branches of a tree, and an abrupt landing on the ground had triggered his "landing reflex," which was why he was currently peeing on the floor. Millie hadn't taken Interspec Bio since secondary school, so she temporarily took his word for it and made a mental note to read up on it later.

Millie freed Daffodil's feathers first, having difficulty reaching up because Daffodil was a head taller than her. She wanted to ask him to sit but decided to wait until after he finished relieving himself. In the meantime, she hurried out to borrow a pair of scissors from the dormitory building's deserted front desk. It occurred to her about halfway back that she should've grabbed the first aid kit too, but figured she'd get it when she returned the scissors. She'd chosen the pair labeled "DO NOT TAKE" hoping that meant they were sharp.

When Millie entered the showers, Daffodil sat on the bench where she'd asked him to. She felt bad about cutting his clothes, but Daffodil reassured her that they'd ripped in the fall through the tree.

Millie finally slipped and called him "Daffodil" aloud when she asked where his pants were. He didn't correct her and she tried to hide her embarrassment by retreating to her shower stall to put on her pajamas.

The two finally introduced themselves after Daffodil, whose real name was Digitalis, had put on his torn but wearable jeans outside, where they'd found them hanging from a tree. He offered to buy Millie some food to thank her and she accepted.

"I just need to put my shower bag back in my room first," said Millie.

Millie led Digitalis back into the dormitory building to an elevator. It was small and cramped, and Digitalis wedged his wings compactly in the corner.

"Millie, is there hot water in the showers?" Digitalis asked. Both of them were shivering.

"No," Millie sighed and pushed the button for her floor.

"Darn," said Digitalis.

Millie snorted, "Tell me about it. I don't have any coats that would go over your wings, but I have some blankets."

The elevator reached Millie's floor. Millie's room was just around the corner, and Digitalis made to stand respectfully outside, but Millie held the door open.

"Come in. We can tape up your pants before we go."

Digitalis sat awkwardly on the bed and used a roll of packing tape to patch the tear in his pants. Millie helped once she'd shrugged on her coat, and once that was secure, she gave Digitalis a fuzzy blue blanket patterned with yellow ducklings to act as a shawl until he could buy a hoodie in the commons building.

"I'll sew it up when I get back to my apartment," said Digitalis, slowing his pace on the freezing walkway to stay alongside Millie.

The front of the commons building was flanked by what looked like decorative metal palm trees, radiating heat for the various outdoor vendors and celebration attendees.

"You don't have to buy me food," said Millie as they passed the short avenue of faux trees, slowing down to soak up the warmth. "Now that I'm thinking about it, I want to splurge and get a lot so I have leftovers in my fridge while the caff is closed on break. Also, I'm suddenly starving and might eat it all anyway." Millie's stomach growled. Her bladder was getting urgently full, but her hunger drowned it out in the face of the aromas of fried food, burnt sugar, and spices emanating from the commons building. The smell only got stronger as they crossed the threshold into the relative heat and light of the crowded cafeteria.

"I'll buy," Digitalis insisted. "If it weren't for you I'd either be crying in the security office or crying while getting arrested for streaking right now."

"I don't think you'd get arrested," said Millie. "How's that scratch on your side, by the way?"

"It stings when I twist too much, but I did it to myself so I can't complain," Digitalis laughed. "Don't feel bad about splurging though. Really."

Millie couldn't decide which food stand she wanted to eat at, so she went with Digitalis to the student bookstore, which also sold clothing for the New Year celebration. Digitalis picked out a Disco Dino Andyne-cut sports tank top and a bright purple "NEW YEAR '56" hoodie to go over it. He bought Millie a hoodie as well, and she opted for the same bright purple as Digitalis.

Digitalis had his heart set on Renoige sticky sweet rice for what he called his "emotional support carbs" and Millie got a family meal. The tables in the caff were either full or had sugary New Year drinks spilled all over them, and Digitalis suggested that they go to another of the buildings. Millie followed him. They carried their food to one of the larger buildings where a professor was hosting people in one of the lecture halls. Digitalis bypassed that hallway and paused to pick up a stray doorstop before stopping at the stairwell.

"Where are we going, exactly?" Millie asked Digitalis.

"There's a rooftop sitting area," said Digitalis, taking a sip of the ice water he'd gotten with his order of sticky rice. "It's where I flew from before I...um...crashed."

Millie glanced a bit further up the hall. "Can we use the elevator?"

The elevator was compact, but not so much that Digitalis couldn't relax his wings. Its doors opened on the top floor to a glass breezeway that connected the outdoor seating area and the indoor hallways.

"How did I miss this?" said Digitalis, stepping out after Millie. Millie stepped forward and tested the door to the darkened hallway. It was locked.

"What a weird place to have a breezeway," Millie commented, holding the outside door for Digitalis. He propped the door open with the doorstop before continuing to the seating area. This area was at the opposite end of the building from where Digitalis had glided from the roof, and the view was of the celebration at the front of the commons building. Millie and Digitalis chose a picnic table overlooking it and started eating. Their hoodies were warm enough in the cold with the hot food, and the thumping bass from a speaker somewhere below seemed to punctuate their conversation.

While they spoke, Millie learned that Digitalis lived off-campus, about twelve blocks away. He was half-human, and so hadn't inherited his family name despite one of his parents being a full member. Millie didn't ask which out of politeness; she'd mostly known off-world Andynes growing up and didn't want to ask in case it was considered rude.

Somehow, the conversation veered to sewing again, and Digitalis began expounding on the difference between certain types of stitches and which sewing machines lasted the longest without needing repairs. Millie tried her best to listen, but she found herself focusing on squeezing her legs together. Her urethra throbbed warmly and she clenched up, glancing around frantically. Part of her wanted to pee off the roof, but the celebration below was in full swing and the railing was too high anyway. The seating area had about a dozen ornamental planters with native bushes and trees, somehow still leafy in the middle of winter.

"Hold on, Digit," Millie said, sounding shockingly calmer than she was, and gingerly removed herself from the bench, trying not to bend unnecessarily and compress her bladder.

"What's wrong?" Digitalis stood up and mortifyingly, followed Millie around the side of the nearest planter. The naked concern on his face only made it more embarrassing, but she'd waited too long and couldn't stop what was coming. 

Arthur snorted to Millie, "That does sound like you." He turned to Digitalis. "Rabb and I tell her off for it at least once every trip."

"Not this trip, though," Millie said primly and sipped her tea. Talking had dried out her throat, and she still had her dessert: a pancake wrapping a cube of purple sweet potato jelly.

"Only because Rabb isn't here this time to tell you off," Arthur pointed out.

"What's she doing for winter break, anyway?" asked Millie. "I haven't checked my e-mail yet."

"Visiting Saoirse in...what was the place called, Digit?" Arthur asked Digitalis. "The place she called us from a few weeks ago?"

"Mums said Saoirse called us from a city called 'Nilbog,'" said Digitalis, sitting back on the couch bed. "I remembered it because it's the word 'goblin' backwards."

"She's staying with her mysterious partner right now, a ways south of that communication hub," Arthur explained. "I don't remember what Sersh asked about, but I got to speak to the wonderful green-haired lady she's always gushing over during summer digs after she's had a few beers. It makes me feel special, knowing that I got to talk to her first...We're getting off-topic, though."

Digitalis, who'd finished his dinner and dessert in the time Millie had been talking, continued the story of how he and Millie met while Millie unwrapped her pancake. 

###

Leaving in the error. This is really part 6 but I've spent a month writing part five. Whoops. Also I forgot what Saoirse was asking Arthur about. Something about Ud and the World Sleepers facility or something plot-y. I need to go back and read my own work. I listen to audiobooks at work - it's a great way to discover Discworld - and a few popular authors tend to have wobbly timelines, which makes me cringe. I should probably go back and re-read stuff to avoid that. 

*007*2024-10-20 18:22

An Unexpected Guest Pt 7.

Digitalis thought he'd been hogging the conversation, gushing about his most prized possession: his sewing machine. His father had ordered it from a company on the island state of Gyallp that specialized in vacuum cleaners, root beer made from dagger root, and sewing machines.

"It has a setting where if you find it, it sews a string of stylized alligators in hats," he told Millie. She'd stopped eating and twisted on the bench seat across from him.

"Hold on, Digit," Millie grunted, and extricated herself from the bench. Thinking she was about to be sick - she'd just inhaled roughly half of a Renoige family meal and most of her drink - he followed her around one of the decorative planters, which held leafy winter erythrum bushes and Seussian-looking dwarf cedar trees. Digitalis gathered up Millie's braid as she turned her back to the planter. He didn't expect her to slam down her pants as she sat down.

Digitalis's brain finally caught up, and he tried to look away, his wings tightening nervously at his back. His eyes fell on Millie's pants and underwear. The crotch was wet, and his stomach did a backflip.

"Get out of the way," Millie gasped, unleashing a strong spray on the ground and Digitalis's taped-up pant leg. Millie's urine slapped and pattered against the clear packing tape. Digitalis could only stand there dumbly, holding Millie's hair and letting Millie's pee hit his leg, soaking down into his shoe. Millie gave a long, gusty sigh, her breath steaming up in the chilly air. She swiveled her hips to aim the spray away from Digitalis, who moved his shin back into her range.

"That feels nice out here," said Digitalis. His heart was pounding. The hem of Millie's oversized hoodie hovered dangerously close to getting wet, so Digitalis gingerly placed Millie's braid back onto her shoulder and lifted the front of her sweatshirt by the kangaroo pocket. It wasn't enough to see anything, but it was enough for him to feel the warmth from her stream radiating against his hand.

"What were you doing with my hair?" Millie asked breathlessly. Her face was red but calm.

"I thought you were about to throw up," said Digitalis.

Millie blinked. "Oh. That makes sense. You wouldn't have followed me over here just to get peed on."

"I'm not complaining," said Digitalis. "I'd rather have a pretty girl pee on me than-" He realized what he'd said, blinked, trying not to panic, and pushed on. "-than get thrown up on. Plus, it would be a waste of some fabulous Renoige food."

"It would be," Millie sighed. Her stream slowed but didn't stop, though the arc lowered enough for Digitalis to let go of Millie's hoodie. "I've been busy with moving and I've just been putting off going to the bathroom for a while."

"What do you mean by a 'while?'" Digitalis asked. "This is a lot for a 'while.'"

Millie looked thoughtful for a long moment. "I um...I drove up to the building at ten and...not since before ten, I guess," said Millie. "Since then I've gone through two large water bottles and three cups of the stalest tea I've ever had. It's not great, but it's free in my building's lobby."

Digitalis imagined Millie drinking tea and sticking out her tongue to show she didn't like it, and the thought made his bladder throb sympathetically. "You must've been desperate since...wait, you didn't pee in the shower?"

Millie's flow slowed further to a fast trickle, and she relaxed, sitting up on the edge of the planter. "I didn't want to lose the body heat," she said, shrugging.

"Oh yeah," said Digitalis. "I remember asking now, in the elevator. You said there was no hot water."

"I should've asked you to pee on me instead," Millie snorted. "You were right there."

A heavy throb in Digitalis's crotch strained against his pants. He wished that she hadn't said that. Digitalis couldn't help remembering what she looked like naked.

"A-actually," Digitalis gulped. "I've had dagger root, so it wouldn't be safe for me to pee on you." He didn't dare look down, then he did. He had a massive erection, pointing right at Millie. He hastily cupped his hands over it.

"Do you need to go again?" Millie asked, following his eyes.

"I...yes, but..." Digitalis half moaned. Millie seemed mildly interested rather than disgusted. The words seemed to bunch up in his mind and he didn't know which he wanted to say first. He gave up. "I'm sorry."

"You don't have to be self-conscious about it," said Millie, looking up at him. Her blue eyes twinkled, reflecting some of the party lights from the commons building. "I've already seen you pee once. I can turn my back if you'd like some privacy, though."

Digitalis glanced around. The potted plants were unusually lush for the winter. The one Millie sat on was as good as any. He stepped sideways and faced the planter a short distance from Millie. "It's okay. Heck, you could help if you wanted," he tried to joke, mortified as each word came out of his mouth. He meant them, but that was-

"You'd let me do that?" Millie asked. Digitalis couldn't quite read her calm expression.

"I would..." Digitalis tried to think of a way to walk his comment back but his mind was a horny pink haze. He tried harder, and the effort produced an image in his mind of Millie's face in the showers, watching him lose the contents of his bladder on the shower room floor. Her expression had been coolly bemused, but he hadn't gotten the impression that she was judging him. His stomach fluttered.

Millie waited a few seconds for Digitalis to finish his fractured thought. When he didn't, Millie said, "May I?"

Digitalis nodded, making a strangled noise in the back of his throat. Millie reached out and gently pulled him closer. She scooted over a bit, wetting the planter.

"You're shaking," Millie commented, pushing up his hoodie. He took it and held it up with one arm. "If you don't want to do this, that's okay."

"No-no, I want to," Digitalis squeaked. Millie unbuttoned his pants and pulled them down just past his butt. "I just can't believe I said that."

Millie pulled down the elastic of Digitalis's underwear, and he felt the cold air on his groin. It was a shock, but his dick softened a bit - he felt oddly embarrassed about being hard in her hand. He didn't stay soft for long though: Millie gently grasped his member and aimed it at the glossy branches of an erythrum bush.

"Tonight's been pretty weird," Millie agreed. "Nice, but weird."

Digitalis somehow pushed out a few drops of urine. The drip picked up into a reluctant stream, but it didn't last long. He could feel his heart pulsing against her petite, warm hand.

Millie pointedly glanced down at Digitalis's erection, then back up at him. "Digitalis," she said, her cheeks turning pink. "If you want I can go further-" Millie illustrated this by sliding her hand around the shaft. "But I don't want to be touched. I don't mind doing the touching, but I don't enjoy sexual contact myself. May I?"

Digitalis nodded. A cold wind blew across the roof, and he spread one wing to shield them both. The feathers were shaggy and bunched in places, but it worked. Digitalis raised a hand to smooth some feathers when Millie began fondling him. He hadn't masturbated in a while, and his body reacted eagerly. The hand attempting to smooth his feathers lost coordination and he gave an ungainly moan, his hips rocking against Millie's steady motion. The arm holding up his shirt tightened while the other pawed aimlessly at the tangled feather shafts. He gave up and clamped that hand over his mouth to keep from crying out.

It was over too soon; Digitalis wished Millie would squeeze a little harder, but it only delayed the inevitable by about five seconds. Millie braced his butt with her free hand and pointed him into the shadows of the erythrum bush. She kept going after the initial burst, and more came out. It kept coming and seemed to go on for several minutes, though it couldn't have been longer than twenty seconds.

When he was capable of coherent thought again, Digitalis's knees were shaking, and he stood panting, hot, and sweaty. He found that he'd bitten his hand, not hard enough to draw blood, but the next morning he would notice a small ring of bruises on the heel of his hand. He felt pleasantly warm despite the sweat, and flinched a little as Millie flicked the last drops of cum into the bushes.

"Have you done this before?" Digitalis panted, staggering to Millie's other side and slumping down on the side of the planter. He sat in a wet spot from Millie, but didn't mind; his leg was already soaked.

"Well yeah," said Millie. "That's how I know I don't like being touched."

"Oh uh..." Digitalis hadn't considered that Millie might have a partner, and asked.

"No," said Millie. "My last partner stayed in Spoons when I moved to the U of Mysterious Shirt in fifty-four. Neither of us wanted a long-distance relationship, so we ended it." She pulled up her pants. Her hoodie covered the worst of the wet spots. "Are you finished?"

Digitalis zipped back up and they packed up their food: Digitalis still had about half of his sweet rice, and Millie had plenty of leftovers. When they reached the rooftop breezeway, Millie decided to test the door and convinced Digitalis to let it shut between them with her outside. Digitalis was dimly aware that he needed to pee again, but he figured that if he didn't think about it, he could at least wait until he'd escorted Millie to her building.

"It's locked," Millie said through the glass after tugging at the door handle. Digitalis let her in and they called the elevator using the button.

"I've heard the Renoige food stand is from a restaurant in town," said Digitalis, reading the numbers on the floor buttons to distract himself. "We should try it before the break is over."

"Let's do it," Millie replied. The elevator dinged and the doors opened. Millie switched her bag of food to her other hand to push the button for the first floor. It briefly occurred to Digitalis that he could pee in the breezeway, but by the time the thought had fully formed, the elevator doors had closed. The urge to pee intensified again, and he tensed up. Surely he could hold it until they reached the first floor.

Arthur and Millie's phones went off within seconds of each other in their pockets.

"Hold up, Digit," said Arthur, reading the screen on his. "Keyana says everyone's meeting for hot drinks in the cafe."

Millie read aloud from her phone's screen: "If we show our hotel receipts, we can get two free drinks and a baked good each and unlimited tea at the hot drinks bar." She paused and looked up at Arthur and Digitalis. "Hot damn."

Arthur and Digitalis thought hot drinks sounded good. They were all finished eating, so they cleaned up and set off for the cafe.

___

Why yes, I did call you Shirley. I've been extremely busy, but still got another part of Chib and this done.

*008*2025-03-22 19:54

An Unexpected Guest 8

Millie woke at a quarter to five in the morning and looked outside through the heavy curtains. In the weak early morning light, the wind was still howling, the rain was still sideways, and what she could see of the surrounding area was covered in broken branches and a few smaller boats that had washed ashore on the tide. She didn't want to think about what the camp her group had left at Blue Island would look like.

Digitalis and Arthur were still asleep, but they'd left their spare room key on the side table for Millie. She decided to get up and explore the hotel, and pulled on her coat: the hallways and rooms without power wouldn't have heating. The display on her phone read 04:48 when she grabbed it. Millie sent her daughter a quick text message, left with the spare room key, and decided to find the room she'd been assigned first, number 217.

The Lodge had three floors, and 217 was on the second floor of the Lodge's north wing. Millie padded out to the lobby, quiet and empty except for the snoozing desk clerk, whose soap opera on a compact screen behind the desk was the only noise competing with the howling wind outside. Millie recognized the theme song of The Bulbs and the Beautiful, a drama about an Andyne family who sold designer tulips. Craning her next to look, she saw that it was the episode where one of the daughters-in-law found that she had a long-lost identical twin sister who was also a rock star named Morgan Oregon. She was the same actress in a long curly blue wig and darker makeup. Millie thought she looked good with blue hair.

Not wanting to watch for too long and possibly wake the desk clerk, Millie moved on.

The north wing was the "scenic wing," and sat along a rocky beach, facing the sheltered Elyitt Bay. The entire wall facing the beach on the first floor was glass, looking out on the normally picturesque water and the less picturesque rocky beach. Seemingly to make up for that, the lounge area had a banked area of sand. The sand was the local volcanic black sand and sparkled as she passed, neatly leveled and raked into a smooth surface. Beach chairs sat on the sand, the raked lines surrounding their legs like ripples. The concrete lip that contained the sand was surrounded by a blue tile floor, separated from the hall carpet by an artistically curving threshold. Small areas of the sand, encircled by rocks, housed little plots of leafy creepers, shaggy long grass, and lavender plants. Millie was tempted to cross the smoothed sand and "water" the plants, but she didn't need to go that badly, and it would leave marks on the sand. Best to leave that for later, she thought to herself.

Mille was beginning to rethink her decision not to water the plants when she finally located the stairs. It only took her about two minutes, but thinking about the need to pee during her search rapidly made it worse.

Skinny vertical windows along the outer wall illuminated the stairwell. The sky outside was a dirty yellow-gray, casting fuzzy shadows in the stairwell. Millie's footsteps echoed faintly, and the door to the second floor didn't creak when she pulled it open with a puff of chilly air. Millie heard the door at the bottom of the stairwell open as she crossed the threshold.

The door opened directly into a semi-outdoor second-floor sitting area: an irregularly shaped coastal prairie garden with cottony flowers, local evergreen seedlings, and low shrubs. The paved sitting area with fish and fossil shapes imprinted into the floor sat in the middle of the garden and extended under an ornate screen to an outdoor deck area. A stylized metal screen was patterned with local flora and fauna, and let in air and sound from outside. The rush of the water made Millie's urethra feel warm, and she turned to her salvation: a glass door that led to the outdoor evergreen portion of the nature garden.

Regular trees were too heavy for the deck, so roughly half of the clusters of evergreens were just metal silhouettes. Millie sprinted behind one, hooking her thumbs into her waistband, Millie squatted and pulled down her pants in one movement.

The cold wet wind whipped at Millie's hair while piss warmed her vulva, splashing to the artistically pebbled decking. She was starting to relax and enjoy the relief when the glass door opened behind her. Before she could turn, a pair of black wings blocked the light to her right.

"There you are," said Arthur, stopping casually next to Millie. The tension in Millie's body eased, and she sighed. Looking tired, Arthur held up one wing to shield them from the wind. He wore his CRU hoodie over his pajamas and pulled up the hood. "Your early morning ritual?"

Millie's flow ran out and she sat back on her haunches, letting herself drip. "I don't do it often enough to be a ritual."

"No one said rituals have to be often," Arthur yawned. "Or even done regularly."

Millie gave Arthur a playful mock frown, letting one last burst of urine onto the deck. The warmth felt good. "Fine, but it's still not a ritual. I didn't get to stay here before we caught the ferry, and I'd like to see the place."

Arthur snorted, "If you say so." He shifted to block more of the wind with his wing. The temperature outside was pleasantly cool for summer, and without the wind, Millie enjoyed being on the deck with her old friend until she felt she'd dripped enough.

"Do you need to go too, Arty?" Millie asked, yawning and stretching. "And where's Digit?"

"He's asleep," said Arthur. "I got up to take my allergy pill, and I heard you leaving. I can't sleep with this headache, so I thought I'd see what you were doing. If we were in camp you'd get written up as a bad bathroom buddy."

Millie sniffed, looking around the bay while she pulled up her pants. "No. You don't have the seniority to do that, and it would be my first offense. That's a warning and a lecture, at worst. Did you need to pee? If you do, please do it now. It's chilly out here."

"Well...yes, but I promised Digit I'd save it for him," said Arthur, fidgeting. Now that Millie was looking, Arthur was shifting his weight in the way he always did when he had to use the bushes at a dig site.

"I was planning on getting some tea from the vending room," said Millie. "It's still early. We can both fill up and I can join in."

Arthur took a slow, deep breath, glancing out at bay. The storm would pick up again soon, and they needed to get inside. Arthur nodded to Millie and turned slightly, smartly whipped out his dick, and loosed a bright yellow arc through his foreskin. He was a little shrunken, but it was cold out and he wasn't feeling that well.

"I think Digit would like that," Arthur sighed. He stopped about thirty seconds later when the sparse rain quickened and he and Millie had sprinted for the door.

The semi-indoor screen area wasn't completely safe from rain spatter, but it was much better than getting soaked outside.

"Mind if I relieve a bit more pressure into the grass?" Arthur panted, pushing his hood back.

They stood on the stone border of a rectangle of dirt containing native grasses. The soil was moist from the rain spatter, and a wet spot wouldn't stand out for long. Rain hammered on the deck outside. Millie watched unabashedly while Arthur pulled down his waistband and aimed down.

"It's going to take a few seconds," Arthur told Millie sheepishly. While he waited he adjusted his wing to screen them from the stairwell if someone else came up. The wing closest to Millie had some tangled feathers, and Millie smoothed them. As Millie worked, Arthur had shifted.

"That's enough, thanks," Arthur said quickly, and Millie stepped back. Arthur's dick was still soft, but noticeably more swollen than it had been. Despite that, Arthur finally managed a stream with a grunt, pattering on the dirt while the rain pummeled the deck and the building. A mist of fine water particles drifted through the screen and struck their hands and faces, and Arthur pulled in a wing to protect his more sensitive parts. The din from the weather didn't quite blot out Arthur's long sigh of relief as his stream slowed. It was still going when Arthur finished and shook off. Neither he nor Milly spoke until they entered the building's stairwell. The thick metal door cut off three-quarters of the noise cleanly as it

"Did you want to do more exploring?" Arthur yawned. "Maybe see what's on the top floor?"

Millie shrugged. "Let's go to the nearest vending room with power and see how we feel."

"Did you visit the room you were supposed to stay in?" asked Arthur, stopping halfway to the first floor.

"I was going to, but I had to pee." Millie stopped beside Arthur on the stairs. "Want to?"

Arthur considered it for a moment. "We have time. I'm up for some adventure."

The rain had let up when they returned to the second floor, following the room signs.

"That's it," said Arthur. "Two-ten to two-twenty."

Millie led the way down the dark hallway. The only light sources were the daylight from the screened area and another window near the end of the hallway. Room 217 was close to it and the door was well-lit. Next to it, a fire suppression module was set into the wall, but there wasn't anything else noteworthy.

"Did you have a room key?" Arthur asked. "And do you have your room key? Otherwise, we'll have to wake Digit."

Millie pulled Arthur and Digitalis's spare room key out of her pocket and tried it on the door. The red "locked" light flashed and the door stayed firmly shut when she tried the handle. Millie hadn't expected it to work, and they left somewhat dissatisfied with room 217.

In the vending room, Arthur bought the largest bottle of tea he could find. Millie located a box of tea bags and purchased an equally large water bottle: it was free and tasted better than the local tap water, and she preferred it for brewing tea.

Digitalis was still asleep when they returned, and they sat on Millie's folding bed, watching the weather channel while they drank their tea.

___

No art because I wasn't expecting to finish this today, or for a long time, maybe ever; I put all my energy into another story where the protagonists accidentally meet and stay in the same hotel room for days due to bad weather. This is the same world too: The City of Last Resort is south of the City of Bats, and further south from the City of Stone, where Ulli's from in the current flashback in Chib. I'm still working on a buffer for Chib, so that'll be a bit. I'm trying to get my head around what a big group rendezvous would look like.

Also I just realized I have two Part 5s. The second one is actually part 6. For some reason I can't go back and edit that.

*010*2025-08-04 22:58

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

I missed this chapter when it was first posted and just now noticed it.

Have you posted this story anywhere?

}}

I think I was talking about Alvin and Ulli from the end of Chib? I'll need to check next time I edit, but I think that was it.

*011*2025-08-14 06:30

An Unexpected Guest 9

Millie's phone vibrated at eight forty-six. Arthur sat on the opposite side of the couch from Millie, slowly fondling himself over his clothes with his fingertips. The Bulbs and the Beautiful was still on, so Millie had flipped to it. Morgan Oregon danced on a stage, singing a song about "ambition and verve." Questioning the use of the word "verve" in a song, Millie muted the television. Arthur looked up.

"Obi says this is one of those transcontinental monsoons," Millie yawned, reading from her phone screen. "Road travel is possible if we want to leave, but ferries and airships are grounded until it's gone. Everyone's meeting up at the cafe for lunch tomorrow to decide what to do as a group."

"That gives us time to decide what to do if they cancel the trip early," said Arthur, trying not to sound breathless. He was already squirming; he'd consumed three-quarters of his cold tea in the past hour, with two cups of hot brewed tea made by Millie. Millie had methodically sipped her way through five mugs of tea in the same time frame. She was working on her sixth and felt pleasantly warm, but she didn't need to pee yet. "Now if only Digit would get up."

"How much longer can you hold it? I can wake him now if you need me to," Millie offered, picking up her mug.

Arthur took a deep breath, gripping himself. "I can-..." He stopped, took another breath, and gasped, "Yes. Please. Tell him I'll change the sheets."

Millie finished her tea and nodded. "Do you need help getting up?"

"I'll be okay, it'll just take a second," said Arthur. The hand in his crotch rubbed restlessly while Millie stood up.

Millie entered the dark, cool bedroom and crossed to the lamp. Digitalis was asleep on the left side of the bed, sprawled like a bluejay-winged starfish in Arthur's absence. He pulled the blanket over his head when Millie turned on the light: it started bright and had to be dialed down, and Digitalis peeked out as the light faded.

"Millie?" Digitalis stretched slowly and sat up in one graceful, athletic movement. He was naked and a little shriveled from the cold air, but preened sleepily when he noticed Millie looking. "What's up?"

"Arthur and I," answered Millie. "Arthur needs to relieve his bladder urgently, and has told me to tell you he'll wash the sheets."

Digitalis snorted, "Tell him I'll change the sheets."

"No, no," said a voice at the door. "I'll change them." Arthur stepped into the room, clutching at himself.

Digitalis sat back and threw back the blankets, raising his wings onto the headboard to keep them dry. "We'll both change them...Whoever comes first could carry the sheets to the laundry room?" Digitalis suggested.

"I can live with that." Arthur approached the bed, shaking with a small but spreading wet spot in his pajama pants. "Millie, could you untie this?" He raised his shirt so Millie could untie his waistband. He hadn't panicked and pulled it tight, so it was easy to pull the thread and tug down his pants.

"May I?" Millie asked. Arthur's cock sprang out from behind his waistband, dribbling as he overflowed.

"Please." Arthur straightened and raised his arms and hoodie to let Millie take control of his flow. Arthur's shoulders sagged and he gave a long, shuddering sigh of relief, soaking Digitalis's front.

Digitalis yawned, "That feels nice. It's cold in here."

Arthur's dick was stiff, hot, and heavy in Millie's hand. She liked feeling his pulse and playing with his foreskin, pulling it slowly back from the head. It made his body flinch and tighten subtly. "I think it's the humidity," Millie commented, steering the hot stream over Digitalis's clavicles.

"Yeah," Arthur grunted. "The weather channel says it's-" he shifted in Millie's grip as he pushed on his bladder. "It's going to be colder than yesterday, too."

"I see." Digitalis looked up and smiled sleepily at Arthur, sitting up while Millie aimed the stream further down. Digitalis motioned to Arthur, who bent down and met his face for a kiss. "Good morning, Bear."

"Good morning, Millie," said Digitalis. She leaned down, kissed Digitalis's temple, and allowed him to kiss her on the cheek. In Millie's hand, Arthur's flow was slowing.

"May I kiss you?" Arthur asked Millie.

Millie considered it and nodded. Arthur bent to kiss her cheek, and when he straightened up, Millie noticed that he'd stopped and started to shake him off.

"Wait a sec," Arthur grunted. "There's more." Another burst wet Digitalis's front and Arthur stretched upward, still holding up his shirt and exposing his flat belly. Millie had a brief urge to poke him in the belly button and refrained, shaking the last drops of urine onto the bed between Digitalis's thighs.

"Do you need to go yet, Millie?" Arthur asked.

"Not yet," said Millie, absently playing with Arthur's foreskin. Arthur gasped, but didn't pull away. "I'd like to pee in that coastal garden again."

"It's almost nine in the morning, Millie," Arthur grunted. "Maybe tonight? It's not like we're going anywhere." As if on cue, the wind whistled outside the bedroom window.

"What does that have to do with it?" Millie snorted. Arthur's pulse was gradually quickening against her fingers, and the twitches were turning into small jerks and gasps. Digitalis sat back and looked on contentedly, caressing the back of Arthur's thigh. His light touch made Arthur moan.

"We're not-" Arthur paused to take a breath. "We're not supposed to be up there. And we're more likely to get caught during the day."

In Millie's pocket, her phone buzzed. She reached across herself and took it out with her free hand. Only on the Grisderm Homeworld could you be practically stranded and disconnected from the main power grid, yet still have perfect reception on simple flip phones. Millie didn't know how it worked, but she didn't need to know to curse it.

Millie gripped Arthur's cock while she opened the phone, and felt him pushing against her strokes as he craned over to read the screen.

"They can use the satellite network for that?" Arthur breathed.

The phone vibrated. Millie tightened her grasp, and Arthur moaned louder. "Call incoming," Millie announced. The caller ID included the little three-person icon. It would be a conference call.

"That's not the only thing coming," said Digitalis, smiling at Arthur. One-handed, Millie deftly flipped her phone over, popped open the back, and levered the battery out of place with her thumbnail. She snapped it back, closed the battery compartment, and stuck the phone in her pocket. She could stretch out the reboot time to just under five minutes if needed, and that was plenty of time.

"Harder," Arthur grunted, dripping clear fluid onto the sheets. Millie could tell that Arthur wanted to thrust and did as he asked. "I thought-...I thought you were going to...going to...-"

Digitalis knew what was coming and scooted closer just in time for Arthur to explode down his chest.

"Keep it up," Digitalis told both Millie and Arthur. Millie nodded, grinning, and a second and third spurt erupted, some hitting Digitalis's chin. Millie kept going until Arthur touched her hand, signaling her to stop. She let go and stepped back, watching her phone screen light up as she restarted it.

Arthur sat down heavily at the foot of the bed. "I thought you were..." Arthur gulped. Digitalis handed him a half-full bottle of water from the bedside table. Arthur downed it in two gulps. "Thanks, Digit. I thought you were about to answer that conference call for a second."

"No. But I'll have to call them back after it boots up," Millie sighed. "From Obi's text, I think some of the instructors from CSU want to take a boat out there to check on the campsite. One of Obi's students says that the weather service is about to update our regional satellite images."

"That's assuming it's not cloudy, though." Arthur lounged against Digitalis's shoulder. He'd had a lot of tea and felt the post-orgasm need to pee building. Arthur had let out a lot, but there was still more. Digitalis would need to go too, and Arthur wanted to suck his dick first.

"Otherwise, it sounds good. Safer than physically going out there." Millie agreed. Despite having had more tea than Arthur, she still wasn't acting like she needed to pee. "I'm going to take the call and send some texts from the living room. Don't wait up for me," said Millie. "I'll tell them you're in the shower if they ask," she told Arthur.

"Thanks. But what if you need to pee?" Arthur asked.

"I'll come in here," said Millie absently. Her phone vibrated and chimed. Not a call, but there would be one any second. "I promise. Don't wait up for me, though." Millie left the room.

Digitalis sighed. "There she goes. She'll be back soon en-...oh." Arthur stopped him by grasping his cock. Digitalis pushed it against his hand reflexively.

"We'll figure that out if and when it happens, Digit," said Arthur. "For now, I would like to suck your dick, please." Arthur squeezed Digitalis's shaft slightly, and Digitalis's laugh mixed with a moan.

"Well, I can't say no to such a polite request," snorted Digitalis.

Digitalis lay back with his legs spread on the bed, and Arthur fell upon him without hesitation. Digitalis was more than ready for it, and didn't stop the quiet moans in his throat while Arthur tried to take it slow, moving his tongue at a measured pace. Arthur was doing well until the door opened.

Millie walked in with her phone to her ear. She wasn't wearing pants, and the only indication of urgency was a slight bounce in her step and furrowed eyebrows. She seemed peeved that this couldn't wait. Arthur pulled the head of Digitalis's penis into his mouth and held out an arm for Millie. She took it and stepped up onto the bed.

"I think we should load the image," said Millie, mouthing "thanks" to Arthur. Digitalis braced her thigh, his hips undulating while Arthur's tongue unconsciously quickened.

The sound of a small torrent rushing above his head made Arthur glance up. Millie had squatted on the bed and let loose. Her eyes were closed and her expression was relaxed, but her voice was businesslike, even as Digitalis started twitching.

Milie recited the coordinates of the island, and Arthur listened while she described the layout of the expedition's campsite. "It's lasted for the past five years, but it's relatively close to the beach." Only a slight tremor in her voice betrayed her when Digitalis jerked. Both quickly corrected their balance. Millie sat listening quietly to the receiver when Digitalis cried out. His cock pulsated and swelled in Arthur's mouth, and Arthur took a breath and sped up.

"Bear, I'm comi-" Digitalis cried out and clamped a hand over his mouth while he filled Arthur's.

"Sorry, what was that, Kiki? My phone had some static," said Millie. She'd slowed to a trickle and was the one bracing Digitalis at the moment, pushing him back while he strained. Arthur swallowed everything and only relented with his tongue when nothing else had come out for about ten seconds. On her haunches, Millie leaned over to kiss Digitalis's temple. Arthur gave her a hopeful look, and she kissed him, too. She winked at them both, climbed carefully off the bed, and strolled back out of the room while the conference call chattered in her receiver.

"The boat captain told me. Jacques...something? He said that the reef was-" Millie closed the door behind her.

Arthur forgot about his need to pee while he and Digitalis gathered up their sheets. They cleaned each other off with their shower towels and some wet wipes from their previous meals, and got dressed to take the soiled laundry to the laundry room. Millie stayed in the room, on the conference call.

###

I think this is the second to last chapter.

