Long Line

Author: Aquraisus

*000*2022-03-10 21:28

A quick oneshot to get myself back into writing. Hope you all enjoy!

–

It had been a tiresome day for Braixen, who had spent it working in her fields. She had managed to get all her work done and was finally able to head home to relax… Or so she thought. Throughout her long day, she had been downing loads of drinks to keep herself hydrated. Ranging from her coffee first thing in the morning to the myriad of water bottles she’d been chugging throughout her field work. As she now downed her last bottle, it was all about to hit her at once.

“Phew… finally done with the fields today.” She wiped the sweat of her forehead and sighed, chucking the last water bottle into the nearby bin. She looked over at the sun, seeing it was beginning to set. “Guess its about time I head home…”

She walked to her truck, hoping inside and starting the engine as she drove off into the streets. Her drive home was quite a long ways away, but she was used to that. She turned on her radio and was prepared to enjoy her ride. But a sharp rumble from her belly startled her.

She placed a paw on it, still making sure to focus on the road. “Oh dear… might’ve forgotten to take a bathroom break today…” She looked at her GPS, her home was still at least 30 minutes away.

“Eh, only 30 minutes ain’t too bad…” She crossed one leg over the other as her stomach rumbled again. Half an hour didn’t seem to long, right? She just had to take her mind off of it…

Unfortunately now that she knew she had to go, it was all she could think about. She realized just how much she’d been drinking all day and just how much was in her that needed to release. Her legs quivered as she continued to drive and try to think of anything but her increasingly growing need.

A few minutes passed, 10 to be exact. The Braixen’s bladder was beginning to bulge out of her tummy quite a lot. She squeezed her legs tighter as she tried to keep herself from leaking. She was realizing now there was no chance she was making it another 20 whole minutes. Maybe not even another 5…

She turned her car into the nearest gas station, pulling up and quickly getting out of her seat. She gripped her crotch and bent over, giving it a big squeeze before quickly waddling over to the station. But once she stepped inside, horror struck.

Lined up outside the single person restroom was at least 5 other various pokemon, all of them equally if not more desperate than she was. She knew she needed to decide quick, either she got back in her car to look for another station, or she waited out the agonizingly long line. Another long growl of her belly told her she didn’t have much longer, so she took her chances with the line. Slowly trudging to the back and jamming her paws into her crotch as best she could, although her large bladder was slightly getting in the way.

Her quivering thighs squeezed together tightly as she waited for the line to move, at least a few minutes passed without any progress. Seeing the other mons in front of her being just as desperate wasn’t helping her need at all…

“Come on… come on…” Braixen squeezed her privates tighter, she was gonna leak any second if some progress wasn’t made soon. FInally, the line started to move, giving her some semblance of hope and motivation to keep everything inside.

Unfortunately, it was gonna be a long while before the line would move again. 10 minutes to be exact. By now Braixen could’ve been home, gushing out every bit of the contents in her overfilled bladder that was currently bulging out of her tummy, making it even harder to reach her crotch. Using her will alone now, she tried to squeeze her quivering pussy lips shut. The line moved again, she stepped upwards very carefully. Only 3 more people to go, then it was her turn, she could finally let it all out, every drop of her rapidly building ocean…

That thought caused a small, yet noticeable drop to escape her pussy. She gasped, curling her large, fluffy tailed underneath her to press against it. “No no no not now… c-come on I’m so closed…” She desperately whispered to herself, trying to convince herself to keep it all in.

Another movement in line, two people left. Braixen was at her limit now, her large bladder was fully preventing her from squeezing herself and all she could do was bring her legs together as tight as possible and pray to arceus it would all stay in, pray that it wouldn’t all burst out of her… pray that her bladder would give up and force the relief right in front of the other girls in line…

Then, with one last massive spasm of her bladder, she felt herself surpass her limit. She didn’t even have time to react before her quivering pussy lips were forced open by the torrent of piss that had been pent up in her bladder, gushing all the way down her legs and tail and making a puddle on the floor. She looked down in shock, embarrassment, and relief as her full bladder finally emptied itself. All she could do was fall to her knees and let out a shaky sigh, knowing she couldn’t stop the flow even if she tried.

Almost as if it was a domino effect, a desperate Lopunny girl in front of her was brought to her own limit by the sound of Braixen’s relief. She clutched herself tightly but futily as her own pee gushed down her legs onto the floor. Braixen couldn’t help but watch the sight with a flustered face, being on her knees she was getting a rather nice view…

“D-damn it…” The lopunny sighed her bladder emptied, then turning to see Braixen watching her. “O-oh um! S-sorry you had to see that…”

“A-ah its okay! U-um sorry for staring- I-I didn’t mean it in a weird way.”

The lopunny chuckled. “Don’t worry… I guess we both couldn’t wait in this line any longer huh?”

Braixen sheepishly rubbed the back of her head, blushing a lot. “H-hehe… yeah…”

Lopunny looked and saw there was nobody at the register. “Hey, what do you say we get outta here before an employee comes yelling at us?” She stood up, holding her paw out for Braixen.

Braixen shyly took her paw and stood. “A-ah, t-that sounds great!”

The two soaked girls made their way out the gas station, giggling as they figured their messes could be left to the janitor.

###

(Hope you all enjoyed this one! I might do more with these two in future… so stay tuned for that!)

*002*2022-03-11 05:00

{{27 minutes ago, Pachishock said:

I loved this! Great to see you writing again. Very wholesome ending

}}

I'm glad you liked it! Hopefully I'll make more soon!

