Wet Days

Author: alyalcantara

*000*2024-06-15 07:24

I feel a light tap on my shoulder as I awaken from my dream.

"Wake up.." I hear my friend next to me whisper.

Immediatly, I jolt up from my desk, checking to see if our teacher saw me. Thankfully, he didnt. I glance at the time and nnotice it's only 2:35, with 25 minutes left of the school day.

Soon enough, a slight pressure builds up in my lower abdomen. I hadn't eaten anything in the past 2 hours or so, but I do recall drinking a large amount of water during lunch. I dont know why, but I just crave water, just like some crave ice. Instead of asking to go to the bathroom, I decide to hold it.

"The pythagorean theorom is...", or something like that, I can barely make out what Mr Porter is saying.

It doesn't get much better from here, and the need to go builds up during the minutes. After he is done teaching stuff abouth triangles or whatever, I quickly raise my hand to flee to the bathroom.

"Yes, Mikhayla?"

"May I please got to the bathroom?"

"I don't know, can you?"

This wasn't the time for his jokes, I could barely hold it anymore.

"Im just joking. You can go."

I get out of my chair and walk calmly to the bathroom, as not to raise suspicion. In the halls, my friend, Erin, jumpscares me, letting a little squirt out. There is no noticable wet spot on my shorts, however.

I walk past her and into the bathroom, then close the stall door behind me. I pull down my shorts and panties and sit down on the toilet, as I then hear the faint hissing of pee fall into the toilet. It's so relaxing. It doesn't stop for a good 15 seconds or so, which tells a lot about my water intake. As soon as i'm done, I pull up my shorts and flush the toilet. While washing my hands, I glance at the mirror, and find my hair is a mess. I fix the long, black hair, thinking about how most people could probably figure out that I was sleeping a moment ago. I return to class, and sit down to try to wait until school is over.

I hear the bell ring, and as I pack up my stuff, I remember I have volleyball practice today. How am I going to survive today?

I grab my backpack and leave towards the gym, checking my phone to see if mom texted me or not. She didn't, which was normal.

Heading into the gym, I notice there is no one here except for the volleyball coach, Ms. Tewitz.

"Good afternoon, Mikhayla."

"Good afternoon, Ms. Tewitz."

"Mind helping me set up the nets?"

I reluctantly agree, since I have nothing better to do. The poles are somewhat heavy, and a little big, for my 5"4' body. Taking the net off of the net wasn't a problem, and within no time, they were all set up. Soon enough, everyone else started walking into the gym. After a bit, everyone was here and dressed up, ready to practice.

"Hello, everyone. Seems like everyone is here. Today, we will just work on setting and spiking."

I sigh, just because i'm relieved we aren't doing any conditioning or running today.

The hour and 30 minutes we have for practice flies by, and soon enough, practice ends. I pack all of my stuff and exit the school. Thankfully, I live pretty close, so no need to take the bus.

I feel a slight vibration in my pocket, and sure enough, it was mom letting me know she wouldn't be home until around 12, and told me to just make a sandwitch for lunch.

While walking home, I feel just the slightest bit of rain fall on my face. I dont have a hoodie or long pants, so I quickly rush to get home. When I do get home, however, i'm amost soaking wet with rain and decide to take a shower. I take off all of my clothes, get my towel, and get into the shower. After that, it was decided by me to take a nap for an hour or 2, since it was only 5:00. I get in bed and wonder what lies next today.

