Four Desperate Sisters

Author: anniepea

*000*2023-05-09 22:28

Anna Arden wished she’d never signed up for this stupid ballet class.

There was half an hour left before Ms. Demontreux would stop teaching and let the girls free, and those thirty minutes couldn’t go by fast enough. Anna glanced in the mirror as the class practiced plies in the center, and she swore she could see a bladder bulge stretching out her white leotard. Her bladder strained with the effort of holding back the two cups of iced tea that she’d downed before class, and she could swear that her pussy was quivering.

Anna shot a glance at Cassie, her freckled, gorgeous best friend who was two spots down from her and seemed to be having similar trouble with the plies, which required a bend at the knee while keeping the knees wide open so that the pelvis stayed perpendicular to the floor. God, Anna could just imagine losing control doing one of these slow bends and absolutely losing it, peeing through her leotard and tights all over the floor. And on the first class, too!

Anna’s silky blonde hair was pushed up into a neat bun, and her cheeks were flushed as she struggled through the rest of class. She had a particularly dangerous moment when the class did leaps across the floor and she felt an unexpected spurt shoot out of her vagina, dampening her leotard. She was somehow able to cut the stream off quickly, and clamped her legs together as soon as she reached the barre.

“Anna, whatever is going on is unbecoming. The most important part of ballet is poise and composure.” Ms Demontreux was unforgiving.

“I’m sorry, I just really have to, um, use the bathroom,” Anna said, squirming.

“There are five minutes until the end of class,” Ms Demontreux said. “Surely you can hold your bladder until then, and not have an accident like the little girls do.”

Anna was hit with a particularly intense wave of desperation and had to shoot a hand between her thighs, clamping down on her tight vagina and applying pressure to the hole. “I’m sorry,” she said, feeling the horrible desperation in a way she never had before.

She toughed it out for the last five minutes, breathing hard during the curtsies at the end and hastily thanking the teacher as she sprinted down the hall, a hand locked on her vagina, towards the bathroom.

She was doing such a good job, she was doing so good, she ran to the single stall bathroom and swung the door open and then she felt someone rush in behind her. Cassie.

”I really need to go Anna, I don’t care, I’ll do it on the floor, I just can’t have anybody see me, it’s too humiliating,” Cassie said hurriedly. “Please, please, let me go here.”

Anna was too preoccupied to say anything. She hovered over the toilet, muscle memory instructing her hands to slide her pants down, as she began to release a torrent of hot pee into the toilet.

”Ahhhh,” she moaned, throwing her head back, cheeks hot with the new feeling of relief and release.

But then she felt warm wetness on her vagina, and then her thighs, and she looked down, shocked. Her leotard was still on. She hadn’t taken it off when she shoved her little dance skirt down.

“Oh my god, no, Cassie, please don’t look,” she pleaded, yanking the straps of her leotard down to reveal perky breasts with light pink nipples and shoving her tights down her thighs, baring the light brown wisps of hair covering her shining pussy that was releasing hot pee all over the seat.

Anna kept going. She couldn’t stop. Cassie was squatted, pulling her vagina lips up in a V, peeing into the sink.

@@to be continued!

*005*2023-05-15 05:37

Anna was spellbound staring at Cassie, who's dark-haired pussy was pulled taut as she pissed an arc of golden liquid into the dance studio's bathroom sink. Her expression was one of blissed-out relief, and Anna was shocked that Cassie would do something like this — and also very intrigued.

Her hands wandered down to her leotard, which was fully soaked and sopping wet with pee, and traced the fuzz of her pubic hair with her hands, passing over her slick slit in mindless curiosity.

Over at the sink, Cassie whined, "Anna, please don't judge me. It was this or go all over myself, and I just couldn't bear feeling so humiliated—" Cassie turned to look at Anna as her stream tapered off, and seeing the state of Anna's leotard, she winced. "I'm sorry. I don't mean to make you feel bad, it's just..."

Anna shook her head. "No, this is bad. I don't know how I can walk out of here, and I've never even felt like this before."

Cassie covered her pussy with her hands, seemingly embarrassed that Anna could see all of her womanhood on display. "God, this is so embarrassing."

"It's only weird if you make it weird," Anna said, closing the toilet lid and sitting down to wipe up the fluid all over her thighs with toilet paper. In the process, a piece brushed over her clitoris, which was red and glistening, and she tensed, feeling something she'd never felt before.

Cassie noticed. "Anna, have you ever..."

Anna glanced up and held the toilet paper away from herself like it was a bomb about to go off, absolving herself from any suspected horniness. "What?"

"Have you ever touched yourself?" Cassie asked, bashful. A blush lit up her cheeks. "I know this is a random question, but I just wondered, since you seemed so surprised just now... and maybe turned on too," she finished, embarrassed. "I don't know. I'm sorry I even said anything."

Anna shook her head. "No, I haven't done that before." Eighteen years of her life gone, a senior in high school, and she'd never even thought to masturbate? But Cassie was right, looking at her naked body, combined with the adrenaline rush of having to go and the already wet state of her pussy, had set her core ablaze in a way that had never really happened before.

"Well, maybe you should try it," Cassie said, hoisting herself up onto the counter and spreading her legs, revealing glistening wetness between the sparse black hairs. "Do you want to see how I like to do it?"

Anna nodded, too stunned to speak.

Cassie dipped a finger into the wetness of her core, brushing a finger over her pink clitoris and then rubbing circles over the hard little nub. She let out a whine, and Anna couldn't help it — she was so turned on that she had to do it too.

"Oh my —" she breathed when she felt the electric pressure of her fingers on her clit, "oh my god it feels so good."

Cassie raised her eyebrows, mouth open as she breathed hard. "Right?"

Anna's head tilted back and she rubbed harder, feeling a mounting sensation of pleasure that she'd never felt before. "Cassie, it feels amazing, but it feels like something's going to happen."

Cassie nodded, a sweet smile crossing her face. "You're going to finish."

Anna moaned, loud, and then whined. "No, no, it's not that, I'm going to pee, fuck I'm going to pee."

"Anna, that's what it feels like, right before you cum."

Anna reached her climax fast and doubled over, fingers rapidly circling as she breathed hard. "Fuck. Fuck. Holy fuck. Cassie, cassie, please," she mumbled unintelligibly as her pussy clenched around nothing.

She leaned back, her clit still twitching even as she lifted her fingers off and sucked on them. "That was amazing."

