Alice's Accidental Adventures [story+ pics]

Author: anyone11

*000*2024-04-02 19:17

Chapter 1: On the Way Home

Alice had to pee. Very, very badly. So badly, in fact, that she was doing what could only be called a potty dance as she got out of her car.

It wasn’t her fault. She’d gotten pulled into an unscheduled meeting at work that had eaten up the last hours of her afternoon. And then as she was leaving, the bathrooms had been closed for cleaning. No problem, she thought. Sure, she needed to go, but it wasn’t critical and it was only a twenty minute drive home.

Or rather, it should have been a twenty minute drive. But a nasty accident had blocked off all but one lane of the highway and tripled her commute time, leaving plenty of time for the water she’d drank in the meeting to collect in her bladder.

But she was home now, finally. Well, almost finally, she corrected, as she squirmed towards her apartment’s outdoor staircase. Why did she have to live on the fourth floor?

Her bladder throbbed as she began the ascent, as if it could sense how close her bathroom was. At the first landing she came to an abrupt halt and shoved her hand between her crossed legs as an especially intense wave of desperation crashed through her.

&&

It subsided after a few moments, but left little relief in its wake. She looked despairingly at the three and a half more flights of stairs she had. How could she possibly make it?

But she had to. It was the only option. She was a grown woman; she certainly wasn’t going to pee her pants like a little kid. So she resumed her ascent, though she did have to keep her hand clutched to her crotch - thank god there was no one around to see her.

She made it to the second floor without incident, and even started to think she’d worked herself into a panic for nothing as she rounded the turn and kept climbing. Halfway there! she thought in triumph as she lifted her foot to the landing between the second and third floors.

And then it happened.

Another urge spasmed though her, and despite crossing her legs and holding herself just as tightly as before, she couldn’t prevent a hot spurt of pee from leaking out of her, puddling against her skin before being absorbed by her clothes.

I can’t wet myself! she thought in a panic, squeezing even harder and managing to stop the flow. But she just had. She could feel her wet panties clinging to her, and when she looked down there was a small but undeniable wet spot on her jeans.

&&

Okay, so she’d peed her pants. But only barely, she tried to rationalize. A tiny leak like that doesn’t really count. Anyone could be caught short like this. She would make it to her apartment, have the world’s most satisfying pee in the toilet, and it would be like this never happened.

She didn’t even make it to the third floor.

Maybe the first leak had broken some sort of seal. Maybe her pelvic muscles gave up in fatigue. Maybe her bladder had reached its absolute capacity. Regardless, she froze in horror as she felt more pee leak out of her, re-warming her clothes - and this time, she couldn’t stop it right away. She felt it trickling down her thighs and seeping under her butt before she once more regained control.

&&

She couldn’t claim not to have “really” peed in her pants now, not with those dark patches advertising her accident for anyone to see. She, Alice Waters, a grown adult, had definitely, well and truly, inarguably, wet herself.

And she still really had to go.

She kept climbing the stairs, because what else was there to do? Only a few steps later and she was peeing again, but this time she didn’t even try to stop it. Why bother? No one was around, no doubt these stairs had seen much worse than urine and - most critically - she had already peed herself. No point pretending she hadn’t.

So she let the rest of her pee gush out of her aching bladder, streaming down her legs, soaking her jeans, collecting in her shoes and leaving a tell-tale trail as she continued towards her apartment.

&&

And for a moment it felt… good? Not just the physical relief, though that was part of it, but giving in. Admitting that she’d had an accident, that there was no point in trying to reach the toilet when her pants were already wet and instead make them even wetter.

Then she caught herself. Good? It was humiliating! Everyone knows adults don’t pee their pants. Of course she hadn’t enjoyed it. It was just that she’d been so desperate.

Finally, she reached her apartment door. Without really thinking about it, she released the last bit of pee left in her as she unlocked the door, then stepped inside to clean up.

This would definitely never happen again.

*002*2024-04-03 13:55

{{6 hours ago, JimSpurs666 said:

Great. Where did you get the pics?

}}

The pics are of me (the story, though, is 100% fictional).

