Snowmobiling

Author: alleycat89

*000*2021-03-14 19:08

It was a fair February morning when Jake, Tom and their girlfriends Allysa and Sarah decided to go snowmobiling. The sun was shining and there was still fresh snow on the ground.

Being that the sun was out and the temperature was fair all parties were wearing only minor winter gear. Jake and Tom had on sweatshirts and lights snow pants. Allysa had a cute white jacket and leggings while Sarah wore a hoodie and form fitting jeans.

Tom was already at Jake's house when Allysa and Sarah pulled up.

"Hey boys!", Allysa said as they stepped out of the car, "ready to go have some snow fun?"

All four enjoyed being outdoors and although the girls had never been snowmobiling before the boys had many times.

"I've got some food and water in the truck, just in case we would get stuck or someone wants some", said Jake.

Allysa looked at Jake, "Stuck? Does that happen often?"

"Not if we do things right", laughed Jake, "depends how deep the snow is, but if we keep moving in the deep snow we should be fine, we have a shovel just incase."

"Well, are we forgetting anything? If not I think we're ready to go!", said Tom.

Sarah grabbed an extra jacket and socks from her car as well as her coffee. They all climbed up in Tom's truck.

"So where are we going anyway?", asked Alyssa as they started down the road.

"I thought we could go ride the forestry road out at Calvin State Park. It's like 30-40 minutes from here, but the views from some of the vistas are amazing this time of year!", exclaimed Tom.

As they drove on the boys explained to the girls how to drive snowmobiles properly and avoid getting stuck in snow banks.

"Good thing you guys are driving and we're just passengers," giggled Sarah, "I don't think I'm up for driving just yet".

"Oh come on, you can try if you want to," teased Tom, "it's really not that hard."

Tom pulled the truck into the snowmobile unloading area and all 4 got out. The air was slightly colder here, but the sun was warm. There was only one other vehicle in the area but no sign of anyone.

"Want to get the snowmobiles unloaded? I'm going to go find a tree quick before we take off," said Jake.

"No problem!", said Tom as he began to unhook the snowmobiles and warm the engines.

Sarah and Alyssa stood talking together and noticed that Jake only just went to the other side of the road. They could see a thick strong stream of pee shooting out in front of him.

"You know, days like today I wish I was a guy," said Sarah, "all that coffee from earlier is going through me."

"You could go pop and squat," suggested Alyssa.

"Yeah, no way. I have standards," laughed Sarah, "I've been way worse than this before."

"I don't blame you, I've never peed outside," confided Alyssa.

"I tried to once, "whispered Sarah, "never again. It went all over the place. Down my leg, into my pants. It was an absolute mess".

About that time Jake came back, "ahhhh.. much better".

"We're ready to go!", said Tom.

Sarah thought for a moment and looked around, "hey this is kinda of a stupid question, but is there a park office or anything that would have a bathroom around before we start off?"

Jake thought for a moment, "the nearest thing I can think of would be the swimming area about 2 miles down the road."

Sarah thought for a moment, "I'll be fine until we get back." I hope anyway, she thought to herself.

Alyssa jumped on the back of Jake's snowmobile and threw here arms around him and Sarah threw her leg around Tom as she got onto his sled.

"Here we go!", Alyssa yelled as they took off.

The going was slow at first as they made their way through some deep snow packs and uphill, but about an hour later the group finally reached the first vista.

"Oh this is lovely!" gasped Alyssa as they stopped and walked to the edge.

Sarah was now grossly questioning her decision to drink coffee this morning, but she had been so tired -- and cold. Her bladder was extremely full and she had no idea how long it would be until they got back to the restroom area.

"Why don't we grab a quick snack while we're stopped?" suggested Jake

"Can we just keep going?" said Sarah looking a bit agitated.

"What's wrong, babe?" asked Tom

"Nothing, I'm just a little cold standing here." That was obviously a lie. But it covered up her real reason and gave her an excuse to dance around and squirm.

"I guess, just give me a minute to eat a granola bar and take a quick pee", said Tom, "I didn't have much for breakfast other than a cup of coffee on the way to gas up the sleds".

Sarah groaned inside at the thought that the boys again could just pee wherever. She truly envied their ability. It wasn't that she was worried about someone seeing her, although she certainly didn't like that. She just couldn't pee outside. Even if she wanted to. The moment the spray started, she would be soaked.

As they got back on the sleds Sarah knew she was going to need to do something with her bladder soon. She had never had an accident in her adult life but she was quickly becoming extremely uncomfortable.

"How much longer is the ride, do you think?" asked Sarah trying not to sound annoying.

"I don't know... another hour maybe?" said Jake, "why, bored?"

"No... not at all, Just was curious, that's all, " lied Sarah.

Alyssa walked over to Sarah, "how bad is it?"

"Really. I feel like my bladder is going to explode!"

"Seriously, just go squat. It's better than wetting yourself."

"I am not a child! I won't wet myself! I'm just really uncomfortable!", retorted Sarah.

"Suit yourself. I have to go too, but at least I can comfortably wait until we get back to the head-end".

The four got back on the sleds and the boys started them up. The vibration from the motor wasn't helping Sarah. With her bladder being as full as it was the vibration was actually massively stimulating her and each bump in the road resonated through her abdomen.

Finally they were heading down the main road and Alyssa could finally see the truck. She was gripping her hands hard into Tom's side and clenching her teeth with the effort of controlling her overly full bladder. Alyssa knew that when they stopped she would have to get off the sled and stand for a bit, which was not going to be easy.

The snowmobiles rolled into the loading area and the boys turned them off. Everyone got off and Tom and Jake started talking. "That was awesome! Nice maneuvers up there on the side hill", said Jake.

"Hey guys, " exclaimed Sarah - not not trying to hide her desperation, "could we cut the chit chat for the ride back? I really really need to pee." As if to emphasis her need she bent over a bit and rubbed her hand on her leg.

"We'll wait in the truck for you", said Alyssa as she took Sarah's hand, "come on, we can go sit down, it will be easy on you."

As soon as the girls were in the truck Sarah started breathing heavily and closed her eyes, "they better hurry back there or there's going to be a flood in this truck".

"I'm so sorry, " said Alyssa, "If it makes you feel any better I have to go pretty bad too. We're both girls in this together... but the good news is it's only a few more minutes and that sweet sweet relief!"

Just then Jake and Tom opened the truck doors and got in. "Beach.... restrooms... NOW!" yelled Sarah.

"What's the rush?" teased Tom

Sarah gave Tom an evil eye, "Tom! Unless you want me to pee all over your truck seat, you will start driving now!"

"OK OK!" said Tom as he fired up the engine and turned around.

Each bump of ice and snow sent flaming pain through Sarah's bladder. She opened the top button of her jeans to relieve some of the pressure.

As they pulled up to the parking area Sarah's composure slumped, "where are they bathrooms?"

"Over there," Jake pointed, "across that little bridge in the building in front of the beach".

Sarah took a deep breath.... more walking....

The girls opened their doors and got out. "Hey, I'll come along, I could use another pee before we head back," said Jake.

"OK, I'll wait here for you all," said Tom.

As the three of them walked towards the bathroom building Sarah was taking labored steps as she felt like she had a bowling ball inside of her.

Finally they reached the facilities.

"RELIEF! AT LAST!" exclaimed Sarah as she managed to gain the ability to run the last 50 feet. Sarah tugged on the Women's door. It didn't open. Then she look at a sign "CLOSED FOR THE SEASON".

"OH MY WORD! NO NO NO! YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME!", she cried, "I literally have no idea what I'm going to do."

"Calm down," said Jake, "just go pee in the woods, no one cares."

"No, I can't."

"Sure you can, if it's that bad, just go do it."

"No, you don't understand... like I physically can't."

"Come on, hon, I can go help you," offered Alyssa.

"No... I'm just going to have to hold it until we get back," moaned Sarah as a wave of desperation over took her. She now had both hands firmed against the bathroom wall and was panting.

"Listen, I really have to pee too... but standing around here isn't going to fix the situation, let's get back to the truck and to a gas station or something!" said Alyssa.

"I..... can't.... walk" moaned Sarah thrusting her hand into her crotch.

"Sure you can... come on... I'll help you", offered Jake.

As they began to walk back Sarah suddenly let out a squeal and the crotch of her jeans darkened the size of a baseball.

"OH MY WORD. This can't be happening" she said as she bent down.

They continued to walk back to the car, Sarah breathing heavily with each labored step. As she stepped up into the truck she let out another moan, followed by another 1 squirt of hot pee. Her jeans were now soaked in the front and back.

"Jake! Drive. Drive as fast as you can to the nearest restroom, these are locked and Sarah is about to blow.... I'm not much better off."

Jake started up the truck and began down the road.

In between sharp breathes Sarah managed to ask, "how long until we get somewhere?"

"I think there's a gas station about 10 minutes down the road," Jake said as he accelerated more, "just hang on!"

"I.... can't... much... longer," Sarah gasped as a load hiss was heard from the back, "guys stop the truck... stop the truck... I'm peeing!"

"What I thought you said you couldn't?" said Tom.

"No.. I'm not trying to.... I'm peeing... like I can't stop it... pull over NOW!"

A loud hiss continues in the back seat and the smell of urine filled the truck. Jake pulled the truck over to the side of the road and Sarah threw the door open and jumped out to continue peeing on the side of the road. She yanked her pants and pink panties down and flooded for a good 45 seconds before finishing as a trickle, not caring who might see her. She let out a huge sigh.

"This is disgusting," she sobbed as she pulled her pants and panties back up -- both soaked.

"Here, take them off and wrap yourself in my sweatshirt - at least you won't be sitting in anything wet", offered Alyssa.

Sarah pulled her soaking wet jeans and panties off once again and wrapped herself up in the sweatshirt.

"Now, can we please get to the gas station before *I* am the next one to have an accident?", asked Alyssa, her leggings riding up into her crotch.

