OMOVEMBER DAY 6: Juliette's Blackmail

Author: Animepee1234

*000*2024-11-07 08:07

OMOVEMBER Day 6- Not Allowed To Go

Juliette was a very beautiful girl, brunette, C-Cup, and she always had to wear her school's strict dress code, for girls, it was a gray skirt, with a white polo, knee-high black socks, and dress shoes. She sat in class rubbing her legs together, now you might ask “Why can’t she ask?” It isn’t that she can’t ask it’s that she's being forced to hold it. A boy had some lude photos of her using a vibrator and he threatened to leak them which would surely kick her out of this prestigious private school.

Earlier that morning

“HOW DID YOU GET THAT” Juliette screamed at a boy named Mason who was holding his phone out to her showing the photos and videos of Juliette using the vibrator. The boy smiled “Do as I say and this won’t get leaked”

Juliette’s expression became angry “WHAT” she screamed, the boy turned around and waved his hand for her to follow, they went to a secluded alley on the school campus, and Mason pulled out his phone and opened his camera.

“Show me your panties” he said with a smile, Juliette's face became red with embarrassment, she stammered for a few seconds then finally spoke.

“ARE YOU SERIOUS!? HELL NO YOU FUCKING PERV” she screamed, the boy then went to the video of her using the vibrator, and as the video played sounds of soft moans came out from the speakers “Ahhhhh~fuucck~~”

“Fine then I’ll just send this out-” Mason said before being cut off, by Juliette

“NO… uggh fine” Juliette said, she grabbed the bottom of her skirt, and looked to the side avoiding eye contact, her hands shook as she hesitantly raised her skirt exposing her pastel blue panites, her cheeks beginning to glow red. “Th-there happy” she said embarrassed, a flash erupted from Mason's phone, and Juliette quickly lowered her skirt hiding her panties

“WHAT THE FUCK-” she said

“Yeah I'm happy, but I’m not done yet” Mason said, he grabbed a water bottle out of his bag and handed it to “Chug this”

“Whyyy?” Juliette questioned taking the bottle

“Just do it” Mason demanded

Juliette opened the bottle and began chugging it, the water getting lower and lower, and then it was empty, Juliete released it from her lips with a “Ahhhh” she sighed

“Good” Mason said as a smirk grew on his face “Now don’t go to the bathroom till I say”

“Wh-Wha” Juliette said in surprise as Mason walked away

Back in the present

Juliette was still rubbing her legs it was the second class, and Mason was in the class with her, she pulled out her phone and texted him “Can I please pee?” she waited and waited, rubbing her legs together and jiggling in her chair, her phone then buzzed

“No” the text read, she started to become worried, she crossed her legs “Fuck I gotta pee” she thought as she started holding her crotch.

As the minutes ticked by in the class she began to get more and more desperate “mmmmmmmm~” she groaned holding it in the best she could

“Ahhh~” she softly moaned as a spurt of pee escaped she brought her free hand to her crotch now holding it with both hands. She crossed her legs tightly, once she believed she had more control she pulled out her phone and texted Mason again.

“Please let me go, don’t leak the photos” she texted

“Nahhh” Mason replied

“STOP BEING A PERV LET ME GO CREEP” she texted

After a few more minutes of desperation, he texted back

“Meet me at the same spot after class”

Juliette looked at the clock, 5 minutes she would have to hold it till then. She jiggled back and forth, rubbed her legs, and held her crotch, doing everything to prevent herself from having an accident.

“Mmmmm~” she softly groaned squeezing her legs together

“Shit shit I can’t keep holding it in” she thought to herself “Ahh~” she moaned slightly louder, as another spurt of pee dampened her panties, a few heads turned as she brought her hands to hold her crotch, her cheeks went red.

RIIIIING the bell rang she quickly got up as Mason left the room, she quickly followed him.

BACK OUTSIDE

“HEY CAN I PLEASE PEE” she pleaded

“Show me them again” Mason said smirking holding his phone

“Grrrrr, fine” she reluctantly said, as she shakily raised her skirt still rubbing her legs together, a flash erupted from the phone again, capturing a photo of Juliette rasing her skirt showing her panties with a small damp patch on it

“You having trouble holding” he teased, as he walked closer to her

“SHUT UP PERVERT” she said squeezing her legs together

“Oh really” Mason said bending down and grabbing and separating Juliette's legs.

“Ahhhhhh~” she moaned grabbing her crotch from her panties as the damp patch got wetter and larger with a few drops of pee falling to the ground, she pushed Mason quickly bringing her legs back together. “Ahhh~ please let me pee” she pleaded

Mason got up “One more class and meet me back here”

Juliette began doing a potty dance “And if you don’t remember-” Mason said

“YEA I KNOW” she said in a desperate tone, Mason put his phone away and headed to class

Later in class

Juliette was jiggling back and forth shaking her legs, rubbing them up and down holding her crotch, “I gotta hold it, I gotta hold it” she thought. She tried focusing on work, trying to distract herself but she just felt the pressure build up more and more.

15 minutes

Juliette felt a shock in her bladder “ahhh~mmmm~~” she quietly moaned, as pee leaked out more, “ahhh mmm shit shit “ she thought “I can’t hold it for much longer”

Hssssss, more pee began shooting out, she tightened her grip on her crotch looked down, and noticed pee was starting to leak onto her skirt as a small wet patch was beginning to form, she crossed her legs and bent over

“Mmmm~” she quietly moaned as she attempted with every fiber of her body to hold it in.

15 more minutes later

Juliette shot up as more pee shot out hssssss she tried squeezing her crotch through her skirt but it kept leaking out so she put her hand up her skirt and held it through her panties, feeling the panties squish as she squeezed, she hobbled over rubbing her legs together, jiggling more and more letting out quiet little moans that were drowned out by the teacher talking or the student writing.

“I-cant-h-hold it anymore” she thought as more pee leaked out, she looked down and saw the previously small wet patch on her skirt grew to a more noticeable size. She squeezed her legs together and hoped and prayed. “Please, let me hold it in”

END OF CLASS

Juliette jiggled back and forth and continued holding her crotch pleading to herself, hoping she would be able to go

RIIING

Juliette shot up and ran to the alley as fast as she could with every few steps more pee leaked out, as it began to drip down her leg.

She arrived at the alley to see Mason waiting,

“LET ME PEE! PLEASE!” Juliette desperately pleaded, holding her crotch, crossing her legs

Mason just stood there and smirked

“WANNA SEE MY PANTIES LOOK” she said lifting up her skirt to show her panties which her wet with her leaking, she turned around “MY ASS WANNA TAKE A PIC OF MY ASS” she said exposing the ass side of her panties, where a big wet patch made her panties begin to be see through.

Mason walked over and gave her a small wedgie, Juliette shivered and bent over and held her crotch, as pee dribbed out, between her fingers to the ground. “AHHH~~ s-ss-tt-oop-p” she begged. “J-ju-st let m-me g-g-go” she desperately spoke

“Come with me” Mason said walking out of the alley Juliette hobbled behind him holding her crotch pee still dribbling out every few steps

They entered a hallway where students began to assemble, they stopped in front of the bathrooms. Juliette sighed and quickly began to walk in

“Thank you, finally” she desperately said thinking she could finally relieve herself, Mason took out his phone and began to record, he went up to her just as she was about to step into the bathroom, and squeezed her around her waist. She froze and began shaking, holding her crotch tightly.

“No no no, why~” she moaned as pee began dripping to the ground in spurts, she potty danced side to side and attempted to run in but Madon grabbed her and pulled her back.

“NOOO~” she moaned loudly, the students began turning their heads, Juliette shaking, crossing her legs jiggling, and hopping up and down.

“Please stop nonononono~” As pee began shooting into her panties, she tried holding her crotch one last time but it was no use pee erupted out, her panites becoming soaked, and the wet patch on her skirt grew larger and larger.

“AHHH~” she cried tears starting to roll down her cheeks red with embarrassment, pee began streaming down her legs making her socks wet

Students began gathering and watching “S-stop don't look~” she cried and she shifted from side to side still trying to stop the waterfall of pee. A puddle grew under her and drops of pee hit it splattering pee in every direction.

Juliette looked at Mason recording her with a look of embarrassment as pee started slowing its flow. She sunk to her knees as the last bit of pee flowed out into her flooded panties. She softly cried, and teachers ran over

“Juliette are you okay sweetie” one of them said as Juliette sobbed as pee dripped to the ground as she rose, she walked into the bathroom to dry off. Mason stopped his recording as the teachers sent the students back to class, but Mason had one last thing in mind.

EPILOGUE (one last punishment)

“One last thing, meet me in the ally, keep the panties and skirt on” Mason's text read, Juliette stood in a stall and read it she angrily texted back

“HELL NO I'M DONE YOU ALREADY EMBARRASSED ME” she replied

“But if I leak the video it will only be more embarrassing” he texted

Juliette angrily conceded, “FINE”, she walked out of the stall and tried to sneak to the alley, she asked the teacher who was outside the bathroom to grab a towel so she could sneak away, once the teacher was gone, she snuck outside and to the alley

She walked around the corner to see Mason there

“What now?” she said embarrassed

“Do a 360 of your skirt” he said holding his phone

Juliette looked at him whimpering as she began to cry again knowing she didn’t have a choice she turned the front of her skirt showed a large wet patch that grew as she turned and showed the ass side of it, the ass side was soaked and still dripping wet, Mason smirked

“Now show me your panties” he sad

Juliette's cheeks still bring red shook as she raised her skirt, to show the front, her panties were sopping wet, to the point where it was see-through to her crotch, Mason snapped a photo, as Juliette softly cried.

“Turn” he said Juliette turned as Mason snapped another photo showing her panties dripping wet from the ass end, he giggled

“YOU HAPPY PERVERT” she snapped

“One more thing” he smiled

“What! WHAT COULD YOU POSSIBLY WANT NOW” she yelled

“STRIP DOWN”

“W-what?” Juliette said shocked

“You heard me” Mason said

Juliette stood there shocked as Mason began recording, She whimpered as she conceded, she undid her skirt and pulled it off

“Hand it to me” Mason said, Juliette rolled her eyes tears flowing out of them down her red cheek, and handed them to Mason. Juliette then looked at her panties and saw how wet they really looked, as pee was still dripping out of them and down her legs as she moved

“Go ahead” Mason said, she grabbed her panties, pulled them off, and angrily tossed them to Mason, Juliette now stood there naked.

“H-happy now” she said embarrassed and angry

“Now I am…good luck” he said as he ran out of the alley

“STOP DON'T” she screamed and ran after him and froze as she exited the alley where she could be in plain view of any bystander, she ran back in the alley, as he put her wet panties on a fence post a good 50 yards away, smirked and ran, just as the end of day bell rang.

