Guinea Maid Troubles (a short story based off a drawing)

Author: ashnacamon

*000*2022-05-23 03:27

Hi! This is a story based on a drawing I saw on Reddit, although I don’t know the author, or exactly what it was based on. The user who posted it said, “I think the picture is based on the anime 'maria-sama ga miteru' their names from left to right are mizuno yoku, ogasawara sachiko and fukusawa yumi“ I completely ignored the names for this story, but Suzan would be Mizuno, Jane would be Ogasawara, and Lily would be Fukusawa (who is Jane’s sister, though somewhat optionally).

[the events of this picture have not yet occurred in the story. They happen near the end. See the picture later]

Spoiler

$$

Skip to the story if you don’t need context. Suzan is the lady of this house, and is an inventor. She has a laboratory down in the finished basement. Jane and her little sister (or just companion) Lily work for her as maids, and the three are good friends. One day, Suzan is working on something, and ends up testing it on Jane. The end result is that Jane’s body is self-hydrating, and particularly her kidneys are super producing urine at an increasing rate. Thankfully, the effects do not inherently hurt Jane’s body at all, but they are inconvenient nonetheless for obvious reasons. Suzan feels deeply guilty, and immediately sets to work on an antidote for this new effect. While that is in the works, she quickly develops a “comfort model” diaper to help alleviate some of the inconvenience for the time being. As a safety measure she hopes she doesn’t need, Jane goes to bed in such a diaper, as Suzan continues work on the antidote.

=== BEGIN STORY ===

Jane woke up with a full bladder, but equally full nappy. “This is getting ridiculous,” she thought, as she struggled out of bed. As she did so, she noticed that majority of the pee in the diaper was still warm, and at first she though with alarm that this meant she must have wet within the past couple of minutes, and was already desperate again. But then she remembered, “Oh, right. ‘Comfort model.’” As Suzan had hoped and promised, the extra warmth retaining properties (and other features) she had engineered into the special diaper did indeed make it more comfortable after being pissed in, though an unexpected side effect was the loss of a subliminal sense of time since whenever Jane had peed herself. It quite literally felt as if she was perpetually just having wetted.

Even so, she endured until after she had dressed herself, after she had washed her face, after the diaper was thrown away, and after she had dried the pee off her skin, before she finally treated herself to blissful relief on the porcelain. After all, she wasn’t the kind to put pleasure before duty, and while Jane of course normally liked weeing as much as the next maidservant, with the condition she was in, this was definitely in the pleasure category. She moaned helplessly as she quickly began pissing quite hard, ringing melodically against the toilet bowl, without letting up for about a minute and ten seconds. The last twenty seconds after that were slower, though, and she was able to regain some of her composure before she finished. With the business done, she got up to start her morning duties.

It wasn’t too long into starting breakfast, however, that she realized she had forgotten to put on any panties.

Oh, well.

Meanwhile, six slices of bacon and six eggs were soon frying, and her bladder was soon feeling in want of a wee.

“Come on,” she thought to herself, “it’s barely been ten minutes, and I already need to pee again.”

“I’m done setting the table!” Lilly interrupted Jane’s thoughts. Then she noticed Jane’s legs crossing. “Um… Do you want to pee?”

As a matter of fact, blankin’ right she wanted to pee.

She wasn’t about to admit that in front of Lilly, though. Lilly had tended to overdramatize things in Jane’s opinion. She uncrossed her legs, and said casually, “Well, a little, but I can hold it.” This statement was about half true, and might’ve been entirely true normally, but considering the current state Jane was in, the idea that the urge would remain “a little” for long was highly optimistic.

“Okay. Just be ready in case of an emergency, alright?”

“Alright,” Jane answered, feeling Lilly was acting a bit silly. She wasn’t about to have an accident like a three-year-old. The condition was mostly… annoying, that was it, annoying. She didn’t need babying from her sister.

She pressed her legs together again.

This was particularly annoying.

Jane put the eggs and bacon into serving dishes, and Lilly brought them to the table while Jane went to wake up Suzan. She resisted the temptation to scissor walk up the stairs to Suzan’s bedroom, but mostly because it would either drastically slow her down or make it very hard to balance. The urge to pee was becoming very strong indeed. Arriving at Suzan’s bedroom, she knocked gently on the door.

“Suzan?”

Nothing. She opened it a bit, and called again. “Suzan?” Still nothing, so she stepped inside. The bed was empty.

“Oh, of course,” Jane sighed, and went back down the stairs (!), to the basement made laboratory door, and peeked in. There was Suzan, wearing her lab coat over her evening dress from the night before, slumped over the table. “Suzan?” Jane whispered loudly, but to no avail. She had hoped she wouldn’t have to descend yet another flight of stairs, but descend she did, and gently shook Suzan awake.

“Ooh, what time is it?” The lady of the house said slowly.

“It’s, uh, 7:24, in the morning. Breakfast is ready,” Jane answered, now standing firmly on one foot. Suzan glanced at the items scattered around her workspace.

“Oh, good. I wasn’t dreaming that part. Well, there’s still more to do, but… *yawn* …I think I finally have a cure in the works for, um, what I did to you yesterday.” She glanced nervously at Jane’s bladder. “I’m really sorry about that. It m-must have been horribly inconvenient…” Suzan was not one to get emotional, but it had been one of her first human tests, and ironically what had caused the problem was the antidote to the initial experiment. She had tested it on Guinea pigs first, of course, but then who expects a Guinea pig to moderate where and when it pees?

“Suzan,” Jane looked her straight in the eye, “it’s all right. I’ll be fine! You did the best you could. I forgive you.”

“*Sniff* Thank you,” Suzan answered, and the two embraced.

“Jane? Suzan? If you don’t come soon, the eggs are going to get cold!” Lily called from the kitchen. Suzan hung up her lab coat, quickly rinsed her face (which Jane was not quick enough to avoid witnessing, to her dismay. Why did laboratory sinks have to sound so tinkly when water splashed in them?), and the two headed upstairs.

Sitting down at the table, Jane really was in a desperate state. She was now very much aware that she wasn’t wearing any panties, and the non-water-retaining cushion on her chair (Suzan’s work, and one of her favorite inventions so far) seemed to be begging her, “Piss me, piss me wet soaked with piss, please! It won’t hurt a thing.” She couldn’t argue. Everything in the house that wasn’t absolutely separate from the laboratory had been spill-proofed, including the composite floor. She could probably piss a few bushels before it would hurt anything, if not more.

Bad time to think of that.

A small spurt escaped onto the cushion. Her bladder had hit maximum, and Jane was losing control, fast.

“No!” she thought, “I will go to the b… place on my own time. I’m finishing breakfast first.” Thankfully, she only had two bites of eggs left. One bite, one half… Done. She picked up her dishes as a pretense. Even now, she didn’t want to admit a loss of control, although one was undeniably looming.

“*Swallow* I, uh, I’ll go w-wash this up in the kitche-AAAAH, AHH!” At the mention and thought of the warm, soapy water on her hands, Jane’s sphincter quite emphatically decided that it had had enough. She began pissing hard, and fell helplessly back into the turned-away chair, dropping the plate and spoon onto the floor (thankfully, the plate did not break). She tried to stop the flow, and even to get up and run to the bathroom, but her bladder was too exhausted to cooperate. Suzan immediately got up to help her, but quickly realized there was not much she could do. So instead, she took Jane’s hand, and began to comfort her, “It’s okay, Jane, it’s okay. Don’t hurt yourself. You did a good job. Just let it all fly away. It won’t hurt the floor. Just let yourself pee.” For about two seconds, Jane debated as to wether she should follow Suzan’s advice: It was so counterintuitive. But, Suzan was probably correct, and she was the lady of the house, so Jane relaxed.

Almost immediately, her peeing became extremely pleasurable.

She was peeing harder and harder, more than she ever had before in her life. She was blushing, panting, and moaning from the sensation. She was still holding weakly onto Suzan’s hand for some reason, a seeming last touch with familiar reality as her urethra was taking her round the moon and back.

Suzan wasn’t sure what Jane’s various exclamatory sounds meant, so she asked, “Are you okay?”

Jane threw her head back, and moaned, “Yeeeees…!”

Susan blushed herself, and hunched a bit from happy embarrassment. At least something good was coming of the accident yesterday.

Jane went back to observing her stream, and the puddle she was making. It was hardly believable! [picture occurs here] Meanwhile, Lily had also gotten up to comfort Jane, but, like Suzan, was now staring in amazement as Jane continued to power piss, far surpassing what her bladder could’ve possibly been carrying to start with. Although it seemed like stream would eventually be proven finite, Jane certainly wasn’t going to be done any time soon, and she didn’t want to be done yet, either.

