Part 1 : 5 TV Characters I`d Love To See Wet Their Pants

Author: Arnold

*000*2024-02-22 22:16

Laurie Partridge (The Partridge Family)

It’s an old show business adage to always go to the bathroom before going on stage. And mom Shirley always reminds her kids of that when they perform. And, understandably, she makes a particular point of reminding her youngest children of that. One would assume that Laurie and Keith are old enough to handle their bodily functions on their own. But today, the Partridges are playing an outdoor concert and Laurie doesn’t like that there are only smelly portable bathrooms available. She really doesn’t have to go that bad at first so she just decides to wait.

But, as the show goes on, Laurie begins to regret that decision. Soon she is sitting there at her piano desperately twisting her legs together trying to hold it in. It’s a noble effort as she almost makes it to the end of the show. The operative word, though, is ALMOST. As the Partridges are playing their next to last song, the damn bursts. Laurie is now peeing uncontrollably and her pants are soaking up the flow. “I’ve always worried about Tracey doing that at one of our performances,” mom Shirley admonishes Laurie in a decidedly disappointed tone, “I certainly never thought it would be you instead.” Laurie, of course, is thoroughly embarrassed. Danny, on the other hand, finds the whole thing quite amusing.

Lorelei Gilmore (The Gilmore Girls)

With all the coffee that Lorelei drinks, she’s always very careful about the needs of her bladder. And she’s particularly carefully, of course, to stop off and use the ladies’ room as she arrives at Chilton Academy for daughter Rory’s graduation. It’s a proud moment not only for Rory but for her mom as well. Rory is the valedictorian of her class. You’d think that Rory would be nervous at giving the valedictory address but Lorelei seems even more nervous. She’s so nervous, in fact, that she drinks even more coffee than usual this morning. As Rory gives her speech, Mom starts to feel the effects of all that coffee.

But there’s no way she’s going to miss any of her daughter’s speech – not even to go to the ladies’ room. Obviously – being the coffee addict that she is – she’s held in an uncomfortably full bladder before. But this time, unfortunately, it’s just too much. Of all the times for her usually strong bladder to fail her, the gorgeous brunette simply can’t hold it any longer. As Rory and her classmates are getting their Chilton diplomas, Lorelei is sitting there shamefully peeing her pants. And it’s a lot, too. Before it’s all over, Lorelei’s tight jeans are totally soaked with pee. As she meets with Rory and her own parents just after the ceremony, she keeps telling herself that we’ll all laugh about this someday.

Barbara Cooper (One Day At A Time)

This sometimes shy good girl is a bit shy about her toilet matters as well. It’s not so much that she won’t pee at school – she will pee at school if she needs to although pooping at school is certainly out of the question – it’s just that she is shy about asking permission to go the girls’ room. Barbara oftentimes finds herself sitting in class holding it in because she’d rather wait and go on her own rather than asking the teacher’s permission to go to the girls’ room. But on this day she waits just a little too long and thoroughly wets her pants as she’s running for the girls’ room. Embarrassingly, Barbara then has to call her mother at work to bring her dry clothes here at school. “Really, Barbara? – You kind of expect to get a call like that when your daughter is in kindergarten,” her mom lecture her, “But certainly not when she’s in HIGH SCHOOL!”

Six LeMeure (Blossom)

Six and her best friend Blossom never have any classes together. Blossom is an academic superstar and is in all the school’s toughest classes. And Six ……… well, just isn’t. But they always somehow seem to have lunch period together and they really enjoy that. And part of their lunchtime ritual is always a midday trip to the girls’ room. They go together and they always try to take adjoining stalls. Blossom sits comfortably and relaxed as she takes care of her business. Six, on the other hand, always just pops a squat and never touches the toilet seat. “How can you just sit down on these disgusting toilets?” Six would ask her friend. “Really, Six, there not so bad – there’s no reason why you can’t just sit down and be comfortable.” Blossom would tell her.” “Never!” Six would tell her adamantly, “They’re lucky I even pee here at all – They’re lucky I don’t just hold it in all day.”

The two best friends won’t typically meet up again until the end of the school day and walk home together. But they won’t be walking home together today. It seems that today, Six has detention – AGAIN! – for talking in class. “Well, I’ll see you in an hour,” she glumly tells Blossom as she goes off to serve her punishment. “Do you need a pit stop first?” Blossom suggests, pointing to the girls’ room across from where their lockers are. Rules at their high school are very strict about nobody leaving the detention room until detention is over. But Six brushes off Blossom’s suggestion. “I think I’ll wait,” she tells Blossom, once again expression her derision for school bathrooms. “Once per day in the school bathroom is enough for me,” she says.

Six arrives at detention and sits down to do her time. Today, there’s a big crowd so at least she’s not alone. As the hour drones on, Six really starts to feel a fullness in her bladder. Maybe Blossom was right that she should have made that pit stop beforehand. Once the hour is finally over, Six gets up to leave with most of the others. A few students – most of them having committed more serious offenses – have to stay for 2 hours. With her bladder now as painfully full as it is, Six decides that she’d better use the girls’ room before heading home.

But just as Six heads for the door to leave, the teacher stops her. “Where do you think you’re going, young lady?” she asks her. It seems that Six – as a multiple repeat offender for talking in class – has not one but two hours of detention to serve this afternoon. She tries to argue that but it’s, of course, to no avail. Failing that, she next asks for permission to just be allowed to use the girls’ room beforehand. To that she is just reminded of the rules that no one may leave detention until they’ve served their time. “Please, ma’am – I really have to go,” Six pleads. But the teacher just shakes her head and sticks to the rules. “You’re a big girl, Six,” she tells her, “You can hold it.”

But the fact of the matter is that she can’t. Six tries but she simply cannot wait that long. Little by little, the poor girl’s bladder fails her right there in detention. She holds on to a point – it’s not like it all just explodes out of her in a flood – but spurt by spurt, one leak at a time, Six’s pee escapes into her pants. And it’s enough that before the second hour of her detention is over, her skin-tight jeans are very wet with pee. As she finally does leave detention that afternoon, there’s a huge wet spot across her backside for everyone to see. And by the next day in school, everyone, of course, is talking about it.

Theodora (Teddy) Duncan (Good Luck Charlie)

It’s lunchtime at South High School and that’s a happy time for Theodora -- also known as “Teddy.” Not only is it a chance for Teddy to relax and eat lunch, but a chance to talk to friends and catch up on the latest gossip. And part of Teddy’s usual lunchtime routine is a trip to the girls’ room. It’s, of course, a perfect opportunity to empty her bladder in anticipation of the rest of the school day. But today, as lunch period winds down and she heads for the girls’ room adjacent to the cafeteria, she’s aware of something more than her usual lunchtime need to pee. Now, Teddy is a smart girl and she’s always been realistic about sometimes needing to poop in the girls’ rooms at school. She’s never been one of those girls who just holds it in all day and waits until she gets home. Teddy has, in fact, pooped in the various South high school girls’ rooms on more occasions than she can count.

But on this occasion – as she looks around at a girls’ room packed with the usual lunchtime crowd of other girls – Teddy decides to just wait. Not being particularly shy about doing it in the girls’ room here at school is one thing. Still she’d rather not do it in a girls’ room crowded with other girls. Teddy decides to just wait until Chemistry class next period and go both ways then. She can get a pass from the teacher and then just go during class time when she’ll likely have the whole girls’ room to herself.

It’s a good plan except that Mrs. Jeter -- her Chemistry teacher – is in an unusually foul mood today. “I just saw you coming out of the girls’ room last period,” she tells Teddy as she denies the senior beauty a bathroom pass. But Teddy has to go and as the period – actually a double period since today is lab day – goes on, the pressure in her bladder becomes more and more intense. And the fact that she’s holding in a bowel movement as well doesn’t help. “Please, Mrs. Jeter -- I really have to go,” Teddy asks again later in the period. “Teddy, I saw you coming out of the girls’ room last period,” Mrs. Jeter reminds her, “I really find it hard to believe that a girl your age really has to go again so soon.” Reluctantly, Teddy has no choice but to explain to her that she didn’t really “go” then. Mrs. Jeter just looks at her in disbelief. “If you didn’t go then when you had the chance, that’s your problem,” she tells Teddy, “So now you’re just going to have to wait until class is over.”

The class had a substitute teacher yesterday and that sub left a bad report on the behavior of the class. So Mrs. Jeter is in no mood to grant the class any favors today. And when she denies the class their usual break between the two class periods, Teddy knows she’s in trouble. She considers just getting up and running for the girls’ room anyway – even without permission. But she knows she can get into big trouble for that. Teddy tries asking – make that BEGGING – one time to get permission to go. “Enough with the melodramatics already, Teddy,” Mr. Jeter tells her angrily, “You’re a big girl now, Teddy – I think you can hold it.”

But Teddy soon reaches that point where she knows she can’t hold it in much longer. She feels a strong surge from her bladder and she rises attempting now to make a break for the girls’ room. But in clamping that off, she next feels a strong surge coming from her bowels. And as she shifts her efforts to control that instead, disaster strikes. Suddenly, a seeming explosion of pee comes pouring out. And the poor girl can only stand there in class just hopelessly flooding her jeans. And Teddy dare not shift her focus to controlling her bladder for fear of losing control over her bowel movement instead. As more and more pee flows out, it, of course, draws the attention of the rest of the class. A shocked Mrs. Jeter then signals FINALLY that Teddy has her permission to go to the girls’ room.

Now gaining at least some sense of control, Teddy then bolts from the classroom and makes her way down the hall to the girls’ room. It’s only a short trip but once she gets there and gets her jeans and panties down it’s way too late. She does at least manage to do the bowel movement in the toilet – she’s at least thankful for that – but she only has a few little drops of pee left for the toilet. Her panties and jeans are literally soaked with the rest. The poor girl sits on the toilet crying for a while. Eventually -- waiting until the hallways clear out at the start of the next class period – she makes her way to the nurse’s office to phone home for a change of clothes.

