Essay on why I love my diaper

Author: abdlboy21

*000*2018-05-14 21:37

This is a fictional assignment written as an essay on "something you love", perhaps as an ELS class or something. Use your imagination ;)

Why I Love My Diaper

I love my diaper. My diaper makes me very happy. Everyday when I get home, if I've been good that day, mommy lets me change out of big boy undies and into a diaper. Mommy isn't my real mommy, I just call her mommy because she told me to and it makes her feel very happy. Just like how I get happy when I wear a diaper! Mommy says good boys can peepee in a diaper, but if I'm a bad boy I have to use the toilet. This makes me so sad, but it makes me wanna be a good boy more. Whenever I'm allowed to wear my diaper, I make sure to drink a lot of water so I can go peepee as much as I want.

I hold it in until I'm nice and full, and then I feel so good when I pee all at once. Sometimes on laundry day, mommy will even give me an extra special treat and allow me to wet the bed. We start by waking up on laundry day and mommy will snuggle extra close to me. She will giggle and whisper in my ear "good morning my perfect boy!" Then I will wake up and feel my full bladder. "Good morning mommy! I gotta go potty. Can I peepee in a diaper?" Then mommy will say "today is your favorite day, you get to peepee in bed with mommy!" I smile big as mommy goes peepee while cuddling me, warming me up nice and well. I start to peepee too, and we both sigh as our bladders get less full. Together mommy and I can make a huge wet spot! I love mommy so much.

