A Dancer's Despair

Author: Aquarius_Air

*000*2018-03-13 05:36

"Kelsie! Time to leave for dance class! Remember its that special Saturday workshop you wanted so badly to attend? You can't be late for that! Ms. Delaney said there would be some valuable lessons on pointe!" Morgan Dayson called to her step-daughter. Kelsie was a serious dancer, and was extremely good at age 18.

"Coming Morgan! I'm almost done with my hair." Kelsie called back. She sprayed her perfect bun with Big Sexy Hair hair spray. It was the best brand for her long, straight, brown hair. Kelsie looked in the mirror once more to check that everything was to perfection. Not a hair our of place.

She grabbed her dance bag, which had an embroidered picture of ballet shoes on it, and ran out the door to her mothers car.

"I can't wait until I get my car so I can bring myself to class." Kelsie said to her stepmother.

"I am waiting for that day too. Then I won't have to drive you to all of these dance... Things." Morgan told her.

"Morgan! They aren't things! They're important workshops! Especially if I want to get into dance school when I graduate."

"Well, that is one year away so I suggest you focus on now. Now being your grades at school and perfecting your technique in ballet."

"Okay, okay! Bye mom, love you!" Kelsie slammed the door of the car when they parked at the studio. Morgan smiled, crossing her legs. Her stepdaughter was very dedicated to dance. Morgan hadn't had the chance to pee since last night either.

"Hey Kelsie! Hurry up, the workshop with Madame Belmont is about to start." Maria greeted her friend.

"I know, I'm coming. I have to use the bathroom though..." Kelsie trailed off, realizing she didn't have time. i'll just have to hold it for a few hours, she thought.

"Alright dancers! I'm Madame Belmont, and you will work hard today. To the barre, now. Start with pliés!"

As the class dragged on through plies, tendus, degages, ron de jambes, barre stretch, fondue, developpe, frappe, and finally grand battements. Kelsie was starting to feel her bladder straining for release. But she was a dancer, and dancers never showed anything like that. Ballet dancers had iron bladders, and Kelsie was no exception.

"Now dancers, I want to see pirouettes across the floor." Madame Belmont watched Kelsie go first. Though her bladder hurt, she turned across the floor as usual doing an extremely good job.

"Excellent Miss Dayson. Now Miss Rovelle."

Kelsie had to pee very badly now. It was all she could do to keep from squirming. With only a little time left in class, she hoped she could make it.

More floor work continued, Kelsie's desperation growing with each exercise. Finally, when she could hardly move without showing her need, Madame Belmont had the dancers gather in a circle to talk with them about warm up habits, flexibility exercises, and a few more things.

Kelsie leaked a few drops into the tights. She looked down quickly, relieved it didn't show. She couldn't wait much longer.

"And that concludes this class. Remember the techniques I have taught you, and have a good day."

The dancers flooded into the changing room, and Kelsie leaked again. She would pee herself any time now. Kelsie quickly grabbed her bag and ran outside to her stepmothers car. She didn't even bother to put on her sweatpants.

"Kelsie, are you okay?" Morgan asked as she got in the car.

"I'm about to pee my pants... Oh god, I'm leaking." Kelsie cried out, crossing her legs and stuffing her hand between them.

"Why didn't you go at the studio?" Morgan asked.

"I didn't have time. Oohhh god. I.... I can't.... I n... Need to pee. Oooh." Kelsie spurted into her leotard, creating a small wet spot.

"Kelsie, if you wet yourself you know I might consider putting you in diapers. You really can't do this." Morgan told her.

"No, Morgan, please! I just.... Aaaaaah. No no no. Its coming out. Oh god. I can't." Kelsie spurted again. Her pee soaked through her leotard into the seat.

"Kelsie, not in my car. Look we're home. At least don't wet yourself in the car." Morgan said.

Kelsie dashed into the house and set down her bag. She spurted again as Morgan came inside.

"I can't move. I have to.... Oh god. Its coming. I'm peeing myself. Oh, its feels so good..... Aaaaah." Kelsie peed through her dance clothes onto her dance bag at her feet. She peed onto the floor and even on her stepmothers feet!

"That felt to good.... To finally let go... Please Morgan. I don't want diapers... If I'm going to ever wet I want it in my pants.... Not in a diaper... I want it like you do it...." Kelsie said in a slight daze of relief.

"What? How did you... How did you know I like to wet myself?" Morgan asked her stepdaughter.

"You do it all the time at night. I hear you, and see you. And now I know why. God this feels amazing."

"Alright. Go get yourself cleaned up. And maybe we can ho!d it together tonight.

###

Want to see more of this? Let me know.

*002*2018-03-13 12:51

{{5 hours ago, Macson said:

I found this to be a very exciting story. Something I really enjoyed was that the pace of the story seemed to correspond to the level of desperation Kelsie was feeling. Like in the more desperate moments, the pace got faster. I would've enjoyed descriptions for what they looked like, at least Kelsie. I also think it would've added to the story if you described the ballet outfit for those who are unfamiliar with it. Its a visual aid which definitely adds to the story. In my opinion, anyway. One last note was the timeline of the story. There was not really any time between when they left the dance studio and got home. Also the time elapsed at the end seemed a little short.

I just realized that it seems like I'm being very critical. I want to point out that I really enjoyed the story and I hope to see more of it. These were just some things that I thought of that would've made the story even better for me :-).

}}

Thank you so much! I really do appreciate any critical comments that can help me improve my writing. Although some people get a bit... Mean with them, you did nothing of the sort. I danced for years, starting when I was three, so I didn't really think about how many people wouldn't what ballet dancers wear, or even what the steps are for that matter.

