You had an accident

Author: Alex_nb

*000*2025-04-19 08:15

This is an attempt I made at writing a short novel, influenced by the style of my favorite writers

It was mostly an exercise in writing (I didn't use any AI).

But I had fun writing it and thought it might be worth sharing.

Comments are very welcome - I might try again if people like it.

Warning: contains nudity and sex.

You had an accident. It happened perhaps 20 minutes ago. You were sitting with a bunch of friends in a little, stinky restaurant in calle Piedras. They were having bitter arguments about the latest book by a certain Aristide Perato, an Italian writer you had barely heard about. You were leaning against your chair, sipping your glass of (really not good) red wine, utterly bored by the conversation. That’s when you realized you needed to pee, and you decided you would just ignore it and hold, mostly out of boredom. The intensity of the arguments didn’t seem to fade. Your friend Carlos had been speaking for about ten minutes, insinuating not even subtly that Perato is a plagiarist, when you leaked first. You felt a sharp pain in your bladder, and shortly after a few trickles ran down your skin, quickly being absorbed by the thick fabric of your underwear.

You could now feel the damp underwear against your skin, and you didn’t care. You made a last attempt at engaging with the conversation, but in all honesty, you had not read the book and you really didn’t care about this Perato. Another sharp pain, another leak. The front of your underwear now felt saturated, and a few trickles had made their way towards your butt. Shortly, a wet patch would form around your crotch. You were wearing black velvet trousers, and the restaurant was illuminated pretty poorly. In that diffuse light, you knew it would take long before the wet patch would show up. But you also knew that a full blown accident was now definitely going to happen soon, with a good chance of leaving a puddle on the floor.

That had to be avoided. Slowly, you looked around to locate the bathroom. It was the first time your friends dragged you to that sordid dive. You couldn’t locate the bathroom, and another sharp pain told you that the full voiding was going to happen within a minute. You opted for murmuring something to your neighboring friends about having some urgent stuff to do. You nodded some goodbye to the table that mostly went unnoticed. You stood up, causing another long leak, and headed for the exit, doing your best to walk normally while keeping your pelvic muscles clenched. As soon as you put your feet outside the restaurant, the fresh air of the night hit your nose and your bladder, and the full release happened. You felt the pee coming out from your urethra, you couldn’t do much about it. It hit the damp fabric of your underwear, quickly trickled through it.

It fell down along your legs, dampening your pants, filling your shoes, releasing hot steam in the cool air. You walked nonchalantly along calle Piedras, enjoying every single drop. Slowly, walking became less comfortable as you felt the damp trousers sticking to your legs, the wet underwear rubbing against your private parts. This is where you are now. But you don’t care. The city is poorly lit, there are few people around. You go down Calle Piedras until you cross Independencia and reach Carlos Calvo.

There are a bunch of bookstores there, and you saved enough last week to consider buying a few used books. You enter the first bookstore and look around. The owner is sitting at his desk, smoking a cigarette. He is reading the latest book of Aristide Perato. You can't resist the idea of throwing him a distracted "good book, huh?", to which he does not answer. You make your way into the English literature shelves and look for something you might want to read tonight. A guy is there, reading something. The guy is good looking. He’s actually hot. He has a shock of blond hair that falls over his face, and bright blue eyes. He is tall, and poorly dressed.

He looks shabby. You are immediately attracted to him. You approach him, pretending that you are interested in a book on the shelf near him. You randomly pick one. “The Accidental Woman” is the title. Obviously you've never heard of it, and you start browsing through it absentmindedly. “Good book, huh?” says the hot guy. Is he teasing you, for what you told to the owner? Probably not. You reply with a distracted smile.

He says something about how that book made him depressed a long time ago, but it was worth it. You invite him for a walk, proceed to pay for the book, and seconds later you are walking on Carlos Calvo. The guy says you could sit somewhere and have a drink. You say you are broke and can’t afford one, but you must have a leftover bottle of whisky at home, so why don’t we go there, it’s just a few blocks away. You walk a few blocks south along Bolivar, and reach your apartment on the second floor of a short building, near Parque Lezama. You lead your guest in, he climbs the steep stairs behind you. You wonder whether you have a damp patch on your butt, and whether your guest can see it. You find your keys and enter the apartment.

It’s messy, as usual, but the bottle is there. With a nod you invite your guest to sit on the sofa, which he does without much ceremony. You don’t know what to do now. Your pants are a mess, you can’t sit on the sofa in that state. You opt for standing. You take two glasses from the kitchen and pour whiskey for both. Your guest is an English writer. He is traveling through the country in search of inspiration, or at least, that’s what he says. You think he’s really cute and you are distracted, also because the messy state of your underwear is now starting to seriously turn you on. He doesn’t seem to realize it at first as he keeps talking about his travels. You drop a few flirtatious sentences in the conversation, which finally seem to shake things up a bit. Your guest seems to be looking at you more carefully now and he flirts back.

If he’s not a total idiot, he must have noticed something by now. The apartment is also dimly lit, but the wetness on the trousers is visible, and a faint smell is also starting to be felt. You finally notice the guy staring at your crotch and a little spark lighting up in his eyes. He stands up, glass in his hand, and comes closer. He is still talking about some trip he did outside town, which seemingly only brought him images of grass and cows. You don’t care. You decide that it’s enough chatting. You approach him and softly stamp a kiss on his mouth. “Wanna fuck?”, you say. He seems surprised, but from his reaction it’s clear that yes, he wants to fuck. It’s only a few seconds later that he starts playing with the belt of your trouser, clumsily attempting to undress you. His hands are now touching your crotch and he must be feeling the wetness.

You feel your body tense up a little, waiting for the verdict. But it doesn’t come. He finally managed to pull your pants down. Your white underwear is out there, with its large, damp patch now fully visible. It extends from the front to the butt, where it reaches considerably upwards. You knew you peed a lot and that’s the result. But the guy makes no comment. While you keep caressing his hair, he pulls the underwear down. Your nudity is exposed now, and he goes down on you. It’s pleasant.

Then it’s intense. Then it’s even more intense, and you cum. He seems happy. Then he fucks you. He fucks you strongly, almost violently, from the back, pushing you against the counter of the kitchen. It takes him a few minutes to cum, minutes that you deeply enjoy. You are both satisfied and exhausted now. You let yourselves go on the sofa, naked and enlaced, a few more caresses making their way along your skin. You grab a ragged blanket from the side of the sofa to cover you and your lover. It doesn’t take long before you fall asleep. Your drenched pants and underwear still lie on the floor. In the morning, when you wake up, they are still there, but he’s not. You will never see him again.

*002*2025-04-21 11:04

{{8 hours ago, urmom.swift said:

This is AMAZING

}}

Thank you so much, it means a lot!

