Buried in the sand

Author: Anonymus123

*000*2023-12-27 23:57

Becky, and her friends, Shina, Miranda, Franny, Jenny, Rachel and Cj, went to the beach.

They had all agreed that it would be a relaxing walk to get rid of the stress caused by college classes.

It took them a few minutes to settle into the small hut they had obtained. They would have to pay for it later, but that wasn't a concern, since they were all carrying money.

It wasn't long before all of them, except Becky, decided to go into the sea. Becky was an exception, as she had recently had her hair treated and couldn't get it wet in the salty water of the beach, so she decided to stay in the shack and keep an eye on things.

Becky took the opportunity to take pictures and tan a little, as her skin was a bit (very) pale, and it wouldn't hurt to take a sunbath.

Several hours passed and they all gathered back in the hut for lunch. The same person who had "loaned" them the shack ran a restaurant, and therefore, the same person provided them with lunch service. All of them, except Cj, ordered some kind of fish. While Cj had ordered grilled meat.

Lunch soon arrived and they all began to eat as they talked.

—Hey, do you think there's a bathroom here? —Jenny asked.

—I don't know. Why? Do you need to pee? —Rachel asked.

—Well...

—If you need to urinate, you can do so in the sea. Everyone pees in the sea —Shina said without a hint of embarrassment.

—Shina! —Miranda nudged her—. We're not all uncivilized beings like you.

—Oh please, darling, as if you hadn't peed in the sea before —she said, putting a piece of fish in her mouth.

—It's kind of gross, but Shina is right —Franny said—. I mean, we've all peed on the beach at some point.

—The problem is, I don't need to pee —Jenny confessed, as her cheeks turned red.

—Number two? —Rachel asked. Jenny nodded—. Well, that's more complicated.

—Well, don't worry, there must be some public restroom around here, we just have to find it —Becky tried to cheer her up.

Rachel stood up and took Jenny's arm. The girl looked at her friend in confusion.

—Come on, we'll find a bathroom.

—Oh no, it's not... It's not so urgent now, just... You know.

—I don't care. We'll go and look for that bathroom, so we'll know where it is and if we have to pay, so that when it's an emergency you don't have to be running.

—Okay.

—We'll come back later.

Both girls left. The others didn't think much of it and continued to eat their lunches.

After lunch was finished and Rachel and Jenny had returned, they all thought about what to do while they rested, and then back in the water.

At that, Franny turned his attention to a group of children who were burying another in the sand, and came up with a wonderful idea.

—Hey, what if we buried someone in the sand? —Franny proposed.

They all agreed, but when it came time to choose who would be buried, none of them wanted to. In the end they decided to leave him to fate, and the one who ended up being the victim was Becky.

Anyway, they all thought it was the fairest thing to do, since they did want to go into the sea, and Becky wouldn't go in, so it would be better if they buried her in the sand. Or at least that's their logic.

They started small, making sure they weren't so close to the sea so that the water wouldn't ruin the process. Cj and Franny were in charge of finding some water to wet the sand and make it easier to bury Becky, since wet water melted less quickly and easily than dry sand. It took time, but they managed to bury Becky up to her neck. The chestnut couldn't even move, but that didn't matter much to her, it's not like she's going anywhere either.

—Don't you mind if we go into the water and leave you here? —Miranda asked.

—No, no problem. The sun isn't that hot or annoying. You girls go, because we probably won't be back for a long time.

—Sure? —Rachel asked.

—Yes, go and have fun, I'll see you from here.

—Okay.

The six girls went into the sea while Becky watched them. It wasn't boring for her to be buried in the sand, on the contrary, Becky began to relax. Even though the sand felt heavy, it didn't bother her.

About twenty minutes passed, and Becky heard a thud in her gut. She grimaced in annoyance as she remembered that, a little early, before lunch, she had had a couple of shrimp cocktails, and shrimp always went down very badly in her stomach.

However, Becky didn't try to think much about it, with the idea that it would soon pass. But that didn't happen. Her stomach began to growl, making the girl uncomfortable. She wanted to run a hand over her stomach to try to ease the pain, but she could only move her head.

Ten minutes passed, and Becky's upset stomach wasn't getting better, on the contrary, it seemed to have gotten worse. The chestnut could only try to hide her pain, as her entire body was completely motionless. The sand had dried up, and her friends had used too much of it, so she would need help getting out of there.

But Becky still didn't worry too much, holding out hope that one of her friends would return to shore so she could ask for help to get out of the sand. However, several minutes passed, and none of the girls seemed to have any intention of returning. They had all gone quite deep into the sea, too far from where Becky was.

Soon, Becky felt like her bladder was bothering her as well. He tried to ignore everything, thinking that his need would disappear. But as the minutes ticked by, Becky felt pretty powerless to hold on anymore. She could swear that her bladder had bulged a little, and the great pressure of the sand on her pelvis wasn't helping, on the contrary, that pressure was only causing her desperation to increase rapidly.

Becky wanted to get up, but the sand was too heavy for her.

At that, Becky saw Jenny hurrying back to shore. She was relieved to see her, and when zhe was near, she called out to her.

—Jenny, I need...

—I'm sorry, I need to use the bathroom —A wet fart came out of her anus—. And it's urgent!

Becky watched Jenny run away, possibly to the bathroom, as the redhead was running too fast and lost sight of her. She felt a little sorry for Jenny, the girl was very desperate and in a hurry. Possibly the food hadn't helped her much. Becky just hoped Jenny made it to the bathroom in time.

The thought of Jenny's desperation caused Becky's men to growl in protest. The gray-eyed woman remembered why she was happy for Jenny to return to shore. But now that hope was gone.

She felt her insides churn and growl furiously again, as her bladder filled with more and more fluid, being made worse by the weight of the stand.

"Please, whoever, come quickly," she begged in her head.

The minutes passed and Becky was still trying to hold on. Even though she didn't have anything to help herself to hold on, she was doing well. But it was the fact that she had nothing to help herself hold on, was what was pushing her over the edge.

Soon, her bladder couldn't hold all the accumulated urine and let it out with a long, hot stream. Becky's cheeks turned red and her face twitched into a grimace of disgust and disgust as she felt her lower back and legs moistened with the hot liquid. She felt terribly disgusted, and mortified.

She tried to look in the direction Jenny had gone, hoping to see her return, but she didn't see her close. That made her feel worried about two things. The first was because Jenny seemed to be his only hope of getting out of there. And the second was because she was afraid that her friend had had an accident and shit herself before she got to the bathroom.

Just thinking about it put pressure on Becky's intestines. She tried to move again, this time more desperately than before, but nothing, the sand was too heavy for her.

"Jenny, hurry up please, I'm about to shit myself here" Becky thought.

The only thing relieving Becky was that the dry sand had absorbed her urine, and the hot humidity was no longer felt, making the moment just a little less uncomfortable for her.

Becky moaned and gasped at a low volume. Her cheeks flushed as a fart violently escaped from her anus. Noticing that there was no sign of Jenny and that her bowels seemed to want to put her through a worldwide embarrassment, she decided to call her friends.

—Hey, girls! Can you get me out of here?! Girls! Girls! —She screamed as loud as she could.

However, her friends were too far away and were laughing out loud, God knows what. Maybe that's why they didn't listen to her. She tried to call them a couple more times, but it was useless, they couldn't hear her. He wanted to ask for help from anyone who was passing by, but there was no one around, not even a street vendor around.

A flurry of farts came out of Becky's anus, who made a (failed) effort to avoid it. After several farts, she felt something slightly damp in her swimsuit. Her body tensed and squeezed her sphincter and buttocks as hard as she could. Her insides continued to roar furiously, warning her that it would be useless to endure, and that she was fighting a battle that she would lose.

Becky at that moment wanted to cry. She would shit on herself and there was no one who could help her out of that problem. The strength she had left, she was using to keep her anus and buttocks tight.

As Becky was about to accept her fate, she heard a familiar voice.

—Ugh, I almost shit myself —Jenny's voice heard—. What do you need, Becky?

—Get me out of here please! It's urgent!

—Well, let's go for the others and...

—No, no, no. I need to shit, now! If you don't get me out of here right now, I'll shit on myself.

—Okay, okay, I'll help you.

Jenny began to remove the sand as fast as she could, watching her friend's face contort into grimaces of pain, suffering, and despair. The sweat clinging to her forehead and her red cheeks were clear signs of his battle.

Despite not having removed all the sand, Becky finally felt that she could move, and she didn't hesitate for a second to stand up.

—Oh, well, I think that I can...

—Take me to the bathroom, I don't know where it is —she asked shifting her weight from one foot to the other as she used her hand to squeeze her buttocks.

—Oh, sure, follow me.

Jenny took her free hand and ran in the direction of the bathroom. Becky was so thankful that Jenny came back on time, or else she would have had the most disgusting and embarrassing accident of her entire life.

Fortunately for Becky, the bathroom was unoccupied and there was no fee to use it. She immediately let go of Jenny's hand and went into the latrine.

She pulled down her bikini bottom and plopped down the toilet. Becky blushed hard as her farts and poop started to sound very loudly. But still, she was completely relieved that she was on time.

Looking at her bikini, Becky saw in horror a large brown stain and a small mound of poop. Apparently, the wetness she felt moments ago had been worse than she imagined. But at least it hadn't been worse, she just hoped no one would notice that.

She spent about five minutes at a time expelling her feces from her anus, moaning and grunting, feeling intense pain in her stomach, intestines and anus. Becky swore to herself that she would never eat shrimp again.

When he finally felt his bowels empty, he cleaned himself properly and flushed the toilet. And after such a mess she left in the toilet, it was a surprise to her that the toilet hadn't gotten clogged.

She came out of the bathroom and saw Jenny, looking in another direction. Her cheeks turned red again as she knew her friend had heard her relieving herself.

—You seem to be feeling better —Jenny said, glancing at her sideways.

—Oh, yes... You know... Shrimp always make me feel awful.

—Well, I'll be back with the others.

—Sure... I'll keep taking care of things.

—Okay.

They both went to the hut, but Jenny went on and into the sea, returning quickly with the others.

When Becky felt calmer and made herself comfortable in a chair, a street vendor approached her.

—Excuse me miss, would you like a shrimp cocktail?

—No thanks, seriously.

The salesman said goodbye to her with a smile. After what had happened a few minutes ago, Becky wanted nothing to do with shrimp.

