Heather's unexpectedly busy day

Author: astralis

*000*2022-03-25 02:20

(commissioned fic)

###

Heather sighed as she stretched her arms over her head. For once her alarm clock had woken her on time, and she was going to actually make it to class with more than five minutes to spare.

—Well, that is, if she didn’t run into a line at the on-campus Starbucks. She sighed again, biting her lip and drawing her knees up to her chest as she checked her phone for the wait times at the coffee shop. ‘A little busier than normal’ said Google. ‘Wait time estimated five minutes.’

Heather checked her clock again. It was ten a.m., and her class started at ten-thirty. With a ten minute walk from her dorm to the building, assuming she didn’t run into a wall of people… that left her with just under twenty minutes to grab a drink. And she knew from past experiences that it was a very conservative estimate; she probably had closer to fifteen minutes.

She hesitated, thinking. It was a pretty chilly morning; the highs were supposed to only be in the low sixties, and her campus was extremely shady from the multitude of trees which lined its sidewalks. So hot coffee would taste good; not to mention it would wake her up and give her the jolt she’d need to get through her classes. On the other hand… as she finished stretching and stood up, she felt the faintest twinge from her bladder. Skipping her morning pee wasn’t the best idea… but after this class, she would have an hour and a half before the next one. She could easily go use one of the restrooms in the building, grab a quick lunch, and take some time to study or talk with her friends before her next class. It wouldn’t be a big deal. Besides, Heather hadn’t treated herself to coffee in a few weeks, and she was desperately craving caffeine, far more than she was craving the relief of a toilet.

With all of that in mind, she quickly dressed, shouldered her backpack, and headed out. The more she walked her bladder’s twinges receded into the back of her mind, and when she got to the Starbucks she was glad she hadn’t bothered using the bathroom; there was quite a line. She stood bouncing on her heels, fending off the residual chills from outside, until at last it was her turn.

She ordered quickly and stood to the side to wait. She had just under ten minutes now, but the first sip of her latte was well worth it. It shot straight to her head, exploding through her brain and clearing up all the fog and cobwebs that had resulted from her late-night study session the night before. Heather took off at a very fast walk—more of a jog, really—and just made it to class on time. She set her latte on the corner of her desk and took out her notebook. Philosophy was one of her favorite classes, but it was also one of the most difficult ones she was taking. Not to mention the professor was the type who was very obviously intelligent because everything he said went right over her head.

(Also, Heather had a pretty huge crush on him, which could make it hard to concentrate during class.)

After class was over, Heather hesitated for a second. She’d drained her coffee and was feeling a little more pressure on her bladder from the morning, but she needed to clarify a few things with the professor. They had exams coming up and she really didn’t want to risk dropping a letter grade, especially since this class counted majorly towards her degree. But she had ninety whole minutes before her next class, she reminded herself, and everything would be fine. So she stood up and tossed her coffee cup in the trashcan before calling her professor’s name.

He turned and smiled at her, and she felt warmth blossom in her chest. “Yes, Heather?” he said.

“Do you have a second, Neil?” she asked. (He was always encouraging them to call him by his first name. It was still kind of awkward for Heather, although it certainly made it easier for her to imagine the two of them as husband and wife!)

“Yes, of course,” he said. “Let’s go to my office.”

They walked together down the hallway and into Neil’s office. Heather leaned against the desk while Neil booted up his computer, casually crossing her legs. Standing up and walking was definitely making her problem a little more apparent.

“So what can I do for you?” Neil asked.

Heather took her notebook out of her backpack. She flipped to the notes she’d taken that day and showed him what she was having an issue with. He slipped on his glasses to look more closely and she felt another burst of warmth in her chest. Neil had very nice black frames that made him look so scholarly and distinguished.

“Ah, yes,” he said, after a few seconds of reading her notes. “Yes, this is a really difficult passage we’re on right now. Are you about to go to another class?”

Heather shook her head, sighing internally as the pressure on her bladder seemed to increase just with his words and all they implied. If Neil was going to explain this in depth, she might barely have time to grab lunch before her next class. She needed to eat so she wouldn’t pass out in the middle of the lecture hall—she’d seen it happen to a girl last semester, and it had been kind of a fear of hers ever since.

On the other hand, she had come to Neil specifically for his help. She knew Neil was a very thorough man; he knew the subject matter well. It was one of the reasons why she had such a huge crush on him. When he started riffling through a book from his shelves, Heather lowered herself into one of the chairs beside the desk and crossed her legs the other way, feeling the tight material of her jeans stretch over her thighs and her bladder. She was probably overthinking this, anyway. There was no way Neil could take that long.

And he didn’t, really—but his explanations left Heather more confused than she’d started, so she kept having to ask questions for clarification, and then questions on top of those, and so on. Also, she was majorly distracted by the dark sweep of Neil’s hair over his glasses as he looked through his books and her notes. By the time she was relatively confident she understood everything Neil had talked about, it had been nearly a full hour. When Heather stood, she just managed to hide a wince at the unexpected pressure in her midsection. It wasn’t awful, necessarily, but her jeans were tight, making it worse than it was, and she was feeling a little bit buzzy and nervous from the caffeine.

“You have my email, right?” Neil asked as Heather shouldered her backpack.

“Yeah,” Heather said.

“Well, feel free to shoot me any other questions you might have,” he said. “You seem to have a better grasp on the material than you did earlier, but I want to be sure that you’re as comfortable with it as possible.”

“Thank you,” Heather said, and blushed when Neil smiled at her. She turned and walked out of his office, intending to head straight for the ladies’ room before going to grab a quick bite at the student union, but as she was walking down the hall she ran into her friend Christy, with whom she shared her next class.

“Hey,” Christy said. “Can you help me with something?”

“Um,” Heather started, but Christy bowled right over her, not really listening:

“We can go by the café if you wanna get a snack, but I made a dumb mistake and I really need to look at your notes.”

Again, Heather sighed internally. Christy was a sweet girl—really! But she was a terrible student. She forgot to study or do her classwork most of the time and Heather was always having to help bail her out of whatever situation she’d landed herself in. Heather knew she could say no; that she should say no, really; quit enabling Christy. But she’d always had a soft spot for helping people, and besides, she was too embarrassed to admit her reason of why she couldn’t help right now.

Besides, now there was only half an hour before their class, anyway. Heather wouldn’t have time to use the restroom, go all the way across campus to the union, get a full meal, sit down to eat it, and still make it back in time. So she told Christy sure, waited until her friend had turned away, and tugged a little on the waistband of her jeans, pulling the tight material away from her bladder. As soon as her button quit digging into her skin the pressure eased up considerably. Now confident that she wasn’t going to lose control any time soon she smiled at Christy and said okay.

The two girls walked down the stairs and out of the building towards the café. As they walked and talked about what Christy would need help with Heather’s attention was naturally diverted from her bladder, and by the time they’d arrived at the café and grabbed quick snacks for themselves she’d pretty much forgotten about what had been such a pressing urge. She and Christy sat at one of the tables and Heather retrieved her notebook for Christy to copy from while she ate her granola bar and cheese stick. It wouldn’t be enough for the whole day and she’d have to grab actual lunch after her next class, but it would tide her over.

Inevitably the granola scratched her throat and made her thirsty. She’d already been feeling some thirst from the coffee earlier; caffeine always dried her throat up. She wasn’t sure if it was the best idea, but she bought a water bottle after only a little deliberation, figuring that she could just take a few swallows from it throughout class. It would be better than trying to gulp down enough water from the fountain and then feeling distractedly thirsty throughout the lesson.

“Okay,” Christy was saying as Heather returned to their table. “I’m done. Thanks so much, girl.”

“No problem,” Heather said, sliding her notebook back into her backpack. Absentmindedly she took a long swallow from her bottle as she waited for Christy to finish putting up her own things. The water was cold from the fridge and felt good sliding down her throat. She hadn’t realized just how thirsty she was from the coffee (and probably all the walking she’d done as well) and as she and Christy crossed the campus to get to their next class she drained nearly a fourth of the bottle. She sat at her desk, carefully placing the bottle at the floor beside her feet. Surreptitiously she tugged her waistband away from her bladder again, hiding the movement under her jacket.

This class was more boring than philosophy by a pretty large margin. It was one of the core curriculum classes everyone was required to take in order to graduate and Heather—as she so often did—found herself drifting off within the first thirty minutes of the lecture. The professor was pretty laid back and didn’t seem to care if her students fell asleep or not—perhaps she found the class as boring as they did—so Heather spent a while with her chin propped up in her hand, letting herself drift in the warmth of her jacket, half listening to the professor talk. Eventually, though, Heather’s head began to actually drop towards the desk, and she forced herself to sit up straight and tug off her jacket. She didn’t want to actually embarrass herself in front of everyone.

She rolled her shoulders and reached under her desk to grab her water bottle. She took a long swig from it, then another. The water wasn’t as cold as it had been, but it was still cool, and it worked as she’d hoped, waking her considerably from her stupor. It also traveled down into her stomach and then filtered through her kidneys with what felt like alarming speed; an hour into the lecture and Heather was feeling decidedly more pressure on her bladder than she had been—and now even tugging her waistband away from her bladder wasn’t helping. Firmly she crossed her legs one way, then the other. She began doodling in the margins of her notebook to try and distract herself—long, wavy lines that ran down from the top of the page to the bottom, curling streaks that cascaded like waterfalls—

Whoops.

Heather started on another drawing. A tree with big apples hanging from its branches. She would pick up an apple from the fresh fruit section at the student union; she imagined how good and cool it would taste, the sharp, sour juice running down her chin—

Oh, dear.

Heather abandoned her attempts at drawing entirely, turning to a clean page and struggling to stay focused on the lecture. When she lifted her water bottle to her lips again it was nearly empty and she winced; she hadn’t realized how much she’d drunk. The bottle was a liter; combined with the coffee on top of her night’s worth of pee already in her bladder… She wasn’t sure how much she’d drunk now, but she knew it hadn’t all hit her yet. She knew it would only get worse from here.

She shifted uncomfortably in her seat. There were still fifteen minutes to go with this lecture and while Heather definitely wasn’t to a point where she’d say it was an emergency, she also was really starting to regret not just using the bathroom before she left her dorm, forgoing her morning coffee, and trying to wake herself up some other way.

She remembered how sometimes in the beginning of going to school she’d forget to go to the bathroom during recess because she hadn’t trained herself to remember yet that she wasn’t free to get up and go pee whenever she wanted. Sitting here now in college Heather knew she couldn’t allow a repeat of any of the embarrassing situations which had arisen from that forgetfulness. Wetting herself in kindergarten was one thing, excusable. She was old enough to buy alcohol with a legitimate I.D. now; she’d had sex, she went to clubs sometimes with her friends. There was no way she could get away with it. She’d probably have to transfer to another college and even though that was absolutely Heather being overdramatic she also genuinely didn’t think she’d ever be able to live the shame and embarrassment down.

She bit her pinky nail, watching the minute hand inch closer and closer to the hour. Her thighs were squeezed together under her desk. She was so focused on her bladder that it was actually making the urgency worse. She felt her knee begin to jiggle uncontrollably. Fuck, she needed to pee.

At last the bell rang. Heather jumped to her feet, relieved when some of the insistent pressure eased up from her bladder, but it still wasn’t enough. She could definitely feel a constant, relentless pressure in her midsection now. There was a sharp pressure just below her navel. She had to get to a bathroom before it got worse. She had to. She—

—she was being called by Christy, and also Jamie, their other mutual friend who took the class with them. Heather turned, winced; her hands wanted instinctively to go to her crotch, and she disguised the movement by wrapping her jacket loosely around her waist.

“Yeah,” she said.

“You don’t have any more classes today, right?” Christy asked.

“No,” Heather said.

“We were thinking about driving into the city to grab lunch and go shopping,” Jamie said.

Panic surged in Heather’s chest. Just tell them you need to go to the bathroom first! shouted a voice in her mind. But she couldn’t; she was sure they’d see how desperate she was starting to get, and she was sure also that Christy would somehow figure out that Heather had been holding it since her philosophy class. She didn’t want Christy to tease her or anything; she didn’t want Jamie to know what an idiot she’d been all day. So she steeled herself and said,

“Sounds like fun! Let’s go.”

###

Heather didn’t go to college in a big city, but there could still get considerable traffic, especially during the noontime rush. Five minutes into the drive (they were in Jamie’s car) Heather was beginning to feel just on the verge of frantic. She’d elected to sit in the backseat so she could squirm around without drawing attention to herself, but it wasn’t really helping. The seatbelt pressed tightly into her bladder, and every stop and start the car made just jostled it further. Heather slid one hand between her tightly crossed thighs, hoping that neither Jamie nor Christy looked back at her. She chewed on her nail, staring hopelessly out the window at the long lines of cars. She tried not to think about how crowded the restaurant would be; how long the line would be to the bathroom.

“Ugh, guys, I’m so sorry, I had no idea there was going to be this much traffic,” Jamie said, tapping her hands impatiently on her steering wheel.

“It’s cool,” Christy said. “I’m not in a rush.”

“Yeah,” Heather managed to choke out after a second. “Me neither.” She thought about the water bottle, how she’d drained the whole thing. Why on earth had she done that? The pressure on her urethra was increasing steadily and her knee kept jiggling forcefully despite her concentration to make it stop. Her thoughts were a steady, constant stream of need to pee need to pee need to pee.

Ten minutes later they still hadn’t quite reached the restaurant, though it was within sight now. In the front seat, Jamie and Christy were playing I Spy, and Heather was trying to pay attention, but the ever-growing pressure in her bladder was making it difficult to think straight. It was taking on the dangerous, sharp edge that just verged on a loss of control, and she was really beginning to internally panic now.

“I spy a car wash,” Christy said, and Heather just stopped herself from moaning out loud. The word ‘wash’ echoed and tumbled in her head, and it only grew worse when she saw the car wash herself. Someone was going through it as they drove past. Heather could see the water running in rivulets down the car inside the machine. She imagined she could hear the sound of it sloshing around, pouring, gushing—

She bit down so hard on her lower lip she almost broke the skin. Hurriedly she recrossed her legs the other way as she felt her control threaten to slip. She’d jammed both hands between her legs now and was pumping them up and down frantically, willing the traffic to ease up, willing Jamie’s car to sprout wings and fly. Of course neither of those things happened, but somehow Heather was able to clamp down and hold on. When they reached the restaurant she was half-tempted to just squat beside the car, tug her jeans down a little, and let go right in the parking lot, but she knew that would be a horrible idea—embarrassing as hell, not to mention illegal—so she just got out of the car. She did have to take a second, though, once gravity hit her and she felt the full weight of her bladder between her legs. She couldn’t bite back a whimpered fuck and was glad to see neither Jamie nor Christy seemed to have noticed.

The three girls walked into the restaurant. The hostess showed them to a table; momentarily their waitress arrived and asked if they wanted drinks or appetizers. Jamie and Christy both ordered waters, then looked expectantly at Heather. I’m fine, thanks, she wanted to say, so badly, but that would look so odd, going into a restaurant and then not getting a drink. After a second she managed to force out “a water too, please” and the waitress nodded and walked off. Heather squeezed her thighs together as hard as she could. Just looking around casually she couldn’t see the bathroom, but she was sure that just as soon as she excused herself and got up she’d find it—

“Heather?” That was Christy, calling her name from across the booth. “Hey, you okay?”

Heather snapped her eyes up. She realized her friends must have been talking to her and she hadn’t been listening. She also realized she must look odd; she was sitting a little hunched over, biting her lip again. She forced herself to relax—although she wasn’t able to relax much, because it was getting to the point where the tension in her muscles was all that was keeping the flood at bay.

“I’m great,” she said, smiling. “Just concentrating on the menu.”

This made Jamie laugh, which was great, except that now Heather definitely couldn’t go to the bathroom. Now if she excused herself she’d have to say something like ‘actually you know what? I looked weird earlier because I’m literally about to burst open from how much pee is inside me,’ and Christy would make fun of her until the day she died. The longer Heather put off mentioning how bad she needed to go, the stupider it was going to make her look when she did actually go—it was a vicious cycle, and there wasn’t much she could do about it.

Soon after, their drinks arrived. Heather stared at the daunting tall glass of water before her—it was filled to the brim with both water and ice, and it was sweating. Heather was sweating too, though of course for an entirely different reason. In vain she tugged her waistband away from her bladder again.

She ordered the least liquidy thing on the menu—a green salad with kale, spinach, and lettuce. She asked for oil and vinegar dressing in the hopes that it wouldn’t dry her mouth out too much. Her bladder was so full she wasn’t even very hungry anymore, and the food did help for a little while in absorbing the water she drank, but it wasn’t good enough by a long shot. She tried to take slow, small sips of water, but she must have been thirsty despite everything, because by the time the checks came her glass was empty, and she’d inadvertently sucked down most of the ice, too. She could feel all the water pulsing and pounding through her, her bladder straining against her jeans, heavy and swollen and throbbing.

“Okay, now, shopping,” Jamie announced as the waitress came back with their credit cards and receipts. “Where do we want to go first, clothes or music?”

Oh dear no, Heather thought, panicked again. She was sure she’d consumed at least another half-liter just now, if not more—the glass was tall as hell, it might have been closer to seven-fifty milliliters. If she had to get in and out of Jamie’s car that many times she thought she might actually explode all over her backseat. “Why don’t we just go to the mall?” she suggested, before Christy could say anything.

Jamie blinked at her. “Omg,” she said (she was the sort of girl who said ‘omg’ out loud). “Girl, why the hell didn’t I think of that?”

“No idea,” Heather said, struggling to keep the strain out of her voice. Her legs were twisted up like pretzels under the table, hands clasped around her thighs, squeezing frantically.

“You’re so smart,” Jamie said, grinning. Heather rolled her eyes in response, and the girls got out of the booth. Or well, Jamie and Christy did. Heather untwisted her legs and immediately felt the pressure of her bladder drop; she had to clamp her thighs back together instantly, terrified she would leak. Thankfully her underwear stayed dry, but it was a closer call than she’d have liked.

“C’mon,” Jamie called from where she and Christy had already walked nearly to the door.

“Just a second,” Heather called back. “My feet fell asleep.”

With a Herculean effort, she managed to wiggle her way out of the booth and into a standing position. Her bladder was so swollen and heavy now it was starting to protrude; she could see the soft bulge of it under her shirt and the tied arms of her jacket. She moaned inwardly, thinking again of the bathroom, but Jamie and Christy were already out the door, and Heather just couldn’t bear the idea of drawing attention to her need. She let out a slow breath before walking forward. She had to walk oddly, with her thighs pressed tightly together, but she managed. It felt like she was carrying an overfull fish bowl in her arms, one which she was going to drop and smash into a thousand pieces at any given moment. As she neared Jamie’s car she thought again about squatting and just pissing on the ground. It seemed like a much more real possibility now than it had when they’d arrived. But she knew she couldn’t. She knew she couldn’t, but fuck, did she want to.

She wished she could get covered by her own jacket in the parking lot, tug her jeans off, pull her underwear to the side, and piss. She wished that so badly. As Jamie turned right out of the parking lot and back into traffic Heather thought of all the liquid she’d consumed through the day. She wished more than anything that she’d just taken her morning pee. Not that she thought it would’ve helped all that much through the enormous amount of water she’d drank, but still, it would’ve been better than this. Her bladder felt like it was on fire, a screaming straining sensation which spread from one hip to the other, and they weren’t even at the mall yet. She had no idea how on earth she was going to hold it all the way through shopping and then the drive back to campus. Her heart was starting to pound intensely in her chest. She could feel it in her bladder; in her tightly-crossed legs; everywhere.

The mall was another fifteen minute drive away. Heather sat on her heel, feeling the sharp dig of the side of her shoe against her crotch. She couldn’t bend forward while sitting for fear that she’d spurt all over herself. The pressure had absolutely reached that sharp, jarring peak now, pulsing frantically against the seatbelt. She felt like as soon as she stood, gravity would do its job and the pee would simply come rushing out of her, unable to be held back any longer. She stared feeling daunted at the mall; she’d been several times, but it had never looked so big and menacing as it did now. She stared at all the bushes in the parking lot. None of them would provide adequate cover for her to squat behind. She squeezed her crotch hard as Jamie circled the lot looking for an empty parking space. She thought about very dry things like deserts and sand.

Realistically she knew that neither Christy nor Jamie would be watching her the whole time they were inside. She could rush into a bathroom while they were busy trying on clothes or something. But the problem was that Heather knew also how Christy got in malls—if she was doing something, everyone else had to be doing it too. It wasn’t even a control thing; Christy was just really enthusiastic about shopping, and her personality kind of really aided in that enthusiasm.

Heather didn’t really want to make a thing out of going to the bathroom when Christy was dragging her and Jamie from store to store, and she didn’t want to disappear on her friends, either; make them worry unnecessarily. Still, the idea was tempting, and even more so when Heather got out of the car and discovered she could no longer stand fully upright. She had to pass it off as a leg cramp as they walked towards the mall together, her bladder a heavy constant weight inside her, straining tight and full against her jeans, just at the absolute limit of its capacity. Worst of all it felt like she could still physically feel more liquid running into it, as though all the water she’d already drunk hadn’t yet made its way through her body.

There was a Yankee Candle store immediately inside the doors, and Jamie made a beeline for it, excited about all the different scents. Christy dashed towards the knickknacks (mostly animal-shaped) which were for holding various things: candles, tiny plants, etc. Heather leaned surreptitiously against a bookshelf holding various cooking books, trying to cross her legs as subtly as she could. Everything she looked at looked like a toilet to her right now: the trashcans, the little hollow knickknacks, the ceramic pots lining the walls. Even the throw pillows deeper inside the store resembled toilets: Heather tried not to imagine how good it would feel to squat, pushing the fabric between her legs, and releasing her bladder, letting the pillow absorb all of its contents. She moaned, squeezing down hard on her upper arms, digging her nails into her skin, bouncing her feet frantically, shifting her weight from one foot to the other to try and alleviate some of the pressure.

When Jamie and Christy came back to the front Heather was pretending to look at one of the cookbooks, though of course in reality she hadn’t absorbed a single word on any of the pages she’d mindlessly flipped through. She couldn’t stop herself from digging the heel of her hand into her thigh over and over, teeth gritted as she continued to jiggle on the spot, swaying her hips back and forth in frantic tight motions.

“I didn’t know you like cooking,” Christy said, clocking the book.

“Sometimes,” Heather said. Her face was flushed bright red and she had to untie her jacket from around her waist, feeling overheated as she replaced the book on its shelf before following her friends out.

Walking around the mall felt more like a circus trick than anything. Every step pounded against Heather’s bladder and made her more and more dizzyingly aware that she was getting dangerously close to losing control and wetting herself in front of everyone. Her face stayed hot as she followed her friends from Yankee Candle to American Outfitters, and then to Kohl’s. By the time they’d gone into Forever 21 she was having to hold herself constantly, hiding her hand behind her jacket sleeve, and she knew she wasn’t doing a very good job of it. She was waddling more than walking, her thighs pressed together so hard the skin between them had gone to sleep a little. But she was afraid if she spread her legs even for one second she’d let go; she wouldn’t be able to help it.

Then Christy looked at her phone and sighed. “I have to get back to campus,” she said. “I just remembered I have a study group session in the library at three.”

Fuck, was it not even three in the afternoon yet? Heather felt like she’d been holding it for centuries. She stood bent at the waist, leaning against a wall, while Jamie put the top she’d been looking at back on its hanger. They walked out of the store; there was an exit close by, so they took it, and it was nice to get out into the sun again, except where this exit let out was a full five minute walk from where they’d parked.

Heather stared longingly at the bushes they passed. She imagined herself sitting on the concrete slab behind them, leaning against the building, and just letting go. Hadn’t the ancient Romans had systems similar to that in public? She’d seen pictures in history books of the long troughs they’d used in their public bathhouses, the holes which led straight to the aqueduct system which ran below the city. Disgusting, but efficient. All Heather would have to do was lift up the edges of her dress—did women wear togas? she couldn’t remember—and perch herself right over the hole. She tried desperately not to think of how good it would feel to let all that pressure out. All the pressure which had been building and building steadily over the day inside of her.

She sat gingerly in the backseat when at last they arrived at Jamie’s car. Her bladder was completely swollen now, so much so that she had to surreptitiously unbutton her jeans, because there wasn’t room for them to stay fully clasped anymore. The skin over her bladder was stretched tight and felt hot to the touch, but Heather couldn’t really touch it, because in addition to being hot and swollen it was also sensitive as hell. It felt like if she just grazed it with her nail she’d have an accident.

And as they pulled out into traffic yet again she suddenly felt herself become determined not to have an accident. Not just because of the humiliation it would cause her, but because it had been—what, somewhere around twelve, maybe fourteen hours since she’d last peed? She’d held on this long. Her muscles were tired from so much straining. Her legs were tired from squeezing. But the end was in sight. All they had to do was get back to campus. Jamie’s dorm was farther away, so she’d drop Heather off first. All Heather had to do was make it up the elevator and into her room. That was it.

She clasped her hands between her legs and stared out the window determinedly. The noon rush had finished and the five o’clock rush hadn’t started yet, so there wasn’t as much traffic, but even so it was still close to twenty minutes before they arrived back at the campus. The sharp, relentless pressure pounded unceasingly against Heather’s skin. She was chewing on her lower lip, frantic to keep in the moans which wanted to erupt from her throat. She fanned her thighs in and out, dancing her feet in the footwell of Jamie’s car. Had campus always been this big? Did it always take this long to drive through the streets?

“You sure you’re okay?” Christy asked Heather as Jamie pulled up alongside her dorm. Heather nodded, her hands shaking as she tugged on the door handle. When she spread her legs to get out a hot burning sensation ran up through her urethra and she couldn’t hold back a sharp gasp, clamping her thighs together again frantically, doubling up. She had to go she had to go oh she just had to go—

“I’m fine,” she panted, struggling out of the car. “It’s just—ah—that stupid leg cramp—” She did an awkward twisting movement with her hips as she struggled to shut the door behind her without leaking. She waved to Christy; watched Jamie drive off. Then she limped to the front door of the dorm.

Her key card wouldn’t work.

Her key card wouldn’t work.

She couldn’t believe it. She could not believe this was happening. Her legs squeezed together at the knees and she bowed inwards, clutching herself desperately through her jeans, too out of her mind with desperation to care how she looked. She’d heard about other people on campus having issues with their key cards and had just assumed it was one of those things that happened to other people, but never to you. But it had happened and her bladder was completely filled to the brim, her urethra was pulsing, she was frantic, she couldn’t hold it, she—

A guy walked out of the dorm and she grabbed the door handle. Ignoring the odd look he gave her she rushed in and stood bobbing and weaving frantically at the front desk. “Please let me into the elevators,” she gasped. “My key card’s not working and—and—” Her face was bright red; she was rambling unthinkingly, about to literally blurt to this stranger that she was minutes away from full-on wetting herself. Her legs were pretzel twisted together again and she couldn’t stand still. Her weak, exhausted muscles trembled with the force she was straining on them.

The girl behind the desk gave her a look, but just shrugged and got up. They walked together to the elevator and the girl let her on and pressed her floor number. “You better go to the union soon and get it fixed,” she said, with a glance towards Heather’s bent legs.

“I will,” Heather gasped. The doors slid shut and she finally let out the moan she’d been holding back, reaching between her legs to grab frantically at herself yet again. She couldn’t remember ever having been this desperate in her entire life. Her jeans were still unbuttoned and she began tugging frantically at the waistline of them, trying to pull them as far down as was societally acceptable before she got to her room.

The elevator dinged as it opened and Heather rushed off. She had to pause, clutching the wall, gasping, as an intense wave of desperation hit her. Her bladder cramped and she let out a sound that was half-moan, half-sob, bending double at her waist, legs double-crossed. After several seconds of bouncing frantically she managed to get it under control but she knew there was a timer and it was running down to the last few seconds.

She raced down the hall towards her dorm room, trying to grip herself through her jeans and fumble her room key out at the same time. She got to the door and stood frantically stepping from foot to foot as she struggled to fit the key in the lock. Her hands were shaking and she nearly lost her grip before it finally went in. She shoved the handle down and rushed inside. She dropped her backpack right there on the floor of the common area. She ran into the bathroom, slamming the door shut behind her. The toilet had never looked so beautiful to her before in her entire life as she flicked on the light, her thighs shaking, hands moving desperately at her waistline, trying to unzip the zipper which was squeezed tight around her distended, swollen bladder.

She wanted to just shove her jeans down past her thighs but she knew they wouldn’t go down because of how tight they fit and oh the toilet was right there and oh why wouldn’t the zipper come down it wasn’t budging, her hands were shaking, sweaty, slipping off the metal, her bladder was pulsing, throbbing, so, so full, and it hurt, it hurt to even touch near it. Her muscles ached and her bladder gave another vicious cramp and she let out a sharp gasp, straining desperately to hang on just one more second but it was too late, she was already peeing full force into her pants.

Her urine ran hot and wet down her legs and she watched in complete disbelief as it spread darkly around her crotch before soaking into the fabric of her jeans and then running onto the floor. She stood with her legs a little apart trembling uncontrollably as she pissed and pissed, her urethra aching, pounding so hard she couldn’t even feel relief for a while. The urine was fully trapped between the tight fabric of her jeans and her leg like a hose on full force pressed right to her skin. She couldn’t hold back more moans as her full, swollen bladder continued to empty forcefully right there on the floor, with the toilet literally one step away.

Eventually Heather began to feel like she was actually relieving herself. When she moaned again it was more from pleasure as she finally began to feel the weight lifting off her bladder, the release of pressure even better than she’d imagined. She couldn’t move to do anything but her legs were so weak she just collapsed right there, kneeling on the floor, still wetting uncontrollably. The denim was completely soaked through and there was still so much more left inside of her. She relaxed back on her heels and tilted her head towards the ceiling, another soft sigh of relief escaping her lips. The piss ran and ran out of her, seemingly never ending. Her bladder deflated. Every so often her stream would slow a little, but just a slight bearing down on her muscles got it going again, soft gushes of sound trapped in her pants, soft bursts of fresh heat against the sodden fabric of her jeans and underwear.

When she was done Heather still couldn’t move for a few minutes, so completely overcome with relief and sore from how long she’d held. She straightened up slowly, staring at the puddle she’d made. After a few minutes she stripped off her clothes and threw them in the tub. She pulled out the bleach and poured it on the floor, not knowing what else to do but knowing also that her roommate wouldn’t be coming back for several days, so she had time to figure it out. For now, she stepped into the shower and turned it on, letting the hot water run over her body, feeling lighter and more relaxed than she had felt in what seemed like forever.

*002*2022-03-26 03:00

{{14 hours ago, aumonier95 said:

Absolutely fantastic, this is one very hot story.

}}

Thank you so much, my friend.

