Bittersweet Candy Bowl: Side Stories

Author: AlmightyIdiot

*008*2022-11-18 14:50

&&

Rule 63 of Blackouts:

KAA-BOOOOOOOOOOMM!!!

"Ahhhh!" Paula yelled as she shot up in her bed, woken suddenly by a tremendous boom not unlike a bomb going off. The house vibrated from the shockwave. Heart racing, Paula frantically looked around the pitch black bedroom, wondering if war had been declared while she was asleep. It wasn't until her eyes settled on the window, where she realized the more likely source of the sound. A sudden flash of lighting illuminated the room and the torrential downpour outside. The much softer thunderclap that soon followed finally reassured her of what really happened.

"Goddammit..." Paula mumbled, carefully laying back down in her bed. Hoping the thunder that woke her to be an exception to the many she had slept through so far, she pulled the covers back over herself and tried to return to sleep while she let the rhythm of the pouring rain soothe her nerves. She closed her eyes...

...And reopened them a second later. For some reason this position was uncomfortable. Paula rolled on her side, but found it didn't help. It took her a second to realize, but the sudden movement had agitated something in her lower body. The Somali girl quietly groaned and rubbed her thighs. Ugh, of course...

Slowly getting back up, Paula grimaced as she felt her full bladder stretch and strain as she sat up in her bed. No way I can sleep like this. And of course it was raining. This was not her night. Needing to take care of business sooner rather than later, she cautiously threw her legs over the side of the bed and reached to where she knew the light switch was.

Paula found herself quite confused when the room was no bathed in light. Flicking it a few more times produced the same result. A blackout too? Uggghhhh! Her tail swished around nervously as she pondered what to do. She was too poor to have a phone, but she kept a flashlight under her bed for emergencies like this. Unfortunately she never considered how she'd actually find it with the lights out, and her bladder was too full to waste time digging around. Whatever, I know this house. Bathroom's just down the hall. Paula finally stood up, feeling her abdomen ache with the sudden shift. Cmon, gotta pee.....

Making it to the doorway was the easy part. As she stepped out into the hallway, barely able to see, the bathroom suddenly seemed far away. Paula knew the house well enough, but now she had to navigate her way down the hall, with nothing but her sense of touch, and a good enough idea of the hallway to guide her.

With one hand pressed tightly against her panties, Paula squeezed her groin and used her free hand to guide her along the wall. She moved quickly and carelessly at first due to her haste, only to stop as she wondered what would happen if her foot met something laying in the hallway. If she tripped, it was over. She carefully probed the area in front of her with her feet, before inching forward.

For a few agonizing minutes, Paula slowly crept her way towards the bathroom. Half of what she could think of was how much she needed to pee, a need growing worse by the second now that she was awake and moving, and the constant pounding of rain on the roof did nothing to help. She quickly moved along, sweeping the floor with her foot, before stepping forward, sliding her hand along the wall and taking note of how many doors she passed. Every so often a thunderclap would ring out, but the lack of any windows in the hallway denied her much-needed illumination.

At long last, Paula found the open door to what she knew was the bathroom. Hurrying inside, she began carefully stepping over to the toilet, still sweeping the ground in front of her each time. When her foot touched something solid, she groped around in front of her, feeling the familiar form of the toilet. Finding something to be slightly off, she wrapped her fingers around a thin object and listened to the resulting clunk as she lifted the seat cover. That could've been bad.

Satisfied, and feeling ready to burst, Paula stood up, twirled around, and threw down her panties as she carefully planted her orange cheeks upon the porcelain throne. A deep sigh escaped her lips as her folds parted and she began immediately gushing urine into the toilet, her bladder unable to wait for her to adjust herself. "Finally...." she whispered, leaning forward on the toilet and biting her lip in ecstasy as her fears and worries of the night drained away into the toilet, with a sound that rivaled the pouring rain outside.

While the dull ache in her abdomen blissfully faded away, Paula reached for some toilet paper in preparation to dry her crotch. Her probing finally found an empty cardboard roll, to which she cursed under her breath. Twisting around on the toilet, she carefully felt for a spare roll on the back of the toilet, or lying somewhere on the floor nearby, but found nothing. Not in the mood to drip dry...hmmm.

A bad idea suddenly crossed her mind. It would be a bit gross, but at this point she just wanted to get back to bed. Paula carefully removed her panties from around her legs, bunched them up, and grimaced as she pressed the fabric against her crotch. She grimaced, but the underwear did the job well. Pinching it delicately, she finally sat up from the toilet, feeling refreshed, and began carefully making her way out of the bathroom.

Making it back without the pressure of a full bladder was considerably easier, albeit just as slow. When she finally got back to her bedroom, she felt around for her laundry pile and discarded the damp underwear. A flash of lightning illuminated the room a second later, to a bit of annoyance, but the reminder of the room's layout let her swiftly return to bed. As she pulled the covers over her, Paula finally relaxed and waited for sleep to take her.

*009*2023-05-25 23:40

I wrote this roughly the same time as my friend wrote the above. Had to prioritize life for a good while, enjoy.

During the dark dreches of the night, the town slept peacefully. Black clouds surrounded the midnight sky, blocking any moonlight. Without missing a beat, like a flip of a switch, plasma sparks erupted, overtaking the gentle glow of the sky with its own bombastic brand of light. The lightning sent screeching roars, upsetting the peace. Mother nature continues its tantrum, descending heavy droplets of rain, fierce enough to crack the crust of the earth . If the rampant, raging rapids outside didn’t alarm anyone, their smartphones casting an emergency flash flood certainly would.

Amongst the several panicked and restless citizens, a female Somali gasped, wide awake, as if a nightmare nearly took over. Catching her breath, she scanned her surroundings to no avail. To her left would be an alarm clock, but its red lights failed to glow, pitch blackness has taken over the whole town. Clutching her blanket, Paula laid back down, shivering, hiding herself under the covers. Not that she was afraid of the dark… it’s not morning yet, why would she get up.

The exact time was an uncertainty, but it felt like forever, failing to go back to sleep. As she struggled in bed, her covers twisted and twirled, contorting into an unruly tornado. The sound of rain pounding on the window pane was like hundreds of thirsty boys knocking for attention, to put frankly, it was difficult to keep away from that distraction. Distinct from the crashing tides was a calmer drip, forming its puddle on the window sill, as slow as a grandfather clock ticking. To make matters worse, each drop was a pang to her bladder. Paula cursed herself for indulging in a 2 liter of Blasto Soda before bed. She truly wanted to hold it in till morning came, beautiful sunshine to lead the way to a new tomorrow. But as another piercing flash of lightning streaks the room, her body jolts and thinks to herself, no more.

Lifting the covers off of her, her vision had to adjust to the blackness encompassing the room. Feet blindly reaching the floor, she got down on all fours and searched for a flashlight. Moving her hand swiftly, she smacks it against a support pole for the bed. The impact rattled the area, a long foreign object in the shadows collapsed down onto the poor Somali’s head. Recoiled in pain, she crawls backwards and examines the thing that hit her. It was her baseball bat, now thrown to the side in an act of annoyance.

Reaching out, her hand gropes empty air before feeling another round object. Its texture felt unusual for a light and with a brief moment of thought, Paula unhandled her dirty little secret and checked elsewhere. Eventually, her scouring was rewarded, hiding behind the clutter was her flashlight. Upon a flick of a switch, a radiant cone would burst out from the glass, but she remained in the dark. A smack and a bop, followed by a shakedown changed nothing. All the while, the droplets making their way inside compelled her pee to knock on the bladder walls, wanting to let out. Not wanting to feel that dreaded drip between her legs, Paula choosed to stand back up and tiptoe her way out of her room.

It was only a turn to her left and straight ahead, She steadily walked forward, reaching her arm out so her head wouldn’t get hit again. Feeling the solid wood, Paula moved her hand to the knob and heard the klunk of the lock. As if disturbing some sacred artifact, a loud, ghastly moan came from the other side. Her body trembled and shaked, slowly backing away from the door. Tufts of fur spiked up, wanting to leave their host behind as the scared cat dawdled to make a move.*CRRRRRZZZZZT* Synchronized with the lightning strike, another cry of anguish came from the door. Having no more of it, Paula bolted.

Running backwards, she banged onto the wall and fled down the staircase to her right. Instincts made her ignore her room, she had to get away, going as far as possible. Scrambling with her hands and feet, she miraculously finds the railing and proper landing to not fall.in the black abyss. The windows in the living room briefly lit the room as the storm rages on. Reaching the last step, her orange stripes streak through the room, zipping past the furniture, soon coming to a stop.

Checking behind her, there didn’t feel like there was anything following. But in her adrenaline, her legs buckle together and she could feel the dampness in between them. Pushing both of her hands under there, she tried what she could to hold back against the wave. The woman whined as she was in danger of wetting herself, ruining the carpet where she stood. Her eyes clenched, butt bent backwards, trying to stabilize and think where in the room she was. It was difficult to focus with the overbearing rain pouring and pounding into her thoughts.

Her house has another bathroom by the dining room, she had to be close. Opening her eyes, her surroundings still haven’t come into sight. Extending out her arm, she bangs the wall and weakens her hold, a spurt escapes. Whining from the blow, she uses her new info to tread slowly and feel for a different texture to find the bathroom door. Paula continued to tiptoe as her urge was critical, one more careless move and she could spill. Trailing her fingers slowly against the wall, she felt pictures and soon a convex corner. Her teeth gritted as she searched for the door, it was so close. Around the corner, Paula felt the touch of wood and quickly the metal knob. Opening the door, the cat turned and reached down for the porcelain with her tail.

Unfortunately, her rear end appendage touched the cool water, shocking her body again. Before anymore urine prematurely leaves her body, her butt tackled down to the seat. Amongst the clatter of water outside rivals a jet of piss echoing throughout the house. Her whines turned into a moan of relief, the pressure in her abdomen rushing out. The water inside the bowl gradually changed to a golden color almost like her fur. *PANG* Almost jealous of the woman’s own rain, mother nature striked down furiously and the pelting rain became louder.

Her stream sprayed sporadically and harder from the blast As she sat, Paula played with her frilled fur, unable to rest her body from the nerves of it all. Thinking to herself, she took in some amusement in how loud her piss. Maybe it was the darkness that enhanced her hearing. Wrapping her toilet paper around, her torrent became a drizzle, slowly tapering off. Using a second dose of paper for her legs too, it came to her attention that she never closed the door. It was a bit embarrassing, but there was no one to see her do her business and even if there was, she couldn’t see them. All her past thoughts and worries were thrown into the can and flushed away.

As she stepped out of the washroom, her vision came clear. Walking back upstairs, she noticed the floor was a bit wet at some spots. Tired as she was, she still made an effort to use some towels to patch up before heading back to bed. As she kneeled down, the bathroom nearby opened up. A large orange furred man emerged half yawning half in pain. Nodding at her presence, he briefly told his daughter good night as he stomped back to his bedroom. Keeping her sigh inside, Paula finished up her cleaning and hopped back into bed to hopefully get some better sleep.

