Jen Gets A Detention (A Dawson's Creek fanfic)

Author: Arnold

*000*2021-05-05 02:03

As the bell rings ending the school day at Capeside High School, the halls suddenly fill with happy students. As those students head to their respective lockers and prepare to go home, small groups can be seen together milling about he halls. Three longtime friends -- Joey, Dawson, and Pacey -- gather around Dawson’s locker in the main corridor of the school and discuss plans for the rest of the afternoon. In short order, a pretty blonde named Jen -- a relative newcomer to the school and the group -- is seen walking down the hall to join them.

“Hi Jen,” Dawson greets her. “Hi Guys,” Jen responds, “What’s up?” The group has plans, as they often do, to spend the afternoon at Dawson’s house and Jen is, of course, invited to join them. They are planning to watch the new Michelle Williams movie and Jen is a big fan of hers. “Are we ready to go?” Dawson then asks as he attempts to coral his friends. “Hold on a second,” Jen then tells them as she heads for the girls’ room just across the hall from where they are standing, “I gotta take a piss first.”

But no sooner does Jen take a step toward the propped-open girls’ room door, she is confronted by Mrs. Tringle coming out of there. “You have to do what?” she asks Jen, a definite tone of disapproval in her voice. “I have to take a p…,” Jen starts to say again before she catches herself, -- realizing that it’s her language that Mrs. Tringle disapproves of. “I mean, I have to pee,” Jen then quickly corrects herself. But that seems to annoy the teacher almost as much as Jen’s first choice of word. “It’s called ‘urinate,’ young lady, “ she then lectures Jen, “The proper term for what you have to do is urinate.”

“Proper young ladies do not pee and they certainly don’t take a piss,” Mrs. Tringle continues lecturing the pretty, blonde-haired senior, “The proper term for what you have to do is urinate.”

“You’re a senior in high school for goodness sake,” Mrs. Tringle rambles on, “And you’re still using euphemisms for simple bodily functions, “You can either use the correct term or simply say that you need to go to the lavatory.” Obviously, for whatever reason, this seems to be a sore subject with this particular teacher.

Jen, though, is a bit of an argumentative sort and she rolls her eyes at hearing all that. “Maybe I should say that I have to powder my nose,” Jen adds in a decidedly sarcastic tone. But that only serves to anger Mrs. Tringle even further. “That’s it!” she then tells Jen, raising her voice a bit, “You’ve just gotten yourself an hour of detention.”

That, of course, only serves to anger Jen, but the senior, blonde-haired beauty wisely holds her tongue. “Fine,” is all she says -- albeit in a similarly sarcastic tone -- as she then takes a few steps toward the girls’ room entrance. Mrs. Tringle, though, takes a few steps to block her. “NO!” she tells Jen, in no uncertain terms. “Detention starts now!” she tells the girl, pointing to the detention room, a few classrooms down the hall. “Um…I have to go,” Jen then tells her, pointing into the girls’ room. But Mrs. Tringle just shakes her head. “NO!” she emphatically tells Jen again, “You’ll go to detention NOW!”

But as the two of them stand at the entrance to the girls’ room -- the determined teacher blocking Jen’s entry therein -- Jen continues to argue that she really does need to go. “Well, maybe you should have thought about that before you decide to use profanity,” she lectures Jen further, “You know, I could have overlooked you using a slang term like ‘pee’ or something like that, but using that other word you used is just totally unacceptable.” But Jen argues that it’s one thing to give her detention but it’s another thing entirely not to let her go use the toilet when she really needs to go. “If you want to give me detention, then fine, but I still need to pee,” she tells her. This time it’s Mrs. Tringle who rolls her eyes -- and shakes her head. “If you have to go, then ask properly,” she angrily tells Jen -- obviously convinced that Jen either doesn’t get or simply refuses to get it.”

Jen, though, is a stubborn one and she doesn’t take orders or ultimatums easily. “Can I go powder my nose?” she then asks Mrs. Tringle, continuing -- or rather, escalating -- the sarcasm. The moment Jen she says it, she wants to take it back. She should have realized that her priority at this moment should have been getting to the girls’ room -- but the damage, obviously, has already been done. The comment -- Jen’s stubborn refusal to ask in the manner that she told to ask -- serves to outright enrage Mrs. Tringle. At this point, she doesn’t say much, but simply grabs Jen by the arm and takes her down the hall to the detention room. “If your own fault,” she angrily tells Jen, “Maybe after holding it in for the next hour or so, you’ll learn how to say it right.” As the strict teacher pulls Jen through the door, she tells Miss Jacobs -- the teacher in charge of detention that day -- “one hour for using profanity” as she points Jen to one of the open desks in the room.

By now, Jen is seriously regretting not simply saying it as Mrs. Tringle wanted her to say it. Having not been to the girls’ room since lunchtime, she really has to pee -- well, urinate -- quite badly. She decides to wait a few minutes to let Mrs. Tringle leave and to let things calm down a bit before she explains her situation to Miss Jacobs. Jen is actually happy to see that the teacher in charge of detention that day is Miss Jacobs. She has a reputation as one of the school’s nicest teachers.

But when Jen does finally ask her if she can go to the girls’ room, the usually kind-hearted teacher just shakes her head “no.”

“I’m sorry, Jen,” she tells the girl, shaking her head, “But I just can’t let you go.”

“Your detention is only one hour,” she then explains, “And the rules don’t provide for trips to the bathroom during those kind of detentions.” Miss Jacobs goes on to explain that for 3-hour extended detentions and 4-hour Saturday morning detentions, they do make allowances for a bathroom break, but not for 1-hour detentions. “We don’t really allow them for 2-hour double detentions, either,” she further explains, “Although if you really have to go, you can get one in exchange for an extra 15 minutes of detention time.”

“Sorry, Jen” Miss Jacobs reiterates.

“But please, Miss Jacobs, I have to go -- I really have to go,” Jen pleads. She even offers to serve an extra 15 minutes if she would just let her go. But Miss Jacobs explains that that option is only available for those serving 2-hour double detentions -- not for those just serving a regular detention like Jen is. “It’s just an hour, Jen,” she reminds the girl, “Bathroom visits are simply not allowed in the rules.”

“I think they just assumed that high schoolers could at least hold it in that long,” she explains, “And they just assumed that if you already had to go, you’d have just gone before you reported for detention.”

“But I did try to go beforehand,” Jen then pleads, raising her voice a bit, “I was going to the girls’ room when this whole thing started.” But Miss Jacobs just puts up her hand signaling for Jen to stop. “I’m sorry but I just can’t let you go to the bathroom, Jen,” she tells the desperate blonde beauty, “ I’m afraid you’re just going to have to hold it in and wait.”

Jen, though, is not so sure she can wait. But hearing the firmness in Miss Jacob’s voice, Jen surely understands that she’s going to have to try as she is simply not going to let her go. “You’re a big girl, Jen -- you can hold it in,” Jen gives herself a pep talk,”

“It’s only one hour like Miss Jacobs said -- you can wait.” But Jen’s attempts to psych herself up notwithstanding, it was going to be a long hour of detention. She hadn’t been to the girls’ room since lunchtime and was rapidly becoming more and more desperate to pee -- or rather, urinate. She sits there with legs contorted, squeezing her thigh muscles tightly and even pressing her hand into her crotch -- doing just about anything possible to keep in control of herself.

The final 15 minutes or so of detention are outright excruciating. At one point, Jen almost loses it. Well, actually she does lose it -- albeit for only a few seconds. A powerful quick spurt of pee escapes beyond her control before Jen is able to abruptly cut it off as she regains control. It isn’t enough to wet her pants per say, but it most certainly does dampen the crotch of her panties. But obviously, Jen knows that more is not far behind.

Jen gets up and makes a move to leave. “I’m sorry, Miss Jacobs, but I can’t wait,” she tells her, “You’re not going to make me wet my pants.” But Miss Jacobs manages to stop Jen at the classroom door. She warns her than leaving detention now without permission and against the rules amounts to insubordination and is grounds for suspension from school. “Come on, Jen, you really don‘t want to do that,” she urges the girl. “Please, Jen, you really don’t want to get suspended over this,” she implores the girl. “I don’t want to wet my pants, either,” Jen tells her in frustration, “I really don’t want to wet my pants.” But Jen hears what the teacher is saying. She really doesn’t want to get suspended, either

As Jen reluctantly returns to her seat, Miss Jacobs does offer her an alternative whereby she could let Jen go to the girls’ room immediately. “Well, I guess I could write you up as being absent from detention entirely -- I could write it up as you have cut detention,” she suggests, “And, of course, since you wouldn’t actually be in detention now, you’d be perfectly free to go to the girls’ room if you want.” But that, of course, would not be without consequences, as Miss Jacobs also then explains. “Of course, skipping detention would then mean you’d have to serve to serve two more detentions,” she explains, “You’d have to serve your original detention that you wouldn’t have technically served today and one additional detention for cutting today’s detention.

But Jen, not surprisingly, doesn’t consider that fair. “I’ve already mostly served this detention and I’d now have to serve 2 more detentions for cutting detention?” she asks, mostly rhetorically, “How is that fair?” But Miss Jacobs insists that that is the only alternative.

“I’m sorry, Jen, but if you’re in detention now, you can’t go to the girls’ room until the hour is up,” she reiterates, “That’s simply what the rules are -- You just don’t get a bathroom visit during a regular one-hour detention.”

Jen, now back in control of herself and now with the hour almost done, decides she can wait. She plans in her mind the whole process of her running from the detention room down the hall to the girls’ room. She pictures herself running through the open doorway and immediately into a stall, unzipping her jeans on the way. And then quickly taking down her jeans and panties, she’ll sit down on the toilet seat and get sweet relief. “Oh!, the feeling of relief is going to be so sweet,” she thinks to herself as she imagines her bladder just letting loose and splashing it all harmlessly into the toilet water below. As she sits out her time in detention she tries to focus on that. That and the thought that detention was almost over and it wouldn’t be long now.

Finally, 4 o’clock arrives and Jen doesn’t waste a minute in bolting from the detention room. But in doing so, she finds that she can’t actually run while still maintaining the necessary control of her bladder. Instead, she walks quickly in short measured steps -- still arriving at the girls’ room door in short course. Jen is already contemplating the sweet relief that she’s soon going to experience. But as the poor, desperate girl attempts to pull the girls’ room door open, that anticipated bliss is rudely interrupted. To her utter horror, Jen finds the girls’ room locked. And, as Jen starts to contemplate this situation, disaster truly strikes. Whether it was the psychological effect of her attempted bliss being delayed further or the force used attempting to open the door being diverted from controlling her bladder or Jen simply running out of time, the floodgates had been sprung.

As Jen turns to contemplate which girls’ room to head to next -- that is, which bathroom might still be open -- she feels more starting to escape from her bladder into her pants. Only this time it’s not only a spurt. The spurt becomes a stream and pretty soon Jen -- 18 years old and a senior in high school -- finds herself just standing there in the school hallway as more and more pee envelopes the crotch of her panties and jeans. As Jen desperately tries to clamp down and regain control, she feels streams running down each of her thighs as well.

But as more and more of the yellow liquid escapes and the poor girl’s jeans become wetter and wetter, Jen starts to enjoy the feeling of relief. It’s undoubtedly the most humiliating experience of her life -- a mature 18-year old high school senior wetting her pants like a little girl -- but it’s simply impossible to deny how good it feels to finally empty her bladder after holding it in so long. No doubt realizing that he pants are already hopelessly wet, Jen just abandons any hope of holding it in further. The blonde-haired beauty just closes her eyes and lets it go -- now peeing freely into her pants right there in the school hallway.

By the time she opens her eyes again, her jeans are outright soaked and there’s a puddle on the floor beneath her. And as Jen regains her senses, she’s horrified to discover that she’s got an audience. Three girls who were in detention with her are right there staring aghast at Jen in her wet jeans and with her puddle of pee on the floor. At this late hour, the hallways of Capeside High are mostly deserted -- that much Jen is certainly thankful for -- but that’s only a small blessing to be sure. I mean, Jen obviously knows it’s not like these girls are going to keep this quiet. By this time tomorrow -- or probably even sooner -- Jen’s knows she’s going to be the laughingstock of the whole school.

Trying in vain to fight back the tears, Jen heads down the hall trying to find an open girls’ room. She finally does find one (in the Science section of the school) but she quickly realizes that it’s pretty much pointless now. Having just let it all go in her pants standing there in the hallway, she really doesn’t have to go anymore. And while she does contemplate trying to dry her jeans with electric hand dryers there in the girls’ room, she quickly realizes that her jeans being as wet as they are, that’s pretty much pointless. Jen realizes that everyone is going to know eventually -- by tomorrow actually -- so there really isn’t much point in even trying to hid it now.

All that’s really left for her to do now is head home with her shamefully wet jeans intact and in place. It’s a long, uncomfortable, shameful walk home to be sure. And seeing the new Michelle Williams movie will obviously have to wait for another day.

