Chib: An Omorashi Fiction - Page 2

*027*2023-07-30 07:18

Thank you! ❤️ I'm glad that you enjoy my work! I hope this story can live up to the others; it intersects with one of my Literotica series in Chapter 29. It's cool to meet someone who's followed my stories for a while! I'm also hoping the format on here isn't too text-wall-y. 😛

*028*2023-07-30 19:26

Chib Part 22:

"What are we going to Shell Bay for?" asked Saoirse after she and Pia had left the Nilbog air docks. Dark clouds loomed from the northwest, and Pia steered toward them.

"Miss May needs me to grab some obscure part from Lady's shop," Pia replied, pressing her legs together. She'd forgotten to use the bathroom before they'd left the tea shop. There hadn't even been that much of a hurry; they still had a quarter of an hour before they'd had to leave, but something Mayra had said had been worrying, and Pia had felt the need to leave as soon as possible.

Pia had another need, which Saoirse could smell as much as the nervousness. Saoirse couldn't just sit and watch anymore, so she got up and wandered back. The winds outside were beginning to pick up, and the floor lurched under her feet. One of the cupboards contained a small mop bucket. It would do. Saoirse took it and closed the cupboard.

"I can take over if you want to pee off the back," offered Saoirse, realizing how terrifying that sounded as she plopped into her seat.

Pia gulped, "Thanks, but it's too choppy for that right now."

"How about this?" Saoirse held up the bucket. "I'll hold it so it doesn't slosh around on the floor."

Pia blushed but nodded, scooted up in her seat, and started to raise her skirt.

"You concentrate on keeping us in the air," said Saoirse, gathering up Pia's skirt and lowering the bucket. As usual, Pia wasn't wearing any underwear. "Just angle your hips a bit, and I'll do the rest."

Pia took a deep breath. Her vulva twitched, but she didn't let go. After a few more deep breaths, she finally relaxed and the first of the urine pattered into the bucket. It was a mark of how comfortable she was with Saoirse that she let out an audible sigh of relief, and it made Saoirse's heart flutter.

"How much further is it to Shell Bay?" asked Saoirse while Pia's flow sped up, splashing the sides of the bucket.

"About half an hour at this speed," Pia said breathlessly.

After a short but pressurized pee, Pia dribbled to a stop. Saoirse stayed in place for an extra minute or two, waiting for Pia to stop dripping. The bucket was about a third full when Saoirse stood up.

"Thanks for that," sighed Pia. "It's much easier to concentrate now." Pia readjusted in her seat. There was more air turbulence as Saoirse slowly walked the bucket back to dump its contents.

"You know, we could turn around," Saoirse said, wobbling back to her seat. She kept a grip on the bucket; she didn't want to put it down until she had a chance to rinse it out. "We're going to have to go through this part of the storm again on our way south, and I don't think Mayra would want us to risk our lives just for some airship parts."

Pia seemed to hold her breath for a long moment. Another bout of turbulence rocked the craft, and she turned it around in a slow, careful arc.

May tried to enjoy the breezy coolness on the way to Pia's airship. She anticipated meeting Azri on the boardwalk in between her home and Pia's and was almost there when she found her, sitting on the edge of a boardwalk by Pia's front door with none other than the Nucifera girl. May's heart sank: the Nucifera girl wasn't a person she particularly wanted to see, and in addition to that, May had left the box addressed to the girl back in her front room.

The Nucifera girl was the first to notice May on the walkway. To make it worse, her eyes were red and puffy like she'd been crying. Azri looked up and waved, said something to the Nucifera girl in the low, businesslike tone that she reserved for her patients, and stood up to greet May. Behind her, the Nucifera girl scrambled to her feet and hurried inside.

"What's wrong, May-may?" asked Azri.

Avaris shut the door behind her and peered out the window next to the door while Cyan was taking a drink of water. He made an effort to swallow it before speaking.

"What's wrong, Avi?"

Avaris took a deep breath. "Miss Mayra is outside. I don't..." she fidgeted. Her eyes were red and slightly puffy, and she went over to wash them in the kitchen sink. "I like it here, and the more I talk to her, the more I think I'm overstaying my welcome."

Cyan had noticed Mayra's low-grade hostility toward Avaris. "I'll talk to Azri about it." Avaris went to sit down at the table. "You can sit on the couch if you like."

"Thanks, but I'm more comfortable sitting on chairs," said Avaris. "I don't want to have an accident where you sleep."

"Do you really have accidents that often?" Cyan asked.

"Well...I try not to," said Avaris. "I don't usually go indoors without protection."

"Protection?" Cyan echoed. The various possible meanings crept to the front of Cyan's mind from their hidden recesses. "Do you mean-..."

Avaris braced herself. "Absorbent um...clothing items."

Cyan blinked and sipped his water. "Oh, you mean-"

"Yes. Please don't say it," said Avaris miserably.

Not wanting to just sit on the couch, Cyan brought a book of word games and puzzles Azri had given him to the table. He and Avaris spent the next hour solving them together.

____

I wanted to isolate some images from a recent sketchdump but found that I merged it all because "what am I going to use this document for ever again?" Skeleta (Avi's mom) and Tacca (Avi;s dad), the red-haired girl is Avaris Amaryllis (a different girl with wings named Avaris), Ophelia (one of Digitalis's exes), Aalis, younger Avaris with Aalis (she started with pink hair), mini-blueprints for Avaris's airship, Sean (Saoirse's human dad, based loosely off the ST:TOS Sean Finnegan), and Daniel Wicks in his school (the City of Rain Disco Dinos) tank top. Avaris Amaryllis, Ophelia, and Daniel Wicks are from my "normal" fiction. I've already forgotten what the T.C. on young Avi and Allis's school uniforms. It's also my reference for Avi's surgical scars.

&&

*030*2023-07-31 22:00

Thanks. 🙂 I meant Cyan to say something like "you mean like protection from bears?" and then didn't for some reason. I went back and uploaded a larger resolution. I forgot how much I love Tacca's face. He's such a frickin dork. ❤️

*032*2023-08-02 01:22

Pic is Azri with a weird arm from my May sketchdump. 🙂

##

Chib Pt 23

Pia took the inland route for their flight back. The storm behind them was moving faster than she'd anticipated, and she set the airship down on what appeared to be a flooded abandoned stone quarry. The spot Pia chose was on a wide shelf on the water, protected from the wind by the bulk of the hill it was carved into.

Next to her, Saoirse's eyes were fixed on the darkening sky outside. She clutched at the bucket nervously, visibly trembling. Pia stood up, stretched, and gave Saoirse a reassuring pat on the shoulder on her way back.

"May keeps emergency bedding in here," said Pia, opening up a large cupboard. There was a rolled-up mattress, two pillows, and a random assortment of collector's tourist blankets. "If you sit on the bed I'll pile the blankets on you," said Pia while she rolled out the mattress.

Saoirse balked, squirming in her seat. "I um...I need to pee."

It was still sprinkling when they stepped onto the back deck, and Pia leaned on the railing with an umbrella. Saoirse pulled down her shorts, which still bore a faint urine stain from that morning and the day before.

"Let's wash your clothes when we get back," Pia commented, pushing the lever on the emergency umbrella. The click made them both jump as it unfolded and prompted a startled trickle from Saoirse.

Saoirse pushed her hips out over the bumpy ground about a meter below and pulled up her shirt, taking the chance to look at her clothes. "They're pretty dusty, aren't they?"

Pia leaned over and held the umbrella over both of them.

"And you're still retracted?" asked Pia, watching Saoirse's pseudovulva twitch. Being half Renoige, Saoirse's clitoris was a pseudopenis, which looked and functioned much like a human penis, but could fold in on itself for penetration.

With some effort, Saoirse achieved a spraying stream. She pushed on it, trying to make an impressive arc for Pia, and the rushing stream ran down her butt. "I've been sustaining it, daydreaming about eating you out," grunted Saoirse. The wind picked up a bit, but the rain had slowed. Pia was about to suggest that Saoirse could eat her out right there in the abandoned quarry, until a roll of thunder made Saoirse flinch. Saoirse hurriedly pushed out the rest, dripping into her shorts as she skittered back inside.

Avaris looked up when Cyan put down the pencil. Cyan's face was redder than normal under his sunburn.

"Are you gonna do what Azri suggested?" asked Avaris, forgetting the word they were trying to decipher on their current crossword.

Cyan nodded.

"Would it be alright if I used the bathroom first?" Avaris squirmed; the more she thought about it the more urgent it was.

"We can both use it," said Cyan mildly. "I was going to try it in the shower."

Avaris followed Cyan into the bathroom. Cyan disrobed as he stepped behind the shower screen with its painted cave scene. Avaris found herself staring at it, though knowing what Cyan was doing behind it made her look away. She remembered that she needed to pee, and focused on that instead. She let loose and urine thundered into the bowl, echoing off the bathroom walls. It was embarrassing, but at least it was loud enough to cover Avaris's moan of relief.

Cyan cleared his throat awkwardly about thirty seconds in. "So uh...I heard that we're supposed to have a storm today."

"I heard that too," Avaris grunted, slowing to a trickle. "Then it's supposed to rain all week." There wasn't any noise from Cyan's direction, and Avaris had opened her mouth to ask about it when a knock came at the door.

Avaris padded out of the bathroom and crept apprehensively toward the door. A cursory peek revealed a person with dusky blue hair, who then made eye contact with her. Avaris tried to smile and wave, glad that she'd just emptied her bladder. Mayra had changed into a casual pinstriped sun dress that fell elegantly on her thin figure in a way that made Avaris curse her own love of sweets. Azri was with her.

"Hi Miss Eneko," Avaris said preemptively, only to have a box thrust at her. She took it without thinking. "Oh this is is here early-..." Mayra had an odd look on her face.

"That was delivered this morning," said Azri, taking Mayra's hand. "We're glad you're here since you didn't answer your door. Is Cyan in?"

Avaris tried to focus on Azri; Mayra was staring at her. "He's in the bathroom. He's doing that thing that we um..." Avaris couldn't help a glance at Mayra, who was blushing as brightly as she was. "The thing we talked about."

Cyan emerged from the bathroom, adjusting his shorts and clasping his hands over his crotch.

Azri nodded smartly. "Good, good. Let me know how it works!" Azri breezed out the door, pulling Mayra along with her. Cyan shut the door and they both retreated to the bathroom. Avaris wasn't sure why she'd gone back, so she flushed the toilet and washed her hands.

"Can you um..." said Cyan when Avaris opened the door to leave the bathroom. "Can you stay? I think it would help if I had someone to talk to."

"You mean while you..." Avaris pushed through the resulting blush, knowing that Cyan couldn't see her. "While you...do that thing."

"If not, that's okay. I'm just having trouble," said Cyan, turning on the shower. Avaris considered it: they'd already seen each other with their pants down, both figuratively and literally. Avaris sat back down on the toilet and studied the painting of the cave, listening to the splashing from the shower.

"Didn't Azri say not to rinse it off right away?" asked Avaris.

"It's just for the noise," said Cyan.

"You could try running warm water over your groin." Avaris stared determinedly at the painted cave scene on the shower screen. She could trace the path all the way to her house...Except Avaris couldn't remember ever living there. "It's how I get myself to go if I'm in a hurry and my bladder gets shy."

Cyan took a deep breath and let it out slowly while the splashing in the shower changed. "It's working...I think?"

Avaris felt another urge to pee coming on and since she was already on the toilet, she let it tinkle into the bowl. On the other side of the screen, Cyan groaned softly.

"You okay over there?" asked Avaris. "Or would you like some privacy?"

&&

*033*2023-08-02 23:27

Chib Pt 24

Del rolled over, opened her eyes, and jolted upright. She'd scheduled lunch with Althea for one in the afternoon, and the clock on the stand read 13:03. Del had just enough time to wash her face and brush her hair before rushing out the door. Althea was in the hall, walking toward Del's room. She looked as tired as Del felt and wore the same clothes from the night before.

"Oh good, you're here," said Althea. "How's your room?"

"It's comfortable," Del yawned. Althea led Del back down into the labyrinthine corridors from the night before. "Sorry for sleeping in."

"I'm just glad you didn't get lost," said Althea. "It's too easy to put a foot wrong in this place."

They ascended a long stairwell and exited at the top into a wide room. The entire front wall was a window that looked out on the lake below. There wasn't a wait for most vending machines, and Del was able to pay for Althea's lunch using her ID. About half the tables were occupied, populated by Haman office workers and a few doctors, wearing the same long white coat as Althea. Del got a few casual glances from some workers, but no one said anything; it wasn't the custom in Haman culture to speak during meals.

Del sat down and took a long drink of her coffee. It was surprisingly good for something mixed in a vending machine. Outside the lake shimmered, and Del could pick out outlines of ruined structures in the trees on the opposite shore. She waited until they were leaving the cafeteria to ask about them.

"Really? I've never seen any ruins," said Althea, somewhat more loudly than necessary. She held the door for Del on their way back out, carefully closing the door once they'd both stepped into the sunny hallway beyond. Del could tell from the way her eyes darted around that she was trying, conspicuously, to be inconspicuous. "If you're up for a short walk we can check out the lake shore."

Their path to the lake took them down a few flights of stairs through the office wing through a large room with a similar glass front to the office cafeteria, filled with cubicles. Del could see over the top. Many of them, like Althea, were green-haired. Roughly half of all hamans had some shade of green hair, so it made sense that it'd be everywhere in a mostly-Haman compound. From there, they took a short stairway to a floor-level hallway, flanked by large conference rooms. Heavy double doors at the end of the hall sat propped open in the midday heat, and Del could hear the lake beyond, lapping sedately against the concrete docks. It made her need to pee, but she put that out of her mind and tried to enjoy the sun.

The forest around them was a mix of broad-leafed trees and dark green conifers. Leafy shrubs made up most of the underbrush, punctuated with clumps of pointed ferns and wispy white foxglove flowers. A thin trail wound in and out of the trees along the shoreline, and Del found herself watching for the ruins she'd seen earlier.

"Are you sure you've never seen ruins out here?" said Del.

"I've never seen any ruins here," Althea replied, speaking with a steady, deliberate cadence that gave Del a deep chill in the pit of her stomach.

"Is there something you want to tell me, Althea?" asked Del.

Althea's normally pink face drained. It made her skin look faintly green. "You know that you'll be working with me, right?"

"Am I?" Del yawned, climbing a steep, rocky path up the side of a gully. She was feeling more and more awake in the fresh air. "I haven't received my assignment papers yet. I assumed I'd be at the front desk or on outside guard duty."

At the top of the hill, Althea tripped on a rock and teetered backward. Del was behind her and reached up to steady the small of her back.

"Thanks," puffed Althea, helping Del up the last few steps of the slope. "You're mainly babysitting me, but we've had a few go-homes in the past few weeks so they'll probably call you in for some guarding shifts." The WS was big on security personnel because of how their contracts worked, so it wasn't unusual for doctors to have security escorts. It also wasn't unusual for security personnel to have to go home. They had lives too, didn't they? The thought made Del more anxious than it should've and she tried not to think about it.

Del and Althea came to the crest of a hill, with a steep path leading down to a rocky beach. It was perfect for a short-distance glide down to the pebbly shore.

"Race you down to the beach, wings against feet?" suggested Althea.

Del considered it. "If I do that I'll probably need to-" Althea was already skidding down, so Del spread her wings and glided. The air currents off the water made her path a wide arc over the beach, touching down heavily at a jog in the middle of the beach. Del felt her bladder start to let go and sprinted for an opening in the trees, into a sheltered gap in the low cliffs around the beach. The urine, hot in the shade, soaked into her sweatpants. She yanked them down and shuffled forward into the shady hollow. Del could hear Althea's footsteps coming toward her, crunching toward her over the rocks.

Del turned her back more to the mouth of the trail and pulled her wings around her, facing some thin bushes. Though she could still hear Althea, she allowed herself to relax a bit.

Althea's head popped up through one of the bushes directly in front of Del. Her eyes darted downward and she jumped back behind the bushes.

"Sorry...are you alright, Del? That landing looked like it hurt," said Althea from somewhere behind the mass of leaves.

"I'm okay, it's just my landing reflex," sighed Del. "I'm sorry you had to see that."

"No, I'm sorry," said Althea. "I should've thought first before just butting in. Half my patients are andynes, so I should know."

The plants rustled while Althea squatted down behind them. Del tried not to pay attention to the quiet whooshing noise coming from her direction.

"Do you fly a lot, Del?" asked Althea.

"I train people for flying trials at home," Del replied.

"What are the trials for?" Behind the bush, the low whooshing noise dissipated to splashing and trailed off. Del chastised herself inwardly for noticing it.

"It's for illegitimate members of large families to earn their family name," said Del.

Althea gave a contented sigh. "Do you always get the..." she hesitated. "I've heard the technical term for it before, I should know this..."

"The Autoeliminatory Reflex," Del supplied. "We usually just call it the landing reflex on the homeworld." She took a deep breath and tried to distract herself by focusing on the sound of the waves behind her. It didn't do anything to fix her growing problem, but it made her pleasantly sleepy. Her flow was beginning to taper off, and she tried to concentrate to keep it going. "I don't unless either I land improperly or I'm um..." Standing there with her soaked pants down around her thighs and piss cooling in one of her socks, Del blushed. "Or if my bladder is too full. This time it was both."

"Well, it sounds like you needed it anyway," said Althea. The way she said it gave Del unexpected butterflies in her stomach. She made one last-ditch effort at finishing her business, and when that failed she hastily covered back up.

"It's much better," agreed Del, tightening the drawstring on her sweatpants. "Except for all the wet spots on my clothes...Is the lake okay to swim in?"

"Are you sure? It's cold this time of year," said Althea, stepping through the bushes.

"Right now cold sounds good," Del said earnestly.

Althea led Del to what looked like an overgrown road in the bushes, sheltered on one side by a taller set of cliffs and thick trees on the other. Every now and then, Del caught a glimpse of hexagonal shapes on the other side, protruding from the ground in a visible pattern. It took some squinting for Del to realize what they were. She looked down, trying not to pay attention to how much escaped urine was squelching in her shoes; there were clear wheel tracks in the road, old and disused, but embedded deeply in the packed soil. Del looked up, and the tallest structure she'd seen from the cafeteria window loomed over them, providing some shade in the afternoon sun. It was a stone chimney, choked with vines and a tree growing out of the side.

"Why do you keep saying there aren't ruins out here?" Del said, staring. She felt Althea grab her hand and pull her sideways, her face just missing the tree she'd been about to walk into.

"Talking about them at the facility is uh..." Althea walked on, still absentmindedly holding Del's hand. "It's not something we generally talk about there."

The track opened up to a small paved harbor on the lake. A cracked stone jetty extended out into the water, with several places that looked perfect for jumping in on a hot day.

"Can you talk about it here?" asked Del.

Althea shrugged. "I can, but I don't know much about it. The houses had six sides, at least one person had a chimney, and they must've done some fishing. There are some old boats up the lakeshore."

"Who built it?" asked Del.

"I'm not sure," Althea sighed. "The lake here is connected to caves with known amphibious habitation, but this place looks more like a human settlement, maybe haman."

The water was just as cold as expected; Del jumped in at the halfway point of the jetty, where the water was at chest height. She used her wings to propel her forward up what seemed to be an inclined boat ramp. Del shook the water from her feathers and waded over to where Althea sat on the jetty, soaking her feet in the shallows.

Over the next hour, Del dried her clothes off in the sun and examined the strange foundations in the forest with Althea. They returned to the facility just in time for an early dinner.

"If you like I can pay for the food again," said Del when they paid for their drinks. There were more people in the cafeteria this time, adding a pleasant, sleepy low buzz of conversation in the slowly lengthening dinner lines. "I did eat a lot last night."

As they stood waiting for one of the vending machines, an older haman man with wispy magenta hair and a doctor's coat tapped Althea on the shoulder and said something to her in a quiet, urgent voice, his eyes darting up at Del suspiciously. Del couldn't see Althea's face, but caught the small changes in her stance. The line moved forward. Del didn't, and set down her tray.

Althea's face was unreadable when she turned to Del. "I need to do something at my office. I'm sorry to have to run off like this."

"May I come with you, if that's okay?" asked Del. The magenta-haired man scowled at her. "I should familiarize myself with this place a bit more before I start work tomorrow."

"I don't mind. It's kind of creepy down there, so I appreciate the company," said Althea.

"He's not even-" the magenta-haired man stopped when Althea looked at him. "Well...if you're sure."

"I trust Del, and there's nothing to see. Thanks for telling me, Clay," Althea said, and put down her tray.

Clay eyed Del warily and got into one of the lines for one of the staffed soup counters.

"This shouldn't be long," said Althea as they exited the cafeteria, drinks still in hand.

###

Pic is my first pic of Cyan from 2020. He has no eyebrows.

&&

Two chapters in one day. It's my day off. Nudity warning for the pic. 🙂

###

Chib Pt 25

It didn't take much for Cyan to take care of his problem. He remembered Avaris glancing down while they'd watered the stray tomato plant, and the thought catapulted him over the edge before Avaris had even closed the door behind her. When it was over his knees were shaky, and everything was washing away conveniently under the shower. Cyan remembered that he'd promised Azri he'd get a sample of that particular fluid, and decided that he didn't feel bad about forgetting this time. He also didn't want to put the specimen jar into the refrigerator in front of Avaris.

The door opened again. "Are you done already?" Avaris asked.

"How did you know?" Cyan was too spent to be mortified, but really thought he should be.

"You uh...you made um..." Avaris agonized. "You were very vocal...did you want me to come back in?"

Cyan took a long, deep breath and looked over his sunburns. The hardest place to reach would be the back of his neck, so he decided to do that first.

"Yeah, if you still want to," puffed Cyan. As he caught his breath he felt his bladder relax and leaned back, aiming himself upward while hunching forward, trying to aim for the crook of his shoulder.

The initial burst was underwhelming, splashing his hand, but after another two tries he achieved a strong enough arc to reach his shoulder. He couldn't quite wet the middle, so he filled his hand and splashed it on his back.

"How long does it need to sit on your skin?" asked Avaris while Cyan steered the stream over his clavicles.

"Only about a minute or two," said Cyan. He'd had so much trouble with the back of his neck that there almost wasn't enough for his arm. He looked down at his legs; he'd thoroughly soaked them the night before, and the sun burns had almost faded entirely, with fully-healed spots showing a darker blue "tan" than the unburned skin.

Cyan showered and went back to the kitchen table with Avaris, where they continued solving crosswords with an awkward sort of cheerfulness until the radio crackled to life at the other end of Pia's aircraft.

Avaris helped Cyan with the equipment; the caller was Pia. Outside, the skies had dimmed to a sullen gray, and it was starting to rain. Pia told him that the storm was making it unsafe to fly, and that she and Saoirse had set down somewhere. The storm was forecasted to last into the early hours of the next morning, so they might need to stay overnight.

"If you need anything, Azri said she'd drop by in the evening," said Pia.

The rain started about ten minutes later, and Avaris had to leave to prepare her airship for the storm. Cyan watched her hurry away through the rain and lay down on the couch for a nap, listening to the howling wind outside.

Pia burrowed under the blankets with Saoirse, slipping her arms around Saoirse and holding her tightly.

"Did you really mean that about staying overnight?" asked Saoirse.

"The storm is supposed to be here until something like four in the morning," said Pia. "It'll probably be earlier. We can go back then if you like."

Saoirse fell asleep in Pia's arms, and Pia fell asleep soon after.

Azri's head broke the surface of the water. She and May were soaking in May's bathtub at about four in the afternoon. May had been reluctant to close the dockyard before five, but Azri had been able to convince her in the end. The bath had also been Azri's idea.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" May asked.

Azri closed the gills on her neck, expelled the water in her throat, pushed herself up on May's knees, and filled her lungs to speak: "I'm sure, but are you?" Under the water, Azri could feel May's physical impulses more than she could in the air: the warm water was helping May relax her muscles, she was subconsciously holding her bladder, and though she was feeling amorous, she was nervous about something, and that seemed to be blocking it. "What's wrong?"

"I can't believe I asked Pia to go out there," May fretted. She'd been going back and forth about it since they'd gotten the radio call from Pia an hour before. "And I don't know how to feel about you doing this underwater without breathing."

"May-May, I *am* breathing," said Azri, rubbing May's thigh under the water. "I'm amphibious, remember? And Pia is doing fine. She's being safe, and I think she and Saoirse are going to appreciate the privacy, if you know what I mean." She winked at May, who blushed.

"Azri, Pia's like a daughter to me. Can we not talk about her sex life?" sighed May, the nervous knot in her stomach easing a little.

"Fair enough, my love," Azri conceded. "Now, how about that fellatio?" She leaned over May, cupping May's breasts, and felt her shiver.

"Do you promise you'll come up for air if you need it?" said May despite herself.

"Of course," purred Azri, kissing May and brushing her inner thigh under the water. May moaned, and Azri moved the kisses down her neck, then in a line down her chest. She continued, completely submerged, kissing down May's stomach. The impulses translated so intensely that Azri almost moaned herself; she made an effort not to though, because she didn't want to risk scaring May into not letting her do this again. Azri reached May's crotch and took her into her mouth.

May's hands were at her chest, stimulating her nipples while Azri pleasured her, but as she began to climax, one hand bumped Azri's shoulder. Azri grabbed the hand gently and let May pull it up over the surface of the water. May's moans vibrated down through her body, and Azri braced herself.

"Azri!" May gasped above the water, filling Azri's mouth. Azri swallowed and kept going until everything stopped coming out and the moans died away. The impulses reverberated pleasurably in Azri's body, and she curled up under the water, fully submerged until May squeezed her hand.

May moved her wing for Azri to sit next to her in the water. "You're shaking," she panted.

"So are you," said Azri, smiling up at May. They sat there for a long moment, resting until May needed to pee. She didn't want to get out yet, so she raised herself on the side, facing the shower drain, and rested her member on the tiled lip of the tub.

"May I?" Azri sidled up next to May.

"You spoil me," said May, nodding and allowing Azri to hold her dick, aiming at the drain. She let go in a lazy arch over the tiled shower floor. "Do you need to go too?"

Azri lifted her leg up onto the side and let May try to aim her, spraying everywhere before getting the stream under control. Azri finished well before May. They showered, drained the tub, and went upstairs for a nap. The knot of uneasiness in May's stomach reformed in that time, and tightened when she realized that she couldn't hide it from Azri.

"May, what's the matter?" asked Azri, holding one of May's hands in both of hers. "Is it the call I got out at Chocolate Smudge?"

May's wings tightened behind her. "That's worrying me, but it's not all."

"Don't worry about the call. I know who it was, and I don't think they're trying to hurt you or Pia," said Azri, stroking May's hand.

"Who?" May whispered. Azri told her. "Ugh. Seriously?"

"I wasn't sure at first, but now I am," said Azri gravely. "Now, what else is bothering you?" Azri felt the knot in May's stomach loosen, and May told her everything.

###

Not my favorite pic of Saoirse and Pia buuut it is a pic.

&&

*035*2023-08-03 09:49

Heehee thanks. ❤️ I made the excuse that they have to be good at holding it for long flights (they can hold it for several days with practice), but since being in the sky all the time is cold they can get numb and hold it until it's physically harmful, so the landing reflex keeps that from happening. It's strongest when they're out of practice - like Avi, May, Arthur, maybe Pia somewhat, and Digitalis after he got stabbed in the wing in my "normal" fiction.

*036*2023-08-03 12:55

So I says to the man, "that's not a horker, that's my art folder."

###

Chib Pt 26

The thunder stopped about an hour later, leaving only the wind and rain. Saoirse dreamed that she was in the front room of her house on the Renoige homeworld, staring out the window. She was six years old again, still afraid of thunderstorms, but she'd braved it to wait for-

Saoirse opened her eyes. Pia was nudging her, sitting on the mattress next to her with a bottle of water and the instruction manual for the airship's weather detection system. She marked her place with something shiny and put down the book. The rain pounded on the roof and the wind whistled around the airship.

"Hey, Sersh. I'm going to make some food," said Pia quietly.

The airship had a small but varied stock of instant noodles, dehydrated soups, teas, coffees, rice, and canned stew. In the cupboard next to it was a two-person tent, folding table, pans, a hot plate, and an electric kettle. Pia took out the table, plugged in the kettle, and poured in two bottles of water.

"Mayra really likes being prepared, doesn't she...What's the tent for?" asked Saoirse, picking out a cup of soup.

Pia opened the noodles she'd picked. "It's a thermal tent. Since winter is our busy season, that's when we usually get stranded. If it's below freezing we set up the tent in here and sleep in it."

"Can we sleep in it?" Saoirse had never liked camping, but setting up a tent on the floor of an airship sounded fun.

"Maybe some other time," said Pia. "It's too warm for it right now."

Saoirse looked out the window. The water had risen over the side of the quarry, taking over more and more of the flat ground around them as the rain poured. "It feels kind of exposed out in the open like this though," Saoirse said.

"We're half an hour away from the nearest town by air," Pia reassured her, handing her a spoon. "Who's going to see us out here?"

Cyan found himself in the classroom again, digesting copied pages from a long, boring textbook entry on...Cyan squinted at the stapled packet in front of him. "Haman ethnocentricity," he read aloud, only to be shushed by the shadows at the other desks.

Not really wanting to stay there, Cyan stood up. To his surprise, a hole didn't open in the whiteboard at the front of the class, so he decided to try the door. His shadow classmates pored over their blank desks, and their outlines wavered if he looked directly at them.

Instead of the hallway, the classroom door opened to a sprawling cave. The shadow teacher's voice echoed indistinctly behind him, and he shut the door, letting the classroom fade away. He still wore the school uniform: a sweatshirt and long skirt emblazoned with the letters T.C. This time, however, the sweatshirt had a back, and he lacked the feathered wings he'd had before. He felt more like himself without them, but missed their weight.

Cyan followed the path down to the water. His surroundings had some artistic differences from the painted cave on Pia's shower screen, but the similarities were striking. He headed home.

"Home?" said Cyan, jumping a bit at his own voice. He passed a granite spire and a small cluster of houses, long abandoned. Something about it made him sad. The small stone village he passed through was familiar and empty, built around a glowing lake. When he entered his house, he found that the back opened to the lake, with a stone platform extending into the still water. He sat on a well-worn stone chair that looked out onto the water. It felt like an old friend, and he watched the little glowing bats dive into the water after the flitting luminescent specks in the depths.

Pia sat up at around four in the morning. She meant to get up to pee and changed her mind: it was cold and humid outside the blankets, so she grabbed the flashlight and resumed her reading in the weather detection system's user manual underneath the blankets. She pulled out her bookmark, an empty snack bag labeled "Potato Clouds," and settled in for a tedious read.

Waves sloshed gently in the distance, and had almost lulled Pia to sleep when Saoirse twisted next to her.

"No! He's still-" Saoirse stuck her hand out and it pushed into Pia's bladder. Pressing her legs together, Pia removed Saoirse's hand and nudged her awake. "Oh, sorry." She sat up, letting a rush of cold air under the blankets. Pia sat up too, and shivered in the clammy air.

"What are you doing?" yawned Saoirse, watching Pia push herself to her feet.

"I have to pee," said Pia. Saoirse got up and followed Pia out the door to the airship's deck. It was still drizzling and a cold breeze blew in off the water, rustling Pia's skirt. It made her leak, but when she raised her skirt and sat on the rough deck surface, nothing happened. The rainwater on the deck soaked into her skirt. The spot she picked was part of the railing gate, so she leaned back on her hands instead of on the rail.

"Need some help?" asked Saoirse, opening the gate, hopping down, and taking up the spot between her thighs. The platform the airship sat on was tall, so that Pia's crotch was chest height to Saoirse.

"What kind of help?" Pia yawned and stretched, freeing a warm drip. The warmth felt good between Pia's legs, and there was more warmth when Saoirse pressed against her. "If I let go now your shirt would get all wet," Pia pointed out.

"You know what kind of help I mean," purred Saoirse. "I'd like a facial, please."

Pia's face reddened in the pale early-morning gloom. She knew Saoirse could see it, and stroked one velvety catlike ear. "I can't say no to that. What are you going to do about your clothes, though?" Saoirse lowered her head. Saoirse's breath was hot, gently blowing Pia's pubic hair.

"I'll take a dip in the water," said Saoirse. "Then dry my clothes on the railing."

Pia leaned back. Her groin was warm and throbbing, and she had to clench up to hold her bladder. "Is your phone in your pocket?"

"It doesn't work in this world anyway," Saoirse scoffed, but reached into her pocket and placed her battered old flip phone next to Pia on the deck. Pia lay back and let Saoirse work.

"Azri said you were embarrassed to tell Cyan about me," said Saoirse, exploring with her lips and nose. Pia's bladder finally let go, and a slow stream trickled out. She felt Saoirse smile against her sensitive parts.

"I thought he might've heard it at night," Pia moaned. Her voice carried on the water and came back in strange echoes. She suddenly knew what Saoirse had meant by "feeling exposed" out there. Pia closed her eyes.

"Like...one of our radio conversations?" asked Saoirse.

"He was asleep for those," said Pia. "I thought he heard me at night." Pia raised her head to wink at Saoirse, her body twitching with each movement of Saoirse's tongue. "I say your name sometimes when-" Pia felt hot. "-when I'm..." She didn't want Saoirse to stop what she was doing to ask. She was starting to feel winded, and took a breath. "-when I-" Saoirse incorporated her fingers, and Pia's voice worked up into a reverberating cry that echoed across the entire quarry. "Saoirse!"

Pia lay sweating on the rough deck surface. Her bladder fully relaxed, and Saoirse stood in the stream, letting the hot urine soak into her clothes.

"Aww, you say my name when you come? That's really sweet." giggled Saoirse, kissing Pia just below her belly button.

"That's," Pia puffed. "Yeah." A high-pitched cry echoed over the water. A moment later, another replied. Pia wondered what kind of bird made that noise, and waited to catch her breath. "I'm not used to having someone there who could hear it."

"I like hearing it," said Saoirse, hopping up onto the deck in her soaked clothes and lying next to Pia, flinching at the cold rainwater on the deck.

"Shall I return the favor this time?" Pia asked, sitting up.

"I would, but..." Saoirse hesitated. "If we do this now, my clit is going to pop back out and I'll have to retract it all over again."

"Why do you need to stay retracted?" asked Pia.

"I got something," said Saoirse. "For us. It requires me to be retracted."

"What did you get?" Pia figured that it couldn't hurt to ask.

"A um...a harness," Saoirse squeaked. "For a strap-on."

Pia leaned over and kissed Saoirse. "Sounds fun. If you don't want to do anything now, would you be up for marking me?"

Saoirse stood up and dropped her shorts, squatting a little while steadying herself on the railing. It was too dark for Pia to see much, so when she heard the rush and felt warm droplets on her legs, she slid a hand up Saoirse's thigh. Saoirse jumped with a quick, echoing yelp that elicited a resonating squeal of reply from the native fauna.

"Sorry. I'm a little sensitive," whispered Saoirse. Saoirse didn't take long to finish; she hadn't had much water that evening. When she was done, Pia extended the cargo ramp and followed Saoirse to the water. Saoirse jumped in without hesitation in her soiled clothes. Pia's dress had been up around her waist, so it was only damp, mostly with rainwater. She stood on the side and splashed around with her bare feet in the deep rain puddles.

Saoirse swam around in a wide circle and back. It only went up to Saoirse's waist, which made it easier for her to scramble back out. "That," she sputtered, "That water is cold."

They retreated for the aircraft, and Saoirse hung her clothes on the railing to dry, since the rain seemed to have stopped entirely. Pia slung her dress over a chair inside, and joined Saoirse under the mound of blankets.

###

Pic is the most recent pic of Cyan, with ridiculous 70s advert hair.

&&

*038*2023-08-03 18:19

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

I don't think anyone can confuse your art folder for a horker. A horker looks a lot better.

I'm joking of course. As I've said before, I enjoy your art.

How does Pia have it without wings?

}}

I've referenced it in one or two of my Literotica stories so far. 😉 She's a hybrid, though I could explain it further if you don't mind spoilers. The reflex isn't as strong for her of course, and she doesn't have wings so she doesn't have many opportunities for heavy landings.

And thanks. 😛 A a horker would definitely organize stuff better than I do though. I save my art by date but if I can't remember precisely when I drew something I'm totally lost. I did find the thing I was looking for that made me make the comment though, in the end.

*040*2023-08-08 07:49

Chib Pt 27

Saoirse's limbs were freezing from her swim in the quarry, though they were steadily warming under the blankets.

"Wasn't your first rendezvous with Arthur on a lake?" Pia yawned.

"Listen, Pia," said Saoirse. "If you're concerned about my relationship with Arthur, don't be. Arthur and I both know we'd never work out. Does it bother you that we've had so many rendezvous?"

Pia stretched. "Not at all. I'd just like to meet some of your friends, and Arthur sounds nice. What class did you meet him in?"

"Why do you think I met him in class?" asked Saoirse.

"He's an Andyne, you went to school on the Andyne homeworld, and you go on archaeology trips and teach with him," said Pia.

Saoirse laughed. "It really does seem like it when you put it that way. I've technically known Arty almost my whole life; we both lived with Rabb's family when I was five or six. He left to go to an off-world university after a year, and we met again at the World Sleepers complex about...seven or eight years ago now. Arty was there with an archaeological dig, and I'd hiked out there for my journalism class project."

"And you just happened to meet out there?" asked Pia. "Or did you know he'd be there beforehand?"

"No. I um..." Saoirse looked up at Pia. Her face was attentive, and Saoirse's sense of smell corroborated that. "I caught him taking his morning whiz on the building, and after that he uh...had something to take care of."

Pia's eyes widened. "And then you two...just did it?"

Saoirse snorted, "No, not exactly." She recounted the rendezvous to Pia from the time she'd arrived on-world to what Andyne navigational maps called Waypoint A-73.4, but the locals just called "Ud."

The sky had gone from a sullen purple to pale blue while Saoirse talked, and the squealing animal cries outside became less frequent. Occasionally Saoirse thought the waves outside sounded like muffled voices and paused to listen, but all she could hear was the whistling breeze, or more of the strange animal noises. By the time she got to the part where she'd found out it was Arthur's birthday, Pia had dozed off. Saoirse happily cuddled up to her and drifted off herself.

Cyan thought he heard footsteps after an indeterminate time. Sound carried well over the still water, and a whooshing noise made him look up from the swarm of bats paddling back to shore after a dive.

"Del-" Cyan couldn't seem to think without speaking here. The figure gliding toward him had all-brown wings. "...Avi?"

Avaris's face was set and determined as she glided deliberately over the water, angled her wings, and came to a feather-light stop on the stone platform. She stopped to pump her fist and hiss, "Yes! Nailed it!" before bending over and pressing her legs together.

It took Avaris a few seconds to stop shaking, and she straightened up with some difficulty. She looked down at herself; she was naked and unscarred. Cyan didn't want to stare, and stood up to greet her.

"It really is you, isn't it?" said Avaris, looking him up and down. "Is that my skirt?"

Cyan shrugged and sighed, "Probably."

"Can I sit?" Avaris gulped. They sat on the stone chairs in Cyan's house, facing each other. "This is the first time I've gotten this far. I'm not sure what to do now." She took slow, measured breaths, rocking slightly. "I've been having this dream since-..."

The dream wavered. "Are you trying to have a flashback?" Cyan yawned. "Can we not do that? I get confused when I'm you."

"You w-were me?" Avaris paled. It made Cyan wonder whether she'd been him in his own memories, and where those memories were now. In the dream space, he supposed that it would be a physical location. But where?

"Is that your classroom I keep waking up in?" asked Cyan.

"With the projector? I've been there but it's not my classroom," said Avaris. "I think it's from that green-haired haman woman."

"You're a green-haired haman woman," Cyan pointed out.

"I'm only half haman. There's a haman woman..." Avaris's wings tightened against her back. "I see her sometimes. She looks a lot like..." Avaris took another slow, controlled breath. "A lot like..."

Avaris stood up, opening her legs in a wide stance. She was visibly shaking, and a drip ran down her leg, shimmering in the light from the lake. "The...the haman woman, she-..." Avaris bent her knees and used her fingers to spread her labia.

Avaris tried again, mustering all of her concentration: "She looks like-..." she whimpered and another leak trickled to the floor. Her body began to fade out of the dream. She closed her eyes, released a hard spray, and relaxed on her feet with a low moan. Cyan thought she might be flooding the floor, but a divot in the stone channeled it down toward the lake. Almost a shadow, Avaris heaved a big sigh. Her outline solidified until she stood there, still as a fountain but fully present in the dream again. Her free hand cupped her breast, and as her flow slowed it moved from side to side: she was rubbing herself. Stray droplets splasked Cyan's legs, soaking into his skirt.

"Avi," said Cyan in a squeaky, constricted voice. "You're still here."

Avaris opened her eyes and blushed, but didn't stop rubbing. "Am I?" Her eyes widened, she seemed to panic for a moment, and her shoulders loosened. "Well...I think I'm in bed, so I should be okay."

"So you, um..." Cyan paused when he made eye contact with Avaris. Nothing he said or did would make the situation less awkward. "Do you have this dream a lot?"

Having slowed to a drip, Avaris sat back down on the stone chair. "Not as often as I used to. I usually disappear when I lose control. Sorry about your floor. I think I'll get better at holding it though, now that I'm working with Azri." The floor, since they were in a dream, was dry again. The only evidence that Avaris had just pissed all over it was an annoyingly persistent throb beneath the thick fabric of Cyan's school uniform skirt. Cyan tried to adjust his knees to hide it better, which made Avaris notice it.

"Don't worry about that," said Avaris. "These dreams always make me umm...amorous too. It's nice to masturbate before I have to start the cleanup-" Avaris stopped, and her outline flickered. "I can't believe I said that out loud."

"If it makes you feel any better, I'll probably do that once I wake up," said Cyan. "Now that Azri's back I have less of an excuse not to...you know...do it in a sample cup."

"Why would she want that from you?' asked Avaris.

Cyan sighed, "I was in a tube for a long time. Like, floating in one."

"I've been in hydrostasis before. It's no fun," yawned Avaris. "Why'd they put you in the tube?"

"I don't know," Cyan said earnestly.

Pia awoke warm and comfortable, spooning with Saoirse. She thought she'd heard voices before she opened her eyes, but they coalesced into the static crackle of a voice that she knew. Pia got up, careful not to disturb Saoirse, and tiptoed over to the radio.

The conversation was short; the time on the radio clock showed that it was seven-thirty in the morning, and Pia took a look around outside. The sky was clear and the water in the quarry was calm. Saoirse's clothes were still hung over the railing. Without knowing why she was doing it, Pia crept out, naked, and brought them in. In daylight she felt even more exposed out on the deck; another of the keening cries from the night before resonated, carrying clearly off the water and bouncing off the smooth quarry walls. Pia tried to look around to see if she could spot what was making the noise. There was nothing, though there was a splash from the quarry as Pia closed the door.

Pia draped Saoirse's clothes over the pilot's chair and got back into bed with Saoirse. Saoirse was awake, and slid her arms around Pia, looking nervous about something.

"Sorry for waking you up," said Pia. "Is something wrong?"

Saoirse took a deep breath. "Would you mind if I um..." She twisted and nuzzled into Pia's cleavage. "I need to pop out my clit."

"How?" asked Pia. "Doesn't it just pop out on its own?"

"Not after a day or two," Saoirse gulped. "I'm really sorry. I wanted to do the strap-on when we got back but it's starting to get painful."

Pia stroked Saoirse's ears. "How do you pop it out?" she repeated patiently.

"I have to masturbate," said Saoirse, not meeting Pia's eyes. "I can get it done quickly, but it hurts. You might not want to watch."

"Is there a way to make it hurt less?" asked Pia while Saoirse pulled away and sat up.

"That takes some time, and Mayra probably wants her airship back." Saoirse braced herself to get up, and Pia stayed her by placing a hand on her thin arm.

"We have time. May's just glad we're okay. She told us to take our time, and wants us to stop by an Amphibious farmer's market on the way back," Pia said. "I'd be happy to help you however I can, especially if it means I get to seduce you."

The last part made Saoirse's cheeks turn pink. "We don't have money to pick anything up, though," she said.

"You know all the emergency stuff in here? There's emergency money too," said Pia, kissing Saoirse's shoulder. "We just need to keep the receipts for the books."

Saoirse lay back and stretched.

"Does this mean I get to seduce you?" asked Pia, leaning over and letting her breasts press into Saoirse's chest.

"Yes, but I warn you, I'm going to have to get really worked up," Saoirse said. "It could take hours."

"Then how shall we start?" purred Pia.

###

The image today is the map I use. The semi-opaque blue (the sietches and weems) are underground passages used by Amphibious and Aquatic peoples to move around inland.

&&

*041*2023-08-12 23:35

Part 28

Del followed Althea back down to the hospital wing, bypassing the cafeteria and the corridor that branched off to the residential wing. When they finally came to a hallway marked "OFFICES," Althea stopped at a door with a folded piece of paper taped to it. Althea pulled off the paper and turned to Del.

"You probably already know this in WS security, but please don't touch anything," said Althea in a low, urgent voice. "A lot of my work is photosensitive, so it has covers on it." Del didn't have time to react to this; Althea turned, unlocked the door with a key, and entered.

The room beyond was lined with hydrostasis cylinders of various sizes. Most were made of opaque black metal with small covered windows, but one or two were clear with full-length black curtain covers. One of the smaller curtained cylinders slowly bubbled on a work table behind a paper-strewn desk. Althea hurried over to it, punched a long code into the attached number pad, and flipped through the readings on the little screen.

Althea fiddled with the cylinder for several minutes while Del awkwardly sipped her drink by the door. Once that was done, Althea turned her attention to the paper that had been taped to the door and stared at it for a long time.

"Sorry that took so long," said Althea, locking her office door. "Mind if we take the scenic route back to the office wing cafeteria?"

The "scenic route" took them up a long flight of stairs to the northernmost tower of the facility, situated over the basement levels of the hospital wing. Del gawked at vast tanks of fluid labeled "VOLATILE SUBSTANCE" before the path shunted them outside, on a catwalk over the lake. Del started to ask what was in the tanks and stopped herself: the research they did here was probably top secret, and the first thing she'd learned in WS security training was not to ask questions.

"It's hydrostasis fluid," said Althea, not looking back while Del followed her down to the cement docking area. "It can get explosive in high concentrations, and we use a lot here." There were tables set out along the water for workers to eat at, deserted at that time of day.

The cafeteria was almost empty when they returned. There wasn't as much pasta to choose from as there had been earlier, but they made up for it with an assortment of rolls and pastries. Del was starting to feel sleepy again, so she bought herself a large coffee.

"Isn't that stuff supposed to keep you awake?' yawned Althea. Del couldn't help yawning too, and nodded in response. "Does it work?"

Althea walked Del back to her quarters, sipping a small coffee she'd bought to try. She seemed to be working up the courage to say something.

"What is it, Althea?" said Del kindly. "I won't be offended if you don't like coffee."

"Oh it's not that," Althea blushed. "Can I talk to you in your quarters, Del?"

Surprised by the question, Del said, "Sure." Her heart fluttered. "But I'm not-" she caught herself. "There's something you should know if um...if we..."

As Del scanned her ID to pass into the corridor leading to the residential wing, the blush on Althea's face brightened, clashing spectacularly with her green hair.

"Oh no I'm not-...I didn't mean that," Althea said quickly. "You're good-looking and you seem like a nice guy, but it's not that. I'm in a tight spot and I have a really big favor to ask." When she finished her voice was barely above a whisper. Del didn't realize how horny she'd been until the words "nice guy" deflated the hopeful bubble that had been blooming in her chest. Del wanted to give in to the embarrassment, vent her frustration, and mope in her room for a few hours, but Althea's grim expression deflated that too.

A small desk sat next to Del's bed, and she pulled out the chair for Althea to sit. Del made a quick effort at straightening her bed before sitting down herself.

"I have a huge favor to ask. I have a um...specimen that I'm working with as a personal project. Some company execs are visiting in a few days, and I-..." Althea took a long drink of her coffee. "Having a pet project in my office would look bad. I can't keep it in my quarters, so I was going to ask if I could keep it in yours for that time? I'll buy you food in return and check on it every day."

"What kind of specimen is it?" asked Del slowly. She realized that she could see her toilet from where she sat, and her bladder gave a nervous throb. She tried not to look at it.

Althea took a deep breath and drank the rest of her coffee in one gulp. "I could show you, but we'd have to sneak out after dark." It was summer, and it wouldn't be dark until late at night. It was almost eight, so it'd be over an hour until gloaming.

"I don't know...I was planning on doing some things tonight," said Del. "Why can't we just walk down to your office now?"

"The company monitors where our IDs go in the building," said Althea. "It's a lot to ask and I understand if you don't want to."

"Is it poisonous? Or explosive or something?" Del asked warily.

"Not at all," said Althea. "I monitor everything closely, and there's not nearly enough hydrostatic fluid for it to be dangerous."

Del's curiosity was piqued, and she cursed it. "What time? I want to, but I need to shower and find the laundry room tonight."

"How long do you take to shower?" asked Althea. "Or are you preening your wings tonight too?"

Del contemplated telling her for a split second. "I don't take long, The showers are just communal and I'm self-conscious." It wasn't a lie, at least.

"Out in the hall, you said there was something I should know if I were umm...trying to seduce you." Althea blushed again, and Del hid her face in her hands. "If it's a medical issue, you don't need to be shy about it. Most of the physicians here are Andyne specialists. I'm a Ptero-scapulologist, and I can help if it's a wing issue."

"It's-...I'm fine," said Del. It occurred to her that she could excuse herself to pee. It was an ideal, if temporary, escape. She was about to get up when Althea spoke.

"You can use the shower in my quarters," Althea offered. "If we went now, we'd have better access to the outside to get to my office later."

Del took Althea up on her offer, and brought clothes that needed washing with her; the physician's quarters also had their own laundry machines, and it gave them an excuse for Del to be in Althea's quarters for a while.

Althea's quarters were more normal than Del had expected, though she wasn't sure what she'd been expecting when she thought about it. It was like a nice studio apartment and even had its own little kitchenette. Books about airships lined her upper shelves, along with scale models of common airships. There were rounded Andyne airships, angular Haman models, a few boatlike Renoige ships, and several more that Del didn't recognize. The bottom shelves housed cubbies full of brightly-colored clothes. Del thought it seemed like a lot of clothes for one person, then remembered how much some of her family members had back at the compound. Her own mother's full wardrobe would probably fill up the room all by itself.

"I'm only missing some later Silverling models," said Althea, turning on the light in her bathroom. The tiled room was open, with a combination bathtub/shower, a wide ceramic sink, and more storage cubbies over the toilet. "The shower mat is on the wall. Please put it back when you're done, with the suction cups out so they don't stick to the wall. Would you like me to wash the clothes you're wearing?"

"How long will it take?"

Del handed her clothes to Althea and closed the bathroom door. Del couldn't avoid seeing herself in the mirror and frowned at her flat chest and the erection that had been plaguing her since she'd gotten off the bus. She tried to pee, standing in front of the toilet with the shower on, and got out just enough to drain some of the pressure in her bladder. The bathroom had a small ventilation window near the ceiling, and Del opened it. The evening air was rapidly cooling, and she stood under the hot water, breathing it in and letting the tendrils of cool air settle on her face. It seemed to wake her up a bit, and when she was finished washing she was able to pee a bit more. She was about to take care of the troublesome erection when a knock came instead.

"Del? Hot or medium on the dryer?" said Althea through the bathroom door.

"Medium. Thank you!" Del called. She finished drying off and pulled on her clean bottoms. While she adjusted the lower wing strap on her sweater, she noticed that there were two toothbrushes in the cup next to the sink.

Althea was outside the bathroom door, bouncing on the balls of her feet when Del opened it.

"Your clothes should be dry in about half an hour," said Althea. She seemed nervous.

"Are you alright?" asked Del from the doorway.

"I am doing great, I just really need to pee," Althea gasped. "Could you um..."

Del moved aside. "Oh. Sorry."

"Oh no, it wasn't you, I think I just drank my coffee too fast," said Althea. "Make yourself at home. I'll be out shortly." She shut the door. Del hurried over to the couch, trying not to listen to what Althea was doing in the bathroom. As she sat down, something in the couch squeaked. The couch itself was awful: it was a mess of beiges with strings and different textures running throughout. Whatever was squeaking was lodged beneath one of the cushions. She scooted aside, lifted the cushion, and came up with a fluffy blue blanket. It had what looked like a dog head and a pair of paws on the corner, and the squeakers were in the paws. Del thought it was cute and squeaked it as Althea opened the door.

"Oh no, that's where that went," said Althea. She strode forward, took the blanket, and stuck it in a cubby on one of her shelves. "Would you like some tea?"

Del and Althea sat on the couch for the next hour, watching a long episode of Star Cops: Deep Space Fines. Althea brewed a complicated herbal tea. She listed all of the ingredients and assured Del that it was safe for Andynes.

Althea had opened the window while Del was in the shower. The night air was sweet, but the apartment started to get cold. Althea brought out some throw blankets and they huddled under them on opposite ends of the couch. Despite the ratty old couch, Del was more comfortable than she'd been since before she'd left home. The warmth from the tea made her sleepy, and she half paid attention to Deep Space Fines while Althea flipped through a magazine about airships next to her.

"It's almost time," said Althea, nudging Del out of a doze. Del felt pleasantly warm and shaky. "Done with your tea?"

Del drank the rest of her tea, now cold, and handed her mug to Althea. "Thanks." Del's bladder was bulging again, and the troublesome erection was back, just enough to keep her from wetting herself. Del made sure it was secure in her waistband before folding the blanket and getting up.

"Have you been sleeping well?" asked Althea, rinsing their cups.

"Too well, I think," Del yawned. "The coffee I got isn't working either. Was there any caffeine in the tea?"

"It makes sense. The air here seems to make Andynes sleepy," said Althea. "And no caffeine. I've heard it's not good for humans."

"Human? Is that who owns the other toothbrush in the bathroom-" Del stopped when Althea fumbled the mug. It clanged loudly against the sink before she got a hold of it. "Are you alright?"

"Fine," said Althea, reddening.

They hurried up the hall to the elevator, Del carrying her duffel bag. If they were caught, they'd agreed that their go-to excuse was that Del was looking for the laundry room.

"Or we could say I was going to the bathroom," said Del.

"Do you need to go?" asked Althea, selecting the ground floor on the elevator. "I can feel you bouncing through the floor."

Del had indeed been bouncing and stilled her legs. "I'll wait until we get outside."

"Why? There are bathrooms in the rec room," said Althea.

"I'm-" Del caught herself again. "It's complicated. I should've tried to go before we left."

"Ah." Althea had an odd, knowing look. "Erection?"

Del's felt the blood rush to her face. "Is it that obvious?"

The elevator slowed and stopped, opening with an automated chime. "You're hiding it pretty well. The duffel helps. I think it has something to do with the fumes from what we're working on here. I've been trying to do something about it but my andyne patients..."

Del snorted. "They'd rather chew a wing off than admit to it."

"Exactly." Althea led Del across a dim, deserted room. The chairs sat upended on the tables that had been pushed to the walls, stopping at a janitor's closet. She jiggled the door handle. It was locked. Althea patted her pockets. "Oh sh-...sugar," she hissed. Knowing it was locked gave Del a nervous little spasm and the first warm leak soaked into her pants. "Del, have you got like...a bobby pin or a bottle opener or something?"

"In the side pocket closest to you," whispered Del, holding up the duffel. Althea got into the pocket of the duffel bag and pulled out Del's utility keychain. The bottle opener extension fit into the lock and turned. It didn't even take any of the theatrical wiggling movements Del had seen in movies.

Althea paused in the darkened closet to replace the keychain in its pocket. "Want me to hold the bag while you pee?" The room wasn't a closet after all; it was more of a maintenance room. Dim red lights illuminated the shapes of pipes along the walls. Althea pushed open a door to the outside.

"They only come through here once or twice at night," Althea whispered. The courtyard sloped down before them. A wall cut off the parking lot from the top of the courtyard, out from under which a clear creek flowed through a barred tunnel. Across from them, an orange-lit covered corridor led from a gate in the parking lot wall to a loading dock in the main office building. The creek was swollen from the summer snowmelt and flowed down into landscaped pools, barred off to swimmers by brightly painted barriers. It passed through a barred moon gate in the wall cutting the courtyard off from the lakeshore, and drained into the lake. The rushing noise made Dell need to pee again and she had just enough time to give Althea her bag and rush to the nearest ornamentally placed clump of bushes. The first desperate burst soaked the front of Del's pants, but she got them down in time for the next one.

All Del could hear over the nighttime noises was a low rush and quiet splashing on the ground. She suppressed a groan of relief and relaxed, stretching her wings. There was enough room for it behind the tall foliage.

Soft footsteps approached.

"Sorry," Althea breathed, a shadow in the bushes next to Del. The duffel bag at her hip gave her faint silhouette an odd lopsided shape "The courtyard patrol is early." On the other side of the hedge-like bushes, Del could just make out a flashlight bobbing along the courtyard path toward them. Del felt her face pale in cold prickles: her piss was flowing downward, forming a noticeable puddle in the dry asphalt path on the other side of the bushes.

Relieving herself felt good and she was glad to get it all out, but she couldn't stop as the flashlight neared. The guard passed less than three meters away, and Del held her breath.

The guard - Alvin from the night before - walked by without even looking down at the puddle. It wasn't until he was well past them, heading for a door in the lower office wing, that Del's flow petered off.

"I thought he was going to notice us for sure," Althea panted. "How big is your d-" Althea paused when the door that Alvin went through gave an echoing slam. "We'll need to be careful of that door. Geez, that's loud."

"What was that last thing?" Del gulped. She was able to shake off and take her duffel bag back.

Althea took a steadying breath. "How big is your dorm room window?"

The door to the office building was unlocked, and Del eased it shut behind them. They were in a stairwell and descended two levels into a long hallway, tiled in the same checkered linoleum as the hospital wing. Another stairwell brought them to the dock on the lake, and Althea used Del's keychain to get into a maintenance room on the ground floor of the northern tower. From there, they entered the hallway leading to the physicians' offices.

###

Pic today is various ideas I've had for Cyan. Top left is the most current.

&&

*042*2023-08-14 21:14

Chib Pt. 29

Seven and a half years ago:

(Saoirse's Adventures Part 12)

Thunder rumbled through the building. It woke Saoirse; she knew that she was afraid of thunder, but didn't have the energy to react. She rolled onto her back, freeing her knee-length tail to swish at her side. Her waist-length yellow-white hair had come out of its braid while she was asleep and wrapped uncomfortably around her catlike ears, whose color matched her hair, with faint tabby stripes. She took a second to detangle them before getting up. A chemical smell seemed to stick in the back of her sinuses, an odd sterile smell that reminded her of either house paint or industrial markers. The smell had pervaded the hidden basement she and Arthur had entered that morning. It wasn't quite as strong where they slept, but made the post-nap headache worse. She decided to get up.

Saoirse stretched as she sat up, her head pounding. Arthur lay sprawled out next to her on his stomach, his bad wing stretched carefully across the arm of the folding couch bed they were sleeping on. The other was neatly folded at his side, maintaining a space for Saoirse. His black feathers were fluffed out in the cold, damp air. Saoirse couldn't tell which way his head was facing: his curly shoulder-length dark hair lay around his head in a frizzy mass. Trying not to wake Arthur, Saoirse reached under the blankets, searching for the kangaroo pocket of his hoodie. Her hand closed around the flip phone and took it out.

"All you had to do was ask," mumbled Arthur. He pushed himself up slowly, bracing his wing. He shook his hair back; his eyes were unfocused because he couldn't see in the scant light filtering in under the door to the hall. Saoirse, being half renoige, had keen night vision and could clearly see him. She simultaneously noticed his post-nap erection and took a moment to be jealous of how good he looked in the blue citrus-patterned skirt she'd given him. "What time is it?"

Saoirse clicked the button on the battered old flip phone. "It's six-thirty-three, and you have a text message from Milly."

"In the evening?" Arthur grunted, stretching.

"Dig site rained out, gone to town to stay with Digit and Mums," Arthur read aloud while Saoirse rooted through his duffel bag for a bottle of pain relievers. "Huh. The migraine pills are in the zipper pocket on the inside."

Saoirse's search yielded several bottles of pills. Arthur had labeled them himself; he wrote in a swooping cursive hand taught on the Renoige Homeworld. Both Saoirse and Arthur had learned it in school, but Saoirse had abandoned it at the first opportunity.

"You have beautiful handwriting," commented Saoirse, squinting at a word made of nondescript, rounded loops. "I can't read it."

"You can't smell which one it is?" Arthur yawned.

Saoirse shook her head, then remembered it was too dark for him to see it. "No. That chemical smell from downstairs is covering everything."

"Really? I can't smell it up here," said Arthur. "Give them to me." He extended a hand and Saoirse handed them to him one by one. He held his phone up to each to read them. "This is it. No more than two," he said, handing back the third bottle. Saoirse led them into the bright hallway. They made their way to the office room with the salvaged microwave in the corner.

Arthur pinched the bridge of his nose over his coffee. He'd been glancing at the window, at the tarpaulin-draped campsite across the water. "Should we let everyone from the dig in here?" Arthur yawned. "I think they'd appreciate the showers."

"Well we're both trespassing," said Saoirse. Her head was starting to feel better, but she still couldn't smell much. It was almost like having a cold without the stuffy nose. "And you're here with your university group. If it got out that you were trespassing on some evil corporation's property, everyone could get in trouble." Arthur slurped his coffee morosely, and Saoirse added, "It's supposed to get hot again tomorrow. Besides, they get to take a break from digging with the rain pouring like this, don't they?"

"Milly said they had plenty to document," Arthur sighed.

After the coffee, they returned to the office they'd slept in. The trap door under the desk was easy to open now that Saoirse knew where it was. The chemical smell wasn't as intense this time, but Saoirse still had it stuck in the back of her throat from earlier. The coffee had helped, but going back downstairs, the smell was already starting to give her a new headache.

"I hope this doesn't go down too far," said Saoirse. Her voice echoed off the walls of the surveillance room at the bottom of the stairs.

Saoirse peeked in all of the rooms along the first hallway and found that the tables in some rooms had odd extensions off to the sides.

"They're wing rests for Andynes," said Arthur.

"I've been to the doctor on the Andyne Homeworld, and I've seen their exam tables. They look nothing like this," said Saoirse. The tables she'd sat on had raised headrests and inclined sides for winged patients.

"They're specifically for wing injuries," Arthur said, squeezing past Saoirse to stand next to it. He carefully raised his bad wing and rested it, slightly extended, against the padded ends of the metal extensions. "When it needs to stay extended for physical therapy, shots, or exams."

"This was a Haman facility though," said Saoirse. "There were a few Anth and Andynes on the staff rosters, but they were security and food service."

Arthur shrugged, maneuvering himself out of the apparatus. "The best wing specialists tend to be Hamans. They have extra schooling requirements, and they work with Amphibious diagnosticians for at least a year. There weren't any andyne wing doctors at some of the clinics my dad took me to on the Homeworld."

"I've never been to a wing clinic," Saoirse admitted, and made a mental note to find an excuse to go to one.

"Well, I wouldn't recommend it," Arthur laughed as they left the room. "How's your head?"

"Better, but it smells down here," sighed Saoirse. "Let's get as far as we can, then I can come back later and get photos if we find anything interesting."

The door at the end of the hallway opened into another hallway. There were more patient rooms, and Saoirse wondered how many patients the place once had.

Another set of doors intersected a wide corridor. A sign indicated "Patient Facilities" with an arrow leading off to the right, and the left hallway ended in a pair of swinging doors with "EMPLOYEES ONLY" stenciled across the door. Saoirse went right.

"What? No forbidden door?" said Arthur, shining his flashlight around. The beam bounced off the white walls and diffused the light.

"The smell is stronger that way," said Saoirse. "Let's go back upstairs after this. I need a break."

"Would it help if I pissed on the floor again? I do need to go," said Arthur.

"You do?" Saoirse asked. One of the easiest things to smell, whether or not she was used to a person's species, was when someone had a full bladder. She sniffed, and had to concentrate to isolate it from the overlaid chemical smell. It was like trying to identify color through a dull green camera filter.

The first door opened to a large sitting room. The air seemed to rush in when they entered, and when Arthur shut it behind them her sinuses recovered a bit. The air in that room smelled like rain; it was probably piped in from outside.

"Cover your eyes, " said Arthur, and Saoirse did while he flipped the light switch. Soft lighting flickered on around the walls. The floor underfoot was polished wood, inlaid with an intricate geometric stone pattern. Furniture sat grouped in different corners of the room, some chairs sporting odd extensions like the ones on the patient tables. Arthur slid into the nearest one, shrugging his bad wing into the cushioned places and adjusting it so that it rested in a striking tableau of black feathers. With that done he pulled off the skirt and tossed it onto the chaise lounge next to his chair.

"Did you still want me to pee?" asked Arthur, raising his hoodie. His erection throbbed in the chill air, pointing squarely at Saoirse. "I'll need to take care of this first. Unless you want to help, you should probably move."

"Can I do oral?" asked Saoirse.

Arthur took a slow, deep breath. Saoirse's sense of smell was still not great, but she could smell how worked up he was. "Maybe just a handjob?" he said at last.

"How about a tit job?" Saoirse suggested. "I've always wanted to try that."

Two minutes later, Saoirse had retrieved a short stool and kneeled on it between Arthur's thighs.

"Why do they even have stools this short?" Saoirse snorted. She was naked, and her tail swished excitedly behind her.

"It's a footrest for when you have to sit for a long time," said Arthur. "For treatments-..." He stifled a moan when Saoirse pressed her chest against him, raised herself, and pushed her small breasts together around his shaft. She didn't have enough breast to go completely around, so her hands covered the gap.

"Can I lick or kiss it?" asked Saoirse, moving down. The movement pulled back Arthur's foreskin, and it was close enough to her mouth for Saoirse to breathe on the exposed head. Arthur's body flinched subtly with each exhalation. Hovering close, she could smell the subtle edge of Arthur's medication on the clear fluid leaking out of him. She smelled his embarrassment before realizing that she was frowning herself.

"I can um...clean up in the sink in the corner," Arthur said, blushing under his freckles.

Saoirse's face mirrored Arthur's, warming slightly. "Oh no, it's not that. I can just smell your medication."

Arthur swallowed. "You mean it's in the umm..." Saoirse started moving again and he gasped.

"Yeah," Saoirse sighed. "Can I do things with my mouth if I don't swallow anything?" Arthur nodded, and she moved down enough to kiss the tip. One of Arthur's hands settled on Saoirse's head, feeling her silky catlike ears while he lay back.

Saoirse had just enough time to try everything she wanted with her mouth before Arthur gasped out, "Rabb!"

Bemused, Saoirse stood up, moved like they'd agreed, and finished him off with her hand. Arthur soiled the carpet between his legs in several large bursts, his body jerking and spasming. When it stopped coming out he sat up, shaking and mortified. He kept opening his mouth like he wanted to say something and shutting it again.

"It's alright, everyone already knows you've had a huge crush on Rabb since you two were in elementary school," said Saoirse, patting Arthur's thigh. Saoirse could smell instantly that what she'd said had had the opposite of the intended effect. Arthur paled.

"Everyone?" Arthur said faintly.

"Well mostly just me," Saoirse backtracked. Arthur's childhood crush on Rabb would've been obvious to any renoige with a sense of smell, but she decided to leave that out for now. "It's one of the few things I remember about you. That, and you spilled the blood for the restaurant's desserts over my homework that one time."

Arthur hid his face in his hands and groaned, "I remember that now. I'm so sorry."

Saoirse laughed, "It got me out of doing my dumb cursive homework. Mom was more angry at you than I was." She bent down, kissed him on the top of his head, and was gratified to feel him shiver. "Where did you want to pee down here?" Arthur sat back and thought about it, his hoodie pulled up to his chest.

"I forgot how comfortable these chairs are," said Arthur. He used his foot to move the footrest to the side. "I've already soiled the carpet, so I might as well go all the way."

Arthur stretched out, spreading his legs apart over the carpet and letting his butt hang over the side of the chair.

"You don't want to get the chair wet?" snorted Saoirse.

"I might want to sit here again. This is a nice chair." Arthur reached down to pull back his foreskin and aim. He shook and stimulated his slowly-shrinking member to start the flow and achieved a drip.

"Mind if I go too?" Saoirse asked, standing next to him.

Saoirse had a much easier time with it. She pulled down the front of her shorts, freed her clitoris, and let go right away, aiming for where the first drops of Arthur's piss had soaked into the carpet.

"You're not retracted anymore," observed Arthur. His drip sped up and coalesced into a stream. "You're even a bit swollen."

Saoirse grinned. "It popped back out while we were asleep." She finished and shook off, righting her shorts. "And I enjoyed the tit job."

"If you like I could return the favor," Arthur offered, his urine pattering steadily on the carpet. The pile of the carpet and deep, and the puddle between his thighs was deceptively small.

"Later," sighed Saoirse. "I'm okay for right now." Something still wasn't quite right with Saoirse's sense of smell. It wasn't coming back as she'd hoped it would; she was just starting to get used to the chemical smell sticking in her nose. A suspicious throb in the back of her head threatened another headache, but the smell was definitely weaker in the patient lounge. Saoirse thought there might be an air vent to the outside, offering something of the outdoors to the nice but windowless basement room. Both Andyne and Haman doctors had a thing for "fresh air," and it didn't take Saoirse long to locate the air vents in two of the corners.

Arthur yawned, "Well, I'm always up for more practice, so if you're ever in the mood for it, just ask."

Saoirse walked up to the door while Arthur put his skirt back on. She couldn't smell anything from it; the door had an airtight rubber seal around it, unfaded and only slightly dried out after years of disuse in the dark.

"Do you still want to go back upstairs?" asked Arthur, approaching with the footrest he'd saved under his arm.

"Yeah," said Saoirse. She braced herself, but the chemical smell that washed in wasn't as bad as before.

"It really is strong down here, isn't it?" Arthur sniffed the air and wrinkled his nose. "There's probably an open vat of hydrostatic fluid somewhere. If you take the footrest up with you, I could try to find the vat and seal it down here."

Saoirse looked at the footrest: it was the one she'd kneeled on, and had somehow escaped getting spattered in bodily fluids. "No. I don't think either of us should be alone down here. That's how people die in horror movies."

Saoirse and Arthur found some masking tape to seal off the trap door once they got back to the upper office, and opened some doors and windows to air it out. They collaborated on a plan to explore the hidden basement the next day over dinner and crossed the courtyard in the rain for a shower after.

###

This is from something like five years before Saoirse met Pia; at first I was excited to have two stories intersect like this but it doesn't make as much sense on paper as it did in my head. Also I'm only up to part 32. 😅

Art is Rabb and Arthur playing a boardgame. I drew it in early 2017 in ink and colored pencils. Rabb is a full-renoige, and not half human like Saoirse.

&&

*043*2023-08-17 22:00

Chib Part 30:

"We'd been asleep for about nine hours, so I thought we'd-" Saoirse grunted. Her face was buried in Pia's cleavage, and Pia's hand was between her legs. "I thought we'd be awake all night, but we slept another twelve hours after we got back from the showers."

Pia had been working slowly at Saoirse for almost an hour, sitting astride Saoirse's lap in the seat by the radio. They'd started in bed, moving when Saoirse warned her that the bed might get wet. A tarp from the emergency supplies had been draped over the chair to keep it dry, and it crackled under them. Saoirse's body was starting to tighten, and she pressed her face into Pia's breasts. Saoirse was wet enough for Pia to insert a finger or two, but she had been for the past fifteen minutes.

"Ready?" asked Pia.

Saoirse nodded breathlessly, and Pia inserted her fingers. Saoirse braced her feet on the floor, moving her hips rhythmically against Pia's hand. Saoirse's movements turned the chair so that Pia could see out the front window. Pia was enjoying Saoirse's moans when something in the window caught her eye. A square of blue tarp, much like the one protecting the seat they were on, sat along the water about fifty meters away. It looked like an awning that they used for-

Saoirse smothered her loudest moan yet in Pia's cleavage and pulsated around Pia's hand. As Pia redoubled her efforts, a teal-skinned figure set a pole in the ground next to the first awning and attached a silvered thermal tarp cover, disappearing behind it. Saoirse bucked hard and gave a few more spasms before her body relaxed. She was left twitching and panting, and Pia held her for as long as she dared.

"Pia, what is it?" Saoirse wheezed. The voices from before had come back. Saoirse's ears perked up. "You hear it too?"

Pia gulped. "May said we'd be close to the farmer's market when I talked to her. I think this is it." Saoirse twisted to look over her shoulder and squinted in the bright morning sunlight.

"But this is a..." Saoirse stopped to sniff the air. "This is a quarry? What kind of farmers market takes place at an abandoned quarry?" She nudged Pia and Pia gingerly climbed off her, staying down to keep out of sight at the front window. Saoirse got up too, and Pia was satisfied to note that Saoirse was still visibly shaky.

"An Amphibious one. This place must connect to the Nilbog watercourse," said Pia quietly, peeking over the lip of the window. In the space between the airship and the water, awnings and tents were set up in a grid. What Pia had seen had just been the edge of a long cluster of market stalls. Steam was already rising from several of the stalls. Next to her, Saoirse sniffed the air.

"They're cooking," whispered Saoirse, ducking down when the shapes of people crossed one of the gaps in the tents.

They pulled the tarp off the chair and folded the sides in to contain the liquid that Saoirse had left. The original plan had been to take the tarp outside and wash it off in the water. Now that there was a whole farmer's market outside, neither of them wanted to try that.

"Were they out there when Mayra called?" Saoirse yawned, motioning for Pia to turn so she could button the back of Pia's dress. A jagged semi-grid of knotty scar tissue crisscrossed Pia's back. The knottiest scars formed a pair of vertical lines up her shoulder blades. Saoirse had seen them many times and tried not to stare for too long.

"No. I even went out and looked when I got your clothes," said Pia. She sidestepped the folded tarp and sat on the pilot's chair while Saoirse stepped into her shorts. "You're still retracted?"

"It's a slow process," said Saoirse. "First the muscles relax, then it pops out slowly over about twenty minutes. Walking around helps."

The supply ramp was still extended, so Pia strolled down it and behind the aircraft. Saoirse followed curiously.

"Pia, why are we going this way-" she halted when Pia stopped and spread her feet on the pitted ground. Saoirse turned and looked in the direction of the farmer's market along the water. A few people could be seen walking around, but no one looked their way.

Pia raised her skirt slightly and let loose on a dry spot of ground. "You're blushing," she giggled.

"You don't usually just...go out in the open like this," said Saoirse, walking over to stand behind Pia and clasp her waist. She kissed Pia's neck and rested her head on Pia's shoulder. "Not that I'm complaining."

"As long as you keep it away from the food and out of the water, they don't care," said Pia. "It's easy to find somewhere at outdoor events like this. Do you need to go before we get breakfast?"

Saoirse's stomach growled, almost as though on cue. "I'll go after we finish shopping. Let's get some food."

The farmer's market extended out into the water. Since the market was run by and for Amphibious people, several of the market stalls were below the waves on the submerged shelves of the quarry. There was no way to get to most of them, except to swim.

"What do they make here?" asked Saoirse, sniffing the air. She couldn't place some of the smells from the various vendors. Saoirse glanced at the closest vendor, an amphibious man with deep green skin dividing up a slab of dough for some sort of fried buns at a stall labeled "BUN SHOP." He wore a hat, gloves, and a full-length apron, but something felt off. Saoirse was trying to figure out what was different when the man turned around and she saw his buttcheeks.

"Most of the food is either carbohydrates, fish, or seaweed," said Pia. They passed another amphibious man, this time a customer. A pale pattern of stripes wrapped around his sides, which Saoirse could only see because the man was completely naked except for the waterproof pack he wore at his hip. They eventually came to the stall where a young woman stood naked in an apron over a boiling pot of water.

Saoirse didn't know what to get so she ordered the same buckwheat noodles and tea combo that Pia got. While the young woman prepared their orders, Pia asked her about the layout of the farmer's market.

"It looks like the veggies Azri needs are in the underwater stalls," said Pia, sitting down at a flat spot on the water's edge with her breakfast. One of the vendors had set up a sitting area with a light metal frame and stretched shade cloth canopy.

"Are we going to have to swim out there?" asked Saoirse. She felt pleasantly warm in the filtered sunlight, and the thought of going back in the water put her off her breakfast.

"I can help!" burped a voice at Saoirse's side. She jumped, narrowly avoiding dropping her food. Saoirse looked down into a pair of silver eyes, bobbing up out of the water. Another head came up out of the water someway behind her, next to the tall black fin and white saddle patch of an orca. The whale gave a keening squeal that echoed off the water, and Saoirse exchanged a glance with Pia.

"Hi, Naleini," said Saoirse.

"I knew it was you two," said Naleini happily. Next to Naleini, her blue-skinned mentor rose up and expelled water out of the gills at the sides of her throat. Naleini glanced back at her and said, "Tabbitha says you landed during the storm last night. Kalawok heard you."

"Kalawok?" Saoirse glanced up at Pia, whose face was just as red as hers felt.

Tabbitha gestured toward the orca they were with. Other whale fins broke the waves every now and then out in the deeper water, and they whistled and squealed among themselves.

Naleini took a second to refill the air sacs in her chest. "She needs air, so she stays near the surface at night here. The whales were vocal last night...after the rain." managing to sound consolatory in a series of lungless burps. It made Saoirse wonder just how much Naleini and Tabbitha had heard.

"Is this place always full of whales?" Saoirse asked faintly. Pia was suddenly very focused on her tea and took a long, slow drink.

Naleini exchanged another look with Tabbitha. "We don't know, we're just passing through," said Naleini. "There were only three other whales up here last...night, and more are here with the patrons this morning. Did you need help to get things? From the underwater stalls?"

Pia counted out some money for Naleini, and they watched her spiky, silvery fins disappear under the water. There was a splash next to Pia: Tabbitha raised herself out of the water and sat on the stony shelf. letting her crimson tail sway in the water. She was still completely naked except for a satchel and sea urchin necklace, and up close, Saoirse could see how big she was. Tabbitha was lean, muscular, and built to a larger scale than the average human: if she'd had legs instead of a tail she'd be about three meters tall.

"If I gave you money," Tabbitha said, looking between Saoirse and Pia. Her voice was deep and rusty, as though she didn't use it much. "Would one of you buy sweet buns?"

"From the baker with the nice buns, you mean?" thought Saoirse, stopping to make sure she hadn't said that out loud when Tabbitha looked at her. Pia put down her tea and looked at Saoirse; something about Saoirse's mortified expression made Pia get up and hold out a hand to Tabbitha.

"Thank you," said Tabbitha, handing Pia the money. "Get four, please." Pia strode off toward the food stalls, leaving Saoirse with the naked aquatic woman.

"You are nervous," Tabbitha stated purposefully. Somehow her curly green hair was already drying, blowing in the breeze off the water. "I will not eat you."

Saoirse looked up. "Wha-...thank you."

"You're welcome," said Tabbitha impassively. Naleini surfaced next to Saoirse with the groceries Pia had asked for and handed Saoirse the change. Saoirse tried to give her some money for her trouble, but she refused.

"I consider it repayment for finding us a...map. Where's Pia?" Naleini asked, taking up the spot next to Tabbitha. Tabbitha craned down to level her eyes with Naleini, and something seemed to pass between them.

Naleini made a complicated choking noise that Saoirse thought sounded like a giggle. "The man with nice buns...makes the buns," she told Saoirse. It gave Saoirse the odd impression that Naleini was somehow translating for Tabbitha. Naleini explained when Pia returned that Tabbitha had paid for four buns so they could each have one. They really were nice buns, Saoirse had to admit.

Back at the airship, Saoirse spread the tarp on the ground while Pia retrieved the water to rinse it off. They let it dry in the sun while they packed up the mattress and cooking supplies.

"Are people always naked at these things?" asked Saoirse while they stuffed the folded mattress back into its compartment.

"Yeah. I'm sorry I didn't warn you about it," said Pia, recalling Saoirse's face when she realized the vendors were naked under their aprons. "I worked for an Amphibious catering company for a year and a half when I arrived in this world, and I didn't realize how desensitized I am to it."

Saoirse picked up a blanket and started folding it. "Isn't being naked while making food somewhat uh... unhygienic?"

"That's what the aprons and gloves and stuff are for," said Pia. "They're very conscious of sanitation, especially in the aquatic sietches and weems."

"You didn't work underwater, did you?" Saoirse said incredulously.

"No. I mainly did outdoor events along the coast," said Pia. "But we also did mixed-accommodation hotels in the larger Amphibious cities." Pia glanced out the window. "We should flip the tarp. The top should be dry by now."

Pia hurried out and Saoirse helped her flip the tarp. It was dry enough for them to fold up, and Pia returned outside after they stowed it away. Pia found a dry spot on the ground and stood with her feet apart, facing away from the farmer's market.

"Already?" said Saoirse, stepping in front of Pia.

"We're going to be traveling for over an hour, and we just cleaned everything. " Pia leaned forward, looking up into Saoirse's face, and let go. The stream passed neatly between Saoirse's knees. "You should probably go too."

Saoirse blushed again and looked up over Pia's shoulder. "Just don't laugh, okay?"

"Why would I laugh?" asked Pia. Saoirse responded by unzipping her shorts. She was slightly more shrunken than usual, but that was normal after she'd been retracted for a while. Saoirse stepped back slightly, aimed straight down, and released. The two were enjoying watching each other when a pair of figures stepped out in the open behind the tents about fifty meters away. Saoirse and Pia were downwind of them, and Saoirse could tell that they were out there to pee too. She recognized the one on the right as the man who'd been making buns. Pia gently reached up and turned Saoirse's face to hers. It made Saoirse's heart flutter.

"You can look, but it's impolite to stare," said Pia quietly, glancing over her shoulder. What she saw made her go pale. "Are you almost done?"

"Why, what's wrong?" whispered Saoirse.

"I think I know at least one of them from somewhere." Pia was already finished, and though Saoirse wasn't quite done, Pia assured her that it was fine if she dribbled a few drops on the outer deck. She had Saoirse retract the boarding ramp while she powered up the airship, and within two minutes they were in the air, heading south.

###

Today's image is Naleini in colored pencil and an old censored photoshop pic of Tabbitha, both from 2017. I have some older watercolors of Tabbitha but I'm not sure where those are at the moment, and Naleini is more green and indigo here than silver.

&&

*044*2023-08-19 19:14

Chib Part 31:

Heavy rain and wind overshadowed the next five days. Most of May and Pia's time was spent either cleaning up the downed leaves and branches or repairing things that broke in the wind. Cyan thought that Saoirse might stay in, but every morning she left at the same time as Pia and went into town, getting back late every night after Cyan had gone to sleep. Cyan still had regular visits from Azri and the occasional call from Avi during the day. The constant rain made Cyan sleepy and lethargic, which Azri repeatedly reassured him was normal after long-term hydrostasis.

The rain ceased on Friday night, and Saturday dawned damp but clear. Saoirse and Pia had been up late watching movies on a small television in Pia's bedroom, and when Azri visited at eight in the morning, they were still asleep.

"Want to walk with me to see Avaris?" Azri asked on her way out the door. The appointment had been quick; she was currently just monitoring Cyan and taking his vitals. "She's been asking about you, and this way we can do your walk earlier."

Now that it wasn't pouring outside, Cyan was itching for a walk around the yard. He pulled on his knitted hat and oversized manatee sweater.

"How are the sunburns?" asked Azri. A thin mist hung over the boardwalks, and the dappled sunlight cut through it in pale gold rays.

"Still gone," Cyan replied, pulling back the collar of his sweater and revealing a patch of blue "tan" above his collarbone that was already starting to fade. "And um...about that-..."

Avi's airship was covered in leaves and sticks from the surrounding trees. Pia and May had spent the previous day clearing the walkways, but a tree had fallen across their path. Cyan had started looking for a way around the tree when Azri approached the fallen tree, prodded it with her toe, adjusted her footing, and kicked it with a loud crack that made Cyan wince. The tree split apart in the middle and fell to either side of the walkway.

"Look at all that dead wood," said Azri, kicking the remaining stick fragments off the boardwalk. "It's no wonder it fell."

"Didn't that hurt?" asked Cyan.

"No, these shoes are reinforced," said Azri. She had on a sturdier pair of shoes than her usual non-scuffing crepe soles. "May insisted on getting me these now that I'm up here every day. I didn't expect them to be so great for kicking things! I'm gonna have to scrub off the scuff though."

They arrived at Avi's door and Azri knocked.

"If we talk about anything personal you may need to stand outside," said Azri. Cyan nodded.

Avi answered the door in her nightshirt, with her hair up in a messy bun. She looked almost as healthy as she did in the...the memory drained away again.

"You're early, Cyan," she said, blushing, but invited them in and brought out some canned tea from her refrigerator. The label on the side said the contents were "blood orange chamomile herbal tea."

"Azri says it should be safe for humans," Avi announced. Cyan tried it, and before he knew it he'd finished the can. He was used to waiting for tea to cool and drinking it all, but with the chilled tea, he could skip a step.

"Are...you human?" Cyan asked Avi. She set another tea in front of him, and his bladder reminded him that he'd skipped the bathroom that morning.

"Only a quarter," said Avi. "I asked Azri what might be safe for you, and she said that anything safe for humans should be okay."

"Your test results so far aren't entirely human but they skew that way," said Azri. "Once your tests get back from the Went Sietch I'll be able to tell for sure." Azri stayed standing near the door, peering out the window.

"Went has the testing facilities for that?" said Avi, sitting down. "I thought they were underwater."

"That doesn't mean they can't have genetic testing facilities," sniffed Azri. "Underwater doesn't mean it has to be low-tech." Cyan regretted picking the seat that faced the toilet in Avi's weird bathroom/front room and tried not to look at it or sip his tea. He immediately caught himself picking up his tea for another drink and put it down.

"How did you get it there?" Avi asked. "Is there an Amphibious service?"

"We have delivery services too," said Azri distractedly. "Two-thirds of the people on this world are Amphibious, you know. It's not like we don't have the infrastructure." She stepped primly toward the door, subtly hopping up and down on her heels. "Avaris, would you make sure that both you and Cyan empty your bladders soon? I need to go."

"Did you ask her?" said Avaris quietly as Azri traversed the boardwalks to Mayra's workshop outside.

"I tried but I didn't get a chance. She kicked a tree in half," said Cyan. Avaris looked closely at him. "What about the pot?"

"The Fast Fliers can't ship that stuff," sighed Avaris. "That's why I wanted to ask Azri."

"Do they not sell that stuff in town though?" Cyan unselfconsciously dropped his hand into his lap and adjusted himself. "Pia has to get her supplies somewhere." Avaris watched him stop himself from taking another drink of his tea; she was glad he liked it. Watching Cyan struggle to hold it made Avaris's heart race.

"Should we take this um..." Avaris pointed toward the wide shower bay. "Are you ready?"

Cyan twisted in his seat and moaned, "I couldn't ask Azri, remember?"

"How would it be different if you did?" asked Avaris. She realized that she needed to pee too. "She'd probably just watch."

"Touche," breathed Cyan, getting up and pulling his chair to the shower bay.

Pia lowered the airship into the grassy field that served as Shell Bay's airship parking area. The Tinkering Scallop was right next to where she set down.

The shop looked slightly cleaner than usual after the days of rain, and a deconstructed hover manifold sat on a table in the far corner. Lady's toolkit sat open next to it. Lady herself was at the front counter.

"Miss Pia! What brings you here? More fuses for your silverling model?"

Pia wiped her feet on the mat inside the door before approaching the desk. "You got a call for Miss Mayra earlier this week?"

"Why do you want to know?" asked Lady. "Do you know the Nucifera girl too?"

"It was about her?" said Pia, taken aback.

"I'll tell you everything if you do something for me," Lady's strange black eyes glittered. "Do you have anywhere to be today?" Pia looked up at the clock: it was just past noon.

Saoirse stood at the top of the stairs down the plateau at half past two in the afternoon, panting. It had been an unproductive day, but she wasn't too concerned about it. She leaned on her knees and paused to catch her breath for about a minute. When she straightened up, the dockyard was empty. Saoirse didn't know why she'd looked up until she heard a rushing noise from above. Two winged figures were approaching.

###

The pic is Pia when she was younger, May with light hair and coveralls with the wrong name on them, Della (Azri's oldest, adopted) and Arthur from a family pic - you can see the top of Chrysanthemum's head.

&&

*045*2023-08-21 22:05

Part 32

The two winged figures swooped lower over the walkway. Saoirse recognized the brown and white striped wings of one, but not the gray and black gull-like wings on the other. The figure with the gull wings landed abruptly and heavily on the walkway, while the one with the striped wings came to a gentler stop much closer to Saoirse. He wasn't in uniform but wore a gray long-distance flying suit. He unzipped his flying cowl and revealed his face.

"Hi, Tulip," said Saoirse, pleased at how quickly she remembered the name. "What are you doing out here in plain clothes?" Tulip opened his mouth to speak, but his companion shambled over. He wore a similar flying suit to Tulip's.

The man blustered at her from inside the flight cowl; it muffled and distorted what he said, but he sounded angry. Over-the-top displays of anger were a very culturally Andyne way of expressing distress, Saoirse reflected. She could just make out the words "Miss Eneko" from the muffled tirade.

"This is Yarrow," said Tulip. Yarrow hopped off the walkway tugging at his flight suit and landed heavily on the ground. "Just a sec," Tulip groaned and hopped down, landing lightly next to Yarrow. With both of their wings in the way, Saoirse could smell what was going on: Yarrow was wetting his flight suit. Saoirse could also smell that he was very out of shape, dehydrated, and had been holding it for some time. He backed away when Tulip approached him.

"Yarrow, let me help you," said Tulip. "Please, that's my good spare suit." Yarrow let Tulip open a flap in the suit over the crotch. He stepped back so Yarrow could fumble with his clothing underneath.

Yarrow said something to Tulip that was muffled by his helmet, sagging with relief when he'd negotiated his clothes and was safely pissing out of the suit.

"That's why I told you to wear the flight gloves," said Tulip. "Will you need any help closing it up?"

Yarrow said something in reply, held up a hand and wiggled his fingers.

"If you need help, just holler," said Tulip, using his wings to hop back up to the walkway.

"He's supposed to find some kid named Nucifera," Tulip said to Saoirse.

"Where's he from?" Saoirse asked quietly. Below the walkway, Yarrow had drawn his wings around himself and appeared to be sobbing. She reminded herself that Yarrow was probably from WS, and felt a surge of antipathy for him.

Tulip sighed, "Yarrow is a family legal agent from the Andyne Homeworld."

Surprisingly, it had been Mayra who'd informed Saoirse of what was going on several days before. Avaris's great-grandfather had died a little under a month ago. He'd been the patriarch of the powerful, sprawling Nucifera family on the Andyne homeworld. He'd lived a long life, even for an andyne, and Mayra had estimated his age at a hundred and seventy years. When Saoirse had asked why there was no listed birthdate, Mayra had scoffed, "When they get to one hundred the elders like adding ten years to their age when they think nobody's looking. A birthdate would make that inconvenient."

"He just wants to find the great-granddaughter and give her some paperwork," Tulip explained.

Saoirse glared in Yarrow's general direction. "I'll speak to her, but the dockyard is closed for the weekend. You'll need to come back on Monday."

Yarrow said a bunch of muffled syllables up at them. The helmet damped and distorted the sound so that Saoirse could only pick out about every third word. The clearest word had been "death," which didn't do Yarrow any favors.

"He says it's mostly just standard family death stuff," Tulip translated. "And we didn't bring all of the paperwork. Neither of us thought she'd still be here."

Yarrow interjected with something that sounded like "you have the fenvelope." He fumbled with his clothes and almost attempted to hop up to the walkway like Tulip had, but thought better of it and went around to the stairs.

"If you say so," said Tulip unzipping a chest panel on his suit. From an inner pocket, he brought out an envelope marked "CONFIDENTIAL," which he handed to Saoirse.

Tulip and Yarrow left on foot, Tulip lecturing Yarrow on the importance of wearing gloves on long flights while they descended the dizzying stairs down the side of the plateau. It would take them close to the downtown area of Segoe, where they would find some lodgings and a change of clothes for Yarrow.

Saoirse sniffed the envelope on her way to Avaris's airship: The ink was fresh, and the paper smelled faintly of sweat and soap from being in Tulip's pocket. She noticed Avaris's scent on the walkway alongside Cyan's when she reached Pia's airship. Their trail, which was so fresh that she'd probably just missed them, circled behind the ship. Saoirse followed it, eager to be rid of the envelope. After that, she needed to find and tell Mayra and Azri about the two andyne visitors.

"Do they usually grow that fast?" asked Avaris's voice.

"You know, I feel like I should know this," Cyan replied. Saoirse hurried down the stairs to the ground. "Maybe the rain makes it grow faster?"

Turning the corner Saoirse was so close she could smell the shrug Avaris gave. Avaris and Cyan stood around about halfway along the airship, by a tomato plant that grew underneath the hover platform, about half the size of Pia's tomato plants. Cyan wore his sweater and a cap over his shorts, and Avaris wore a short, retina-stingingly bright blue-green dress patterned with cacti. Saoirse could smell right away that Cyan had a full bladder, and for some reason, it took her an extra second to realize that Avaris's was too.

Saoirse walked over and stopped so that the three of them formed a semicircle around the tomato plant. "I think I know where this is going. Mind if I go too?"

"Sure." Avaris's nerves got the better of her and she squatted, gathering up her skirt. She wore an odd sort of padded flower-patterned undershorts underneath, which she pulled out of the way just in time to avoid a powerful spray. It flattened some of the leaves on the plant.

"Avi-"

"I know, sorry," said Avaris, aiming the spray at the ground. Saoirse slipped the letter into the pocket of her cargo shorts, and she and Cyan started at the same time, aiming for the plant.

"Your pee is blue?" said Saoirse.

Cyan snorted, "I'm surprised you didn't know, but it's nice to know that Azri isn't just telling everyone everything."

Saoirse remembered small, clear medical sample jars in Pia's refrigerator, filled with blue liquid with dates written on their sides in Azri's handwriting. Saoirse had assumed it was some form of medical cleaning solution and had been setting pitchers of tea next to them to chill for the past several days. The jars were sealed and she couldn't smell urine on the outside, so Saoirse wasn't exactly grossed out, but she made a mental note to set the pitcher on the opposite side of the fridge the next time she made cold tea.

The three of them stood and squatted in silence, watering the tomato plant for a long, awkward moment.

"Your uh...last name is Nucifera, right?" Saoirse asked Avaris.

Just finishing, Avaris looked up. "Yeah. Why do you ask?"

"Two Andynes flew up here asking for you," said Saoirse. "They gave me an envelope to give you, and I told them to come back on Monday. It's in my pocket. Did you want it now or should we wait?"

Avaris stood up, adjusting the odd undershorts beneath her skirt, and Saoirse finished and zipped up. Between them, Cyan was the only one still peeing.

"Let's wash our hands inside first," said Avaris. They waited for Cyan to finish before going back inside.

###

I found that pic from my hard drive of Tabbitha from 2009 and decided to post a chapter to celebrate. With the pic. This is a really old watercolor, and not even the oldest pic of Tabbitha. Did I just write all of this to use Tabbitha again? She *does* have suspiciously green hair like half of my freaking characters. If I find the oldest pic I'll post it with a chapter.

&&

*047*2023-08-22 19:03

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

I'm not usually I fan of water paintings, but I think this one looks pretty nice

}}

Thanks. 🙂 I still use techniques I learned from watercolors.

*048*2023-08-24 20:24

Chib Part 33:

Azri pulled May by the hand out to the orchard. A knot of excitement tightened in her stomach.

"You know we could just go back home," said May. She wore her grubby painting overalls and had her hair up in two buns under a paint-spattered scarf.

Azri pushed down her shorts and squatted on the ground between the trees. She let out a brief stream that lasted about five seconds.

"Sorry. Both of my patients were holding it for some reason," said Azri, letting herself drip.

"You never got like this when you were first treating Pia," said May. "Are you alright?"

"I did a little, but we didn't know each other as well back then and I was pretty good at hiding it. This time it's...amplified somehow," Azri replied. "It's almost as strong as it would be underwater when they're both around. I want to test it more, see if it's my nervous system or theirs."

"It sounds like it could be theirs," said May while Azri stood up. "The blue kid was in hydrostasis for what...a decade?"

Azri shook her head. "That's just how far I've been able to track his unit. The specific model was in production about thirty years ago, so we at least have an upper estimate of what it could be."

"This is a lot of exposition, Az." May took her hand and they strolled along the orchard, overlooking the long slope down to the stretch of plains below. The ocean sparkled faintly, far in the hazy distance. "What did you want to tell me?"

Azri stopped and glanced around. "Now's as good of a time as any, I suppose," she said, turning and taking both of May's hands. "I have good news and bad news. Which did you want to hear first?"

"The bad news," said May without hesitation.

"There *is* somebody looking for you. They've been pretty consistent about it, but one thing Saoirse and I know for sure is that it's not anyone from the WS." Azri watched May's face. "From what we've been able to find, it seems to be a family member."

May frowned. "Did they know-"

"No, they were mostly going by your description," said Azri. "Your wings are quite distinctive."

"Alright," May sighed, shuffling her wings somewhat self-consciously. Her feathers needed some preening, which she was planning to do later that evening. "Now what's the good news?"

Azri clasped May's hands tighter and felt her heart skip a beat. "You're dead."

"I'll be up here next week," said Pia, exiting the Tinkering Scallop's backroom with Lady. "I'm here often enough that I can stop by and help out until you can get into a routine."

"What can I give you in return?" asked Lady. "Would store credit be alright?" She was unique even to other off-world grisderms, having mastered the use of the pronoun "I" while most other grisderms referred to themselves exclusively in the third person. However, she still had the oddly formal, rote cadence of the Grisderm Homeworld. Sometimes she sounded like she was unsuccessfully reciting limericks.

"Honestly? I just like helping keep the plants alive," said Pia. "But I'll take a free coffee."

"Take two," said Lady. "And another for the Nucifera girl, with my compliments."

Lady sent Pia off with three cans of coffee and a chilled bottle of water. The wind off the ocean offset the glaring sunlight as she hurried back to the airship.

With favorable conditions, it would take about two hours to get back along the coastal route, and Pia tried to ration her coffee and water.

Lady hadn't been able to tell her much, only that someone had come calling about May because they'd heard that Avaris was staying at her dockyard.

"The first was that young fellow from the Fast Flyers - Tulip. He's a nice kid, bought a can of coffee from the cooler. The other had gray wings and wore a suit. He was uh...very Andyne."

"Very Andyne?" Pia repeated. May had also said things like this to her before, but she wasn't sure what it meant.

"Hmm...you know those guys on the radio in the busy season that always sound angry about something, but if you ask they'll angrily tell you they're not angry?" said Lady. "Like that."

"Ah," said Pia, examining the soil of one of the larger houseplants.

"I think his name was like...Arrowroot...or maybe Daffodil?" Lady's gray face scrunched slightly in concentration. "He looked like a 'Daffodil.' And he had a stupid haircut. It didn't suit his face at all."

Pia resolved to talk to Avaris. May wasn't keeping her away anymore, but every time she saw Avaris, there had always been some reason not to go over and talk to her. It definitely looked like Pia was avoiding Avaris from some angles. Pia mulled it over until it became difficult to think: the air conditioning unit on the runabout wasn't great, and she'd cheated a bit on the beverage rationing. Before she knew it half the water bottle was gone, and she'd almost finished her first can of coffee. About half an hour away from the dockyard, she decided she'd had enough and set down on the Crossway River over a sandy island. She set the ship to hover and hurried to the back of the ship, already raising her skirt.

Pia thought she was a little close to the water, but there was no going back now. Pia grabbed the railing at her favorite spot, let her butt swing down, and relaxed. She'd considered using the bucket instead on the way out and was glad she didn't. The breeze off the river was cooling in the relentless afternoon heat, and the view was nice.

"Is this why you are called Pia, instead of Cassie?" asked a rough feminine voice. Pia heard splashing nearby, and Tabbitha slithered up onto the beach, stopping uncomfortably close - at least for Pia - to the raised sandy bank that Pia was peeing on. She wished she hadn't drunk all that coffee.

"I just like 'Pia' better than 'Cassie,'" said Pia.

Tabbitha nodded. "A good reason. Why are you here?"

"I'm just...uh...stopping to relieve myself," Pia floundered. "Is it alright? I can't stop."

Tabbitha looked Pia pointedly in the eye. After a few seconds, she seemed confused and took a breath to speak. "I don't mind. Why did you drink the coffee?"

"The what?" Pia squeaked. She tried to clench up to stop peeing but lost her nerve when Tabbitha gave her another pointed look.

"In your other voice...like when you called me a giant woman and admired my breasts," said Tabbitha matter-of-factly. Pia's face turned all red and she hid it behind her knees. She'd admired Tabbitha's breasts more than once and remembered having the thought, "I'm buying buns for a giant woman," as she was walking over to the bun shop.

"Pia?" said Tabbitha. Pia was finally finishing up, and the flow fell further away from where Tabbitha sat. "Did I offend?"

"No," Pia gulped. "No, it's fine. I just didn't know you could hear that. I'm sorry."

"It's uncommon if that helps," said Tabbitha. "And it's flattering that you think I am large and have nice breasts."

If this was an anime, this would be the part where Pia got a nosebleed and fainted. Since it wasn't anime, she stayed mortifyingly conscious and pulled her skirt up to hide her face more.

"You live in Segoe, right?" said Tabbitha.

"Yeah," Pia said, peeking over her skirt. "Why?"

When Pia returned to the dockyard, she hooked up the charging port for the evening. The dockyard was shady and quiet, and she saw no one on her way home. She drank the rest of her can of coffee and tossed it into the recycle bin in the nearest supply shed. Pia was tempted to open the second can but didn't. She was saving it for Saoirse.

###

I found the oldest pic of Tabbitha (from March 2007). I was still in high school then. I also found a bunch of my early college essays, including the group project files that taught me to start naming both school assignments and the smut I wrote. I used to leave it as "document" and during that group project, might have mistakenly emailed one of my early unfinished omo short stories to the person in charge of my group project instead of the essay portion of our project.

I caught it two days later and sent in the actual essay, telling my classmate to disregard that last file in my previous email. Since it was a weekend there's a possibility that they never opened it, and also still the possibility that I did just send the unnamed essay document. My school inbox was erased when the school has switched to an entirely different system the next year, so the only way to know for sure now is to track down my former classmate and ask them, and even then they might lie because they're embarrassed or just genuinely not remember.

&&

