Chib: An Omorashi Fiction - Page 2

Author: Astraptera

*042*2023-08-14 21:14

Chib Pt. 29

Seven and a half years ago:

(Saoirse's Adventures Part 12)

Thunder rumbled through the building. It woke Saoirse; she knew that she was afraid of thunder, but didn't have the energy to react. She rolled onto her back, freeing her knee-length tail to swish at her side. Her waist-length yellow-white hair had come out of its braid while she was asleep and wrapped uncomfortably around her catlike ears, whose color matched her hair, with faint tabby stripes. She took a second to detangle them before getting up. A chemical smell seemed to stick in the back of her sinuses, an odd sterile smell that reminded her of either house paint or industrial markers. The smell had pervaded the hidden basement she and Arthur had entered that morning. It wasn't quite as strong where they slept, but made the post-nap headache worse. She decided to get up.

Saoirse stretched as she sat up, her head pounding. Arthur lay sprawled out next to her on his stomach, his bad wing stretched carefully across the arm of the folding couch bed they were sleeping on. The other was neatly folded at his side, maintaining a space for Saoirse. His black feathers were fluffed out in the cold, damp air. Saoirse couldn't tell which way his head was facing: his curly shoulder-length dark hair lay around his head in a frizzy mass. Trying not to wake Arthur, Saoirse reached under the blankets, searching for the kangaroo pocket of his hoodie. Her hand closed around the flip phone and took it out.

"All you had to do was ask," mumbled Arthur. He pushed himself up slowly, bracing his wing. He shook his hair back; his eyes were unfocused because he couldn't see in the scant light filtering in under the door to the hall. Saoirse, being half renoige, had keen night vision and could clearly see him. She simultaneously noticed his post-nap erection and took a moment to be jealous of how good he looked in the blue citrus-patterned skirt she'd given him. "What time is it?"

Saoirse clicked the button on the battered old flip phone. "It's six-thirty-three, and you have a text message from Milly."

"In the evening?" Arthur grunted, stretching.

"Dig site rained out, gone to town to stay with Digit and Mums," Arthur read aloud while Saoirse rooted through his duffel bag for a bottle of pain relievers. "Huh. The migraine pills are in the zipper pocket on the inside."

Saoirse's search yielded several bottles of pills. Arthur had labeled them himself; he wrote in a swooping cursive hand taught on the Renoige Homeworld. Both Saoirse and Arthur had learned it in school, but Saoirse had abandoned it at the first opportunity.

"You have beautiful handwriting," commented Saoirse, squinting at a word made of nondescript, rounded loops. "I can't read it."

"You can't smell which one it is?" Arthur yawned.

Saoirse shook her head, then remembered it was too dark for him to see it. "No. That chemical smell from downstairs is covering everything."

"Really? I can't smell it up here," said Arthur. "Give them to me." He extended a hand and Saoirse handed them to him one by one. He held his phone up to each to read them. "This is it. No more than two," he said, handing back the third bottle. Saoirse led them into the bright hallway. They made their way to the office room with the salvaged microwave in the corner.

Arthur pinched the bridge of his nose over his coffee. He'd been glancing at the window, at the tarpaulin-draped campsite across the water. "Should we let everyone from the dig in here?" Arthur yawned. "I think they'd appreciate the showers."

"Well we're both trespassing," said Saoirse. Her head was starting to feel better, but she still couldn't smell much. It was almost like having a cold without the stuffy nose. "And you're here with your university group. If it got out that you were trespassing on some evil corporation's property, everyone could get in trouble." Arthur slurped his coffee morosely, and Saoirse added, "It's supposed to get hot again tomorrow. Besides, they get to take a break from digging with the rain pouring like this, don't they?"

"Milly said they had plenty to document," Arthur sighed.

After the coffee, they returned to the office they'd slept in. The trap door under the desk was easy to open now that Saoirse knew where it was. The chemical smell wasn't as intense this time, but Saoirse still had it stuck in the back of her throat from earlier. The coffee had helped, but going back downstairs, the smell was already starting to give her a new headache.

"I hope this doesn't go down too far," said Saoirse. Her voice echoed off the walls of the surveillance room at the bottom of the stairs.

Saoirse peeked in all of the rooms along the first hallway and found that the tables in some rooms had odd extensions off to the sides.

"They're wing rests for Andynes," said Arthur.

"I've been to the doctor on the Andyne Homeworld, and I've seen their exam tables. They look nothing like this," said Saoirse. The tables she'd sat on had raised headrests and inclined sides for winged patients.

"They're specifically for wing injuries," Arthur said, squeezing past Saoirse to stand next to it. He carefully raised his bad wing and rested it, slightly extended, against the padded ends of the metal extensions. "When it needs to stay extended for physical therapy, shots, or exams."

"This was a Haman facility though," said Saoirse. "There were a few Anth and Andynes on the staff rosters, but they were security and food service."

Arthur shrugged, maneuvering himself out of the apparatus. "The best wing specialists tend to be Hamans. They have extra schooling requirements, and they work with Amphibious diagnosticians for at least a year. There weren't any andyne wing doctors at some of the clinics my dad took me to on the Homeworld."

"I've never been to a wing clinic," Saoirse admitted, and made a mental note to find an excuse to go to one.

"Well, I wouldn't recommend it," Arthur laughed as they left the room. "How's your head?"

"Better, but it smells down here," sighed Saoirse. "Let's get as far as we can, then I can come back later and get photos if we find anything interesting."

The door at the end of the hallway opened into another hallway. There were more patient rooms, and Saoirse wondered how many patients the place once had.

Another set of doors intersected a wide corridor. A sign indicated "Patient Facilities" with an arrow leading off to the right, and the left hallway ended in a pair of swinging doors with "EMPLOYEES ONLY" stenciled across the door. Saoirse went right.

"What? No forbidden door?" said Arthur, shining his flashlight around. The beam bounced off the white walls and diffused the light.

"The smell is stronger that way," said Saoirse. "Let's go back upstairs after this. I need a break."

"Would it help if I pissed on the floor again? I do need to go," said Arthur.

"You do?" Saoirse asked. One of the easiest things to smell, whether or not she was used to a person's species, was when someone had a full bladder. She sniffed, and had to concentrate to isolate it from the overlaid chemical smell. It was like trying to identify color through a dull green camera filter.

The first door opened to a large sitting room. The air seemed to rush in when they entered, and when Arthur shut it behind them her sinuses recovered a bit. The air in that room smelled like rain; it was probably piped in from outside.

"Cover your eyes, " said Arthur, and Saoirse did while he flipped the light switch. Soft lighting flickered on around the walls. The floor underfoot was polished wood, inlaid with an intricate geometric stone pattern. Furniture sat grouped in different corners of the room, some chairs sporting odd extensions like the ones on the patient tables. Arthur slid into the nearest one, shrugging his bad wing into the cushioned places and adjusting it so that it rested in a striking tableau of black feathers. With that done he pulled off the skirt and tossed it onto the chaise lounge next to his chair.

"Did you still want me to pee?" asked Arthur, raising his hoodie. His erection throbbed in the chill air, pointing squarely at Saoirse. "I'll need to take care of this first. Unless you want to help, you should probably move."

"Can I do oral?" asked Saoirse.

Arthur took a slow, deep breath. Saoirse's sense of smell was still not great, but she could smell how worked up he was. "Maybe just a handjob?" he said at last.

"How about a tit job?" Saoirse suggested. "I've always wanted to try that."

Two minutes later, Saoirse had retrieved a short stool and kneeled on it between Arthur's thighs.

"Why do they even have stools this short?" Saoirse snorted. She was naked, and her tail swished excitedly behind her.

"It's a footrest for when you have to sit for a long time," said Arthur. "For treatments-..." He stifled a moan when Saoirse pressed her chest against him, raised herself, and pushed her small breasts together around his shaft. She didn't have enough breast to go completely around, so her hands covered the gap.

"Can I lick or kiss it?" asked Saoirse, moving down. The movement pulled back Arthur's foreskin, and it was close enough to her mouth for Saoirse to breathe on the exposed head. Arthur's body flinched subtly with each exhalation. Hovering close, she could smell the subtle edge of Arthur's medication on the clear fluid leaking out of him. She smelled his embarrassment before realizing that she was frowning herself.

"I can um...clean up in the sink in the corner," Arthur said, blushing under his freckles.

Saoirse's face mirrored Arthur's, warming slightly. "Oh no, it's not that. I can just smell your medication."

Arthur swallowed. "You mean it's in the umm..." Saoirse started moving again and he gasped.

"Yeah," Saoirse sighed. "Can I do things with my mouth if I don't swallow anything?" Arthur nodded, and she moved down enough to kiss the tip. One of Arthur's hands settled on Saoirse's head, feeling her silky catlike ears while he lay back.

Saoirse had just enough time to try everything she wanted with her mouth before Arthur gasped out, "Rabb!"

Bemused, Saoirse stood up, moved like they'd agreed, and finished him off with her hand. Arthur soiled the carpet between his legs in several large bursts, his body jerking and spasming. When it stopped coming out he sat up, shaking and mortified. He kept opening his mouth like he wanted to say something and shutting it again.

"It's alright, everyone already knows you've had a huge crush on Rabb since you two were in elementary school," said Saoirse, patting Arthur's thigh. Saoirse could smell instantly that what she'd said had had the opposite of the intended effect. Arthur paled.

"Everyone?" Arthur said faintly.

"Well mostly just me," Saoirse backtracked. Arthur's childhood crush on Rabb would've been obvious to any renoige with a sense of smell, but she decided to leave that out for now. "It's one of the few things I remember about you. That, and you spilled the blood for the restaurant's desserts over my homework that one time."

Arthur hid his face in his hands and groaned, "I remember that now. I'm so sorry."

Saoirse laughed, "It got me out of doing my dumb cursive homework. Mom was more angry at you than I was." She bent down, kissed him on the top of his head, and was gratified to feel him shiver. "Where did you want to pee down here?" Arthur sat back and thought about it, his hoodie pulled up to his chest.

"I forgot how comfortable these chairs are," said Arthur. He used his foot to move the footrest to the side. "I've already soiled the carpet, so I might as well go all the way."

Arthur stretched out, spreading his legs apart over the carpet and letting his butt hang over the side of the chair.

"You don't want to get the chair wet?" snorted Saoirse.

"I might want to sit here again. This is a nice chair." Arthur reached down to pull back his foreskin and aim. He shook and stimulated his slowly-shrinking member to start the flow and achieved a drip.

"Mind if I go too?" Saoirse asked, standing next to him.

Saoirse had a much easier time with it. She pulled down the front of her shorts, freed her clitoris, and let go right away, aiming for where the first drops of Arthur's piss had soaked into the carpet.

"You're not retracted anymore," observed Arthur. His drip sped up and coalesced into a stream. "You're even a bit swollen."

Saoirse grinned. "It popped back out while we were asleep." She finished and shook off, righting her shorts. "And I enjoyed the tit job."

"If you like I could return the favor," Arthur offered, his urine pattering steadily on the carpet. The pile of the carpet and deep, and the puddle between his thighs was deceptively small.

"Later," sighed Saoirse. "I'm okay for right now." Something still wasn't quite right with Saoirse's sense of smell. It wasn't coming back as she'd hoped it would; she was just starting to get used to the chemical smell sticking in her nose. A suspicious throb in the back of her head threatened another headache, but the smell was definitely weaker in the patient lounge. Saoirse thought there might be an air vent to the outside, offering something of the outdoors to the nice but windowless basement room. Both Andyne and Haman doctors had a thing for "fresh air," and it didn't take Saoirse long to locate the air vents in two of the corners.

Arthur yawned, "Well, I'm always up for more practice, so if you're ever in the mood for it, just ask."

Saoirse walked up to the door while Arthur put his skirt back on. She couldn't smell anything from it; the door had an airtight rubber seal around it, unfaded and only slightly dried out after years of disuse in the dark.

"Do you still want to go back upstairs?" asked Arthur, approaching with the footrest he'd saved under his arm.

"Yeah," said Saoirse. She braced herself, but the chemical smell that washed in wasn't as bad as before.

"It really is strong down here, isn't it?" Arthur sniffed the air and wrinkled his nose. "There's probably an open vat of hydrostatic fluid somewhere. If you take the footrest up with you, I could try to find the vat and seal it down here."

Saoirse looked at the footrest: it was the one she'd kneeled on, and had somehow escaped getting spattered in bodily fluids. "No. I don't think either of us should be alone down here. That's how people die in horror movies."

Saoirse and Arthur found some masking tape to seal off the trap door once they got back to the upper office, and opened some doors and windows to air it out. They collaborated on a plan to explore the hidden basement the next day over dinner and crossed the courtyard in the rain for a shower after.

###

This is from something like five years before Saoirse met Pia; at first I was excited to have two stories intersect like this but it doesn't make as much sense on paper as it did in my head. Also I'm only up to part 32. 😅

Art is Rabb and Arthur playing a boardgame. I drew it in early 2017 in ink and colored pencils. Rabb is a full-renoige, and not half human like Saoirse.

&&

*043*2023-08-17 22:00

Chib Part 30:

"We'd been asleep for about nine hours, so I thought we'd-" Saoirse grunted. Her face was buried in Pia's cleavage, and Pia's hand was between her legs. "I thought we'd be awake all night, but we slept another twelve hours after we got back from the showers."

Pia had been working slowly at Saoirse for almost an hour, sitting astride Saoirse's lap in the seat by the radio. They'd started in bed, moving when Saoirse warned her that the bed might get wet. A tarp from the emergency supplies had been draped over the chair to keep it dry, and it crackled under them. Saoirse's body was starting to tighten, and she pressed her face into Pia's breasts. Saoirse was wet enough for Pia to insert a finger or two, but she had been for the past fifteen minutes.

"Ready?" asked Pia.

Saoirse nodded breathlessly, and Pia inserted her fingers. Saoirse braced her feet on the floor, moving her hips rhythmically against Pia's hand. Saoirse's movements turned the chair so that Pia could see out the front window. Pia was enjoying Saoirse's moans when something in the window caught her eye. A square of blue tarp, much like the one protecting the seat they were on, sat along the water about fifty meters away. It looked like an awning that they used for-

Saoirse smothered her loudest moan yet in Pia's cleavage and pulsated around Pia's hand. As Pia redoubled her efforts, a teal-skinned figure set a pole in the ground next to the first awning and attached a silvered thermal tarp cover, disappearing behind it. Saoirse bucked hard and gave a few more spasms before her body relaxed. She was left twitching and panting, and Pia held her for as long as she dared.

"Pia, what is it?" Saoirse wheezed. The voices from before had come back. Saoirse's ears perked up. "You hear it too?"

Pia gulped. "May said we'd be close to the farmer's market when I talked to her. I think this is it." Saoirse twisted to look over her shoulder and squinted in the bright morning sunlight.

"But this is a..." Saoirse stopped to sniff the air. "This is a quarry? What kind of farmers market takes place at an abandoned quarry?" She nudged Pia and Pia gingerly climbed off her, staying down to keep out of sight at the front window. Saoirse got up too, and Pia was satisfied to note that Saoirse was still visibly shaky.

"An Amphibious one. This place must connect to the Nilbog watercourse," said Pia quietly, peeking over the lip of the window. In the space between the airship and the water, awnings and tents were set up in a grid. What Pia had seen had just been the edge of a long cluster of market stalls. Steam was already rising from several of the stalls. Next to her, Saoirse sniffed the air.

"They're cooking," whispered Saoirse, ducking down when the shapes of people crossed one of the gaps in the tents.

They pulled the tarp off the chair and folded the sides in to contain the liquid that Saoirse had left. The original plan had been to take the tarp outside and wash it off in the water. Now that there was a whole farmer's market outside, neither of them wanted to try that.

"Were they out there when Mayra called?" Saoirse yawned, motioning for Pia to turn so she could button the back of Pia's dress. A jagged semi-grid of knotty scar tissue crisscrossed Pia's back. The knottiest scars formed a pair of vertical lines up her shoulder blades. Saoirse had seen them many times and tried not to stare for too long.

"No. I even went out and looked when I got your clothes," said Pia. She sidestepped the folded tarp and sat on the pilot's chair while Saoirse stepped into her shorts. "You're still retracted?"

"It's a slow process," said Saoirse. "First the muscles relax, then it pops out slowly over about twenty minutes. Walking around helps."

The supply ramp was still extended, so Pia strolled down it and behind the aircraft. Saoirse followed curiously.

"Pia, why are we going this way-" she halted when Pia stopped and spread her feet on the pitted ground. Saoirse turned and looked in the direction of the farmer's market along the water. A few people could be seen walking around, but no one looked their way.

Pia raised her skirt slightly and let loose on a dry spot of ground. "You're blushing," she giggled.

"You don't usually just...go out in the open like this," said Saoirse, walking over to stand behind Pia and clasp her waist. She kissed Pia's neck and rested her head on Pia's shoulder. "Not that I'm complaining."

"As long as you keep it away from the food and out of the water, they don't care," said Pia. "It's easy to find somewhere at outdoor events like this. Do you need to go before we get breakfast?"

Saoirse's stomach growled, almost as though on cue. "I'll go after we finish shopping. Let's get some food."

The farmer's market extended out into the water. Since the market was run by and for Amphibious people, several of the market stalls were below the waves on the submerged shelves of the quarry. There was no way to get to most of them, except to swim.

"What do they make here?" asked Saoirse, sniffing the air. She couldn't place some of the smells from the various vendors. Saoirse glanced at the closest vendor, an amphibious man with deep green skin dividing up a slab of dough for some sort of fried buns at a stall labeled "BUN SHOP." He wore a hat, gloves, and a full-length apron, but something felt off. Saoirse was trying to figure out what was different when the man turned around and she saw his buttcheeks.

"Most of the food is either carbohydrates, fish, or seaweed," said Pia. They passed another amphibious man, this time a customer. A pale pattern of stripes wrapped around his sides, which Saoirse could only see because the man was completely naked except for the waterproof pack he wore at his hip. They eventually came to the stall where a young woman stood naked in an apron over a boiling pot of water.

Saoirse didn't know what to get so she ordered the same buckwheat noodles and tea combo that Pia got. While the young woman prepared their orders, Pia asked her about the layout of the farmer's market.

"It looks like the veggies Azri needs are in the underwater stalls," said Pia, sitting down at a flat spot on the water's edge with her breakfast. One of the vendors had set up a sitting area with a light metal frame and stretched shade cloth canopy.

"Are we going to have to swim out there?" asked Saoirse. She felt pleasantly warm in the filtered sunlight, and the thought of going back in the water put her off her breakfast.

"I can help!" burped a voice at Saoirse's side. She jumped, narrowly avoiding dropping her food. Saoirse looked down into a pair of silver eyes, bobbing up out of the water. Another head came up out of the water someway behind her, next to the tall black fin and white saddle patch of an orca. The whale gave a keening squeal that echoed off the water, and Saoirse exchanged a glance with Pia.

"Hi, Naleini," said Saoirse.

"I knew it was you two," said Naleini happily. Next to Naleini, her blue-skinned mentor rose up and expelled water out of the gills at the sides of her throat. Naleini glanced back at her and said, "Tabbitha says you landed during the storm last night. Kalawok heard you."

"Kalawok?" Saoirse glanced up at Pia, whose face was just as red as hers felt.

Tabbitha gestured toward the orca they were with. Other whale fins broke the waves every now and then out in the deeper water, and they whistled and squealed among themselves.

Naleini took a second to refill the air sacs in her chest. "She needs air, so she stays near the surface at night here. The whales were vocal last night...after the rain." managing to sound consolatory in a series of lungless burps. It made Saoirse wonder just how much Naleini and Tabbitha had heard.

"Is this place always full of whales?" Saoirse asked faintly. Pia was suddenly very focused on her tea and took a long, slow drink.

Naleini exchanged another look with Tabbitha. "We don't know, we're just passing through," said Naleini. "There were only three other whales up here last...night, and more are here with the patrons this morning. Did you need help to get things? From the underwater stalls?"

Pia counted out some money for Naleini, and they watched her spiky, silvery fins disappear under the water. There was a splash next to Pia: Tabbitha raised herself out of the water and sat on the stony shelf. letting her crimson tail sway in the water. She was still completely naked except for a satchel and sea urchin necklace, and up close, Saoirse could see how big she was. Tabbitha was lean, muscular, and built to a larger scale than the average human: if she'd had legs instead of a tail she'd be about three meters tall.

"If I gave you money," Tabbitha said, looking between Saoirse and Pia. Her voice was deep and rusty, as though she didn't use it much. "Would one of you buy sweet buns?"

"From the baker with the nice buns, you mean?" thought Saoirse, stopping to make sure she hadn't said that out loud when Tabbitha looked at her. Pia put down her tea and looked at Saoirse; something about Saoirse's mortified expression made Pia get up and hold out a hand to Tabbitha.

"Thank you," said Tabbitha, handing Pia the money. "Get four, please." Pia strode off toward the food stalls, leaving Saoirse with the naked aquatic woman.

"You are nervous," Tabbitha stated purposefully. Somehow her curly green hair was already drying, blowing in the breeze off the water. "I will not eat you."

Saoirse looked up. "Wha-...thank you."

"You're welcome," said Tabbitha impassively. Naleini surfaced next to Saoirse with the groceries Pia had asked for and handed Saoirse the change. Saoirse tried to give her some money for her trouble, but she refused.

"I consider it repayment for finding us a...map. Where's Pia?" Naleini asked, taking up the spot next to Tabbitha. Tabbitha craned down to level her eyes with Naleini, and something seemed to pass between them.

Naleini made a complicated choking noise that Saoirse thought sounded like a giggle. "The man with nice buns...makes the buns," she told Saoirse. It gave Saoirse the odd impression that Naleini was somehow translating for Tabbitha. Naleini explained when Pia returned that Tabbitha had paid for four buns so they could each have one. They really were nice buns, Saoirse had to admit.

Back at the airship, Saoirse spread the tarp on the ground while Pia retrieved the water to rinse it off. They let it dry in the sun while they packed up the mattress and cooking supplies.

"Are people always naked at these things?" asked Saoirse while they stuffed the folded mattress back into its compartment.

"Yeah. I'm sorry I didn't warn you about it," said Pia, recalling Saoirse's face when she realized the vendors were naked under their aprons. "I worked for an Amphibious catering company for a year and a half when I arrived in this world, and I didn't realize how desensitized I am to it."

Saoirse picked up a blanket and started folding it. "Isn't being naked while making food somewhat uh... unhygienic?"

"That's what the aprons and gloves and stuff are for," said Pia. "They're very conscious of sanitation, especially in the aquatic sietches and weems."

"You didn't work underwater, did you?" Saoirse said incredulously.

"No. I mainly did outdoor events along the coast," said Pia. "But we also did mixed-accommodation hotels in the larger Amphibious cities." Pia glanced out the window. "We should flip the tarp. The top should be dry by now."

Pia hurried out and Saoirse helped her flip the tarp. It was dry enough for them to fold up, and Pia returned outside after they stowed it away. Pia found a dry spot on the ground and stood with her feet apart, facing away from the farmer's market.

"Already?" said Saoirse, stepping in front of Pia.

"We're going to be traveling for over an hour, and we just cleaned everything. " Pia leaned forward, looking up into Saoirse's face, and let go. The stream passed neatly between Saoirse's knees. "You should probably go too."

Saoirse blushed again and looked up over Pia's shoulder. "Just don't laugh, okay?"

"Why would I laugh?" asked Pia. Saoirse responded by unzipping her shorts. She was slightly more shrunken than usual, but that was normal after she'd been retracted for a while. Saoirse stepped back slightly, aimed straight down, and released. The two were enjoying watching each other when a pair of figures stepped out in the open behind the tents about fifty meters away. Saoirse and Pia were downwind of them, and Saoirse could tell that they were out there to pee too. She recognized the one on the right as the man who'd been making buns. Pia gently reached up and turned Saoirse's face to hers. It made Saoirse's heart flutter.

"You can look, but it's impolite to stare," said Pia quietly, glancing over her shoulder. What she saw made her go pale. "Are you almost done?"

"Why, what's wrong?" whispered Saoirse.

"I think I know at least one of them from somewhere." Pia was already finished, and though Saoirse wasn't quite done, Pia assured her that it was fine if she dribbled a few drops on the outer deck. She had Saoirse retract the boarding ramp while she powered up the airship, and within two minutes they were in the air, heading south.

###

Today's image is Naleini in colored pencil and an old censored photoshop pic of Tabbitha, both from 2017. I have some older watercolors of Tabbitha but I'm not sure where those are at the moment, and Naleini is more green and indigo here than silver.

&&

*044*2023-08-19 19:14

Chib Part 31:

Heavy rain and wind overshadowed the next five days. Most of May and Pia's time was spent either cleaning up the downed leaves and branches or repairing things that broke in the wind. Cyan thought that Saoirse might stay in, but every morning she left at the same time as Pia and went into town, getting back late every night after Cyan had gone to sleep. Cyan still had regular visits from Azri and the occasional call from Avi during the day. The constant rain made Cyan sleepy and lethargic, which Azri repeatedly reassured him was normal after long-term hydrostasis.

The rain ceased on Friday night, and Saturday dawned damp but clear. Saoirse and Pia had been up late watching movies on a small television in Pia's bedroom, and when Azri visited at eight in the morning, they were still asleep.

"Want to walk with me to see Avaris?" Azri asked on her way out the door. The appointment had been quick; she was currently just monitoring Cyan and taking his vitals. "She's been asking about you, and this way we can do your walk earlier."

Now that it wasn't pouring outside, Cyan was itching for a walk around the yard. He pulled on his knitted hat and oversized manatee sweater.

"How are the sunburns?" asked Azri. A thin mist hung over the boardwalks, and the dappled sunlight cut through it in pale gold rays.

"Still gone," Cyan replied, pulling back the collar of his sweater and revealing a patch of blue "tan" above his collarbone that was already starting to fade. "And um...about that-..."

Avi's airship was covered in leaves and sticks from the surrounding trees. Pia and May had spent the previous day clearing the walkways, but a tree had fallen across their path. Cyan had started looking for a way around the tree when Azri approached the fallen tree, prodded it with her toe, adjusted her footing, and kicked it with a loud crack that made Cyan wince. The tree split apart in the middle and fell to either side of the walkway.

"Look at all that dead wood," said Azri, kicking the remaining stick fragments off the boardwalk. "It's no wonder it fell."

"Didn't that hurt?" asked Cyan.

"No, these shoes are reinforced," said Azri. She had on a sturdier pair of shoes than her usual non-scuffing crepe soles. "May insisted on getting me these now that I'm up here every day. I didn't expect them to be so great for kicking things! I'm gonna have to scrub off the scuff though."

They arrived at Avi's door and Azri knocked.

"If we talk about anything personal you may need to stand outside," said Azri. Cyan nodded.

Avi answered the door in her nightshirt, with her hair up in a messy bun. She looked almost as healthy as she did in the...the memory drained away again.

"You're early, Cyan," she said, blushing, but invited them in and brought out some canned tea from her refrigerator. The label on the side said the contents were "blood orange chamomile herbal tea."

"Azri says it should be safe for humans," Avi announced. Cyan tried it, and before he knew it he'd finished the can. He was used to waiting for tea to cool and drinking it all, but with the chilled tea, he could skip a step.

"Are...you human?" Cyan asked Avi. She set another tea in front of him, and his bladder reminded him that he'd skipped the bathroom that morning.

"Only a quarter," said Avi. "I asked Azri what might be safe for you, and she said that anything safe for humans should be okay."

"Your test results so far aren't entirely human but they skew that way," said Azri. "Once your tests get back from the Went Sietch I'll be able to tell for sure." Azri stayed standing near the door, peering out the window.

"Went has the testing facilities for that?" said Avi, sitting down. "I thought they were underwater."

"That doesn't mean they can't have genetic testing facilities," sniffed Azri. "Underwater doesn't mean it has to be low-tech." Cyan regretted picking the seat that faced the toilet in Avi's weird bathroom/front room and tried not to look at it or sip his tea. He immediately caught himself picking up his tea for another drink and put it down.

"How did you get it there?" Avi asked. "Is there an Amphibious service?"

"We have delivery services too," said Azri distractedly. "Two-thirds of the people on this world are Amphibious, you know. It's not like we don't have the infrastructure." She stepped primly toward the door, subtly hopping up and down on her heels. "Avaris, would you make sure that both you and Cyan empty your bladders soon? I need to go."

"Did you ask her?" said Avaris quietly as Azri traversed the boardwalks to Mayra's workshop outside.

"I tried but I didn't get a chance. She kicked a tree in half," said Cyan. Avaris looked closely at him. "What about the pot?"

"The Fast Fliers can't ship that stuff," sighed Avaris. "That's why I wanted to ask Azri."

"Do they not sell that stuff in town though?" Cyan unselfconsciously dropped his hand into his lap and adjusted himself. "Pia has to get her supplies somewhere." Avaris watched him stop himself from taking another drink of his tea; she was glad he liked it. Watching Cyan struggle to hold it made Avaris's heart race.

"Should we take this um..." Avaris pointed toward the wide shower bay. "Are you ready?"

Cyan twisted in his seat and moaned, "I couldn't ask Azri, remember?"

"How would it be different if you did?" asked Avaris. She realized that she needed to pee too. "She'd probably just watch."

"Touche," breathed Cyan, getting up and pulling his chair to the shower bay.

Pia lowered the airship into the grassy field that served as Shell Bay's airship parking area. The Tinkering Scallop was right next to where she set down.

The shop looked slightly cleaner than usual after the days of rain, and a deconstructed hover manifold sat on a table in the far corner. Lady's toolkit sat open next to it. Lady herself was at the front counter.

"Miss Pia! What brings you here? More fuses for your silverling model?"

Pia wiped her feet on the mat inside the door before approaching the desk. "You got a call for Miss Mayra earlier this week?"

"Why do you want to know?" asked Lady. "Do you know the Nucifera girl too?"

"It was about her?" said Pia, taken aback.

"I'll tell you everything if you do something for me," Lady's strange black eyes glittered. "Do you have anywhere to be today?" Pia looked up at the clock: it was just past noon.

Saoirse stood at the top of the stairs down the plateau at half past two in the afternoon, panting. It had been an unproductive day, but she wasn't too concerned about it. She leaned on her knees and paused to catch her breath for about a minute. When she straightened up, the dockyard was empty. Saoirse didn't know why she'd looked up until she heard a rushing noise from above. Two winged figures were approaching.

###

The pic is Pia when she was younger, May with light hair and coveralls with the wrong name on them, Della (Azri's oldest, adopted) and Arthur from a family pic - you can see the top of Chrysanthemum's head.

&&

*045*2023-08-21 22:05

Part 32

The two winged figures swooped lower over the walkway. Saoirse recognized the brown and white striped wings of one, but not the gray and black gull-like wings on the other. The figure with the gull wings landed abruptly and heavily on the walkway, while the one with the striped wings came to a gentler stop much closer to Saoirse. He wasn't in uniform but wore a gray long-distance flying suit. He unzipped his flying cowl and revealed his face.

"Hi, Tulip," said Saoirse, pleased at how quickly she remembered the name. "What are you doing out here in plain clothes?" Tulip opened his mouth to speak, but his companion shambled over. He wore a similar flying suit to Tulip's.

The man blustered at her from inside the flight cowl; it muffled and distorted what he said, but he sounded angry. Over-the-top displays of anger were a very culturally Andyne way of expressing distress, Saoirse reflected. She could just make out the words "Miss Eneko" from the muffled tirade.

"This is Yarrow," said Tulip. Yarrow hopped off the walkway tugging at his flight suit and landed heavily on the ground. "Just a sec," Tulip groaned and hopped down, landing lightly next to Yarrow. With both of their wings in the way, Saoirse could smell what was going on: Yarrow was wetting his flight suit. Saoirse could also smell that he was very out of shape, dehydrated, and had been holding it for some time. He backed away when Tulip approached him.

"Yarrow, let me help you," said Tulip. "Please, that's my good spare suit." Yarrow let Tulip open a flap in the suit over the crotch. He stepped back so Yarrow could fumble with his clothing underneath.

Yarrow said something to Tulip that was muffled by his helmet, sagging with relief when he'd negotiated his clothes and was safely pissing out of the suit.

"That's why I told you to wear the flight gloves," said Tulip. "Will you need any help closing it up?"

Yarrow said something in reply, held up a hand and wiggled his fingers.

"If you need help, just holler," said Tulip, using his wings to hop back up to the walkway.

"He's supposed to find some kid named Nucifera," Tulip said to Saoirse.

"Where's he from?" Saoirse asked quietly. Below the walkway, Yarrow had drawn his wings around himself and appeared to be sobbing. She reminded herself that Yarrow was probably from WS, and felt a surge of antipathy for him.

Tulip sighed, "Yarrow is a family legal agent from the Andyne Homeworld."

Surprisingly, it had been Mayra who'd informed Saoirse of what was going on several days before. Avaris's great-grandfather had died a little under a month ago. He'd been the patriarch of the powerful, sprawling Nucifera family on the Andyne homeworld. He'd lived a long life, even for an andyne, and Mayra had estimated his age at a hundred and seventy years. When Saoirse had asked why there was no listed birthdate, Mayra had scoffed, "When they get to one hundred the elders like adding ten years to their age when they think nobody's looking. A birthdate would make that inconvenient."

"He just wants to find the great-granddaughter and give her some paperwork," Tulip explained.

Saoirse glared in Yarrow's general direction. "I'll speak to her, but the dockyard is closed for the weekend. You'll need to come back on Monday."

Yarrow said a bunch of muffled syllables up at them. The helmet damped and distorted the sound so that Saoirse could only pick out about every third word. The clearest word had been "death," which didn't do Yarrow any favors.

"He says it's mostly just standard family death stuff," Tulip translated. "And we didn't bring all of the paperwork. Neither of us thought she'd still be here."

Yarrow interjected with something that sounded like "you have the fenvelope." He fumbled with his clothes and almost attempted to hop up to the walkway like Tulip had, but thought better of it and went around to the stairs.

"If you say so," said Tulip unzipping a chest panel on his suit. From an inner pocket, he brought out an envelope marked "CONFIDENTIAL," which he handed to Saoirse.

Tulip and Yarrow left on foot, Tulip lecturing Yarrow on the importance of wearing gloves on long flights while they descended the dizzying stairs down the side of the plateau. It would take them close to the downtown area of Segoe, where they would find some lodgings and a change of clothes for Yarrow.

Saoirse sniffed the envelope on her way to Avaris's airship: The ink was fresh, and the paper smelled faintly of sweat and soap from being in Tulip's pocket. She noticed Avaris's scent on the walkway alongside Cyan's when she reached Pia's airship. Their trail, which was so fresh that she'd probably just missed them, circled behind the ship. Saoirse followed it, eager to be rid of the envelope. After that, she needed to find and tell Mayra and Azri about the two andyne visitors.

"Do they usually grow that fast?" asked Avaris's voice.

"You know, I feel like I should know this," Cyan replied. Saoirse hurried down the stairs to the ground. "Maybe the rain makes it grow faster?"

Turning the corner Saoirse was so close she could smell the shrug Avaris gave. Avaris and Cyan stood around about halfway along the airship, by a tomato plant that grew underneath the hover platform, about half the size of Pia's tomato plants. Cyan wore his sweater and a cap over his shorts, and Avaris wore a short, retina-stingingly bright blue-green dress patterned with cacti. Saoirse could smell right away that Cyan had a full bladder, and for some reason, it took her an extra second to realize that Avaris's was too.

Saoirse walked over and stopped so that the three of them formed a semicircle around the tomato plant. "I think I know where this is going. Mind if I go too?"

"Sure." Avaris's nerves got the better of her and she squatted, gathering up her skirt. She wore an odd sort of padded flower-patterned undershorts underneath, which she pulled out of the way just in time to avoid a powerful spray. It flattened some of the leaves on the plant.

"Avi-"

"I know, sorry," said Avaris, aiming the spray at the ground. Saoirse slipped the letter into the pocket of her cargo shorts, and she and Cyan started at the same time, aiming for the plant.

"Your pee is blue?" said Saoirse.

Cyan snorted, "I'm surprised you didn't know, but it's nice to know that Azri isn't just telling everyone everything."

Saoirse remembered small, clear medical sample jars in Pia's refrigerator, filled with blue liquid with dates written on their sides in Azri's handwriting. Saoirse had assumed it was some form of medical cleaning solution and had been setting pitchers of tea next to them to chill for the past several days. The jars were sealed and she couldn't smell urine on the outside, so Saoirse wasn't exactly grossed out, but she made a mental note to set the pitcher on the opposite side of the fridge the next time she made cold tea.

The three of them stood and squatted in silence, watering the tomato plant for a long, awkward moment.

"Your uh...last name is Nucifera, right?" Saoirse asked Avaris.

Just finishing, Avaris looked up. "Yeah. Why do you ask?"

"Two Andynes flew up here asking for you," said Saoirse. "They gave me an envelope to give you, and I told them to come back on Monday. It's in my pocket. Did you want it now or should we wait?"

Avaris stood up, adjusting the odd undershorts beneath her skirt, and Saoirse finished and zipped up. Between them, Cyan was the only one still peeing.

"Let's wash our hands inside first," said Avaris. They waited for Cyan to finish before going back inside.

###

I found that pic from my hard drive of Tabbitha from 2009 and decided to post a chapter to celebrate. With the pic. This is a really old watercolor, and not even the oldest pic of Tabbitha. Did I just write all of this to use Tabbitha again? She *does* have suspiciously green hair like half of my freaking characters. If I find the oldest pic I'll post it with a chapter.

&&

*047*2023-08-22 19:03

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

I'm not usually I fan of water paintings, but I think this one looks pretty nice

}}

Thanks. 🙂 I still use techniques I learned from watercolors.

*048*2023-08-24 20:24

Chib Part 33:

Azri pulled May by the hand out to the orchard. A knot of excitement tightened in her stomach.

"You know we could just go back home," said May. She wore her grubby painting overalls and had her hair up in two buns under a paint-spattered scarf.

Azri pushed down her shorts and squatted on the ground between the trees. She let out a brief stream that lasted about five seconds.

"Sorry. Both of my patients were holding it for some reason," said Azri, letting herself drip.

"You never got like this when you were first treating Pia," said May. "Are you alright?"

"I did a little, but we didn't know each other as well back then and I was pretty good at hiding it. This time it's...amplified somehow," Azri replied. "It's almost as strong as it would be underwater when they're both around. I want to test it more, see if it's my nervous system or theirs."

"It sounds like it could be theirs," said May while Azri stood up. "The blue kid was in hydrostasis for what...a decade?"

Azri shook her head. "That's just how far I've been able to track his unit. The specific model was in production about thirty years ago, so we at least have an upper estimate of what it could be."

"This is a lot of exposition, Az." May took her hand and they strolled along the orchard, overlooking the long slope down to the stretch of plains below. The ocean sparkled faintly, far in the hazy distance. "What did you want to tell me?"

Azri stopped and glanced around. "Now's as good of a time as any, I suppose," she said, turning and taking both of May's hands. "I have good news and bad news. Which did you want to hear first?"

"The bad news," said May without hesitation.

"There *is* somebody looking for you. They've been pretty consistent about it, but one thing Saoirse and I know for sure is that it's not anyone from the WS." Azri watched May's face. "From what we've been able to find, it seems to be a family member."

May frowned. "Did they know-"

"No, they were mostly going by your description," said Azri. "Your wings are quite distinctive."

"Alright," May sighed, shuffling her wings somewhat self-consciously. Her feathers needed some preening, which she was planning to do later that evening. "Now what's the good news?"

Azri clasped May's hands tighter and felt her heart skip a beat. "You're dead."

"I'll be up here next week," said Pia, exiting the Tinkering Scallop's backroom with Lady. "I'm here often enough that I can stop by and help out until you can get into a routine."

"What can I give you in return?" asked Lady. "Would store credit be alright?" She was unique even to other off-world grisderms, having mastered the use of the pronoun "I" while most other grisderms referred to themselves exclusively in the third person. However, she still had the oddly formal, rote cadence of the Grisderm Homeworld. Sometimes she sounded like she was unsuccessfully reciting limericks.

"Honestly? I just like helping keep the plants alive," said Pia. "But I'll take a free coffee."

"Take two," said Lady. "And another for the Nucifera girl, with my compliments."

Lady sent Pia off with three cans of coffee and a chilled bottle of water. The wind off the ocean offset the glaring sunlight as she hurried back to the airship.

With favorable conditions, it would take about two hours to get back along the coastal route, and Pia tried to ration her coffee and water.

Lady hadn't been able to tell her much, only that someone had come calling about May because they'd heard that Avaris was staying at her dockyard.

"The first was that young fellow from the Fast Flyers - Tulip. He's a nice kid, bought a can of coffee from the cooler. The other had gray wings and wore a suit. He was uh...very Andyne."

"Very Andyne?" Pia repeated. May had also said things like this to her before, but she wasn't sure what it meant.

"Hmm...you know those guys on the radio in the busy season that always sound angry about something, but if you ask they'll angrily tell you they're not angry?" said Lady. "Like that."

"Ah," said Pia, examining the soil of one of the larger houseplants.

"I think his name was like...Arrowroot...or maybe Daffodil?" Lady's gray face scrunched slightly in concentration. "He looked like a 'Daffodil.' And he had a stupid haircut. It didn't suit his face at all."

Pia resolved to talk to Avaris. May wasn't keeping her away anymore, but every time she saw Avaris, there had always been some reason not to go over and talk to her. It definitely looked like Pia was avoiding Avaris from some angles. Pia mulled it over until it became difficult to think: the air conditioning unit on the runabout wasn't great, and she'd cheated a bit on the beverage rationing. Before she knew it half the water bottle was gone, and she'd almost finished her first can of coffee. About half an hour away from the dockyard, she decided she'd had enough and set down on the Crossway River over a sandy island. She set the ship to hover and hurried to the back of the ship, already raising her skirt.

Pia thought she was a little close to the water, but there was no going back now. Pia grabbed the railing at her favorite spot, let her butt swing down, and relaxed. She'd considered using the bucket instead on the way out and was glad she didn't. The breeze off the river was cooling in the relentless afternoon heat, and the view was nice.

"Is this why you are called Pia, instead of Cassie?" asked a rough feminine voice. Pia heard splashing nearby, and Tabbitha slithered up onto the beach, stopping uncomfortably close - at least for Pia - to the raised sandy bank that Pia was peeing on. She wished she hadn't drunk all that coffee.

"I just like 'Pia' better than 'Cassie,'" said Pia.

Tabbitha nodded. "A good reason. Why are you here?"

"I'm just...uh...stopping to relieve myself," Pia floundered. "Is it alright? I can't stop."

Tabbitha looked Pia pointedly in the eye. After a few seconds, she seemed confused and took a breath to speak. "I don't mind. Why did you drink the coffee?"

"The what?" Pia squeaked. She tried to clench up to stop peeing but lost her nerve when Tabbitha gave her another pointed look.

"In your other voice...like when you called me a giant woman and admired my breasts," said Tabbitha matter-of-factly. Pia's face turned all red and she hid it behind her knees. She'd admired Tabbitha's breasts more than once and remembered having the thought, "I'm buying buns for a giant woman," as she was walking over to the bun shop.

"Pia?" said Tabbitha. Pia was finally finishing up, and the flow fell further away from where Tabbitha sat. "Did I offend?"

"No," Pia gulped. "No, it's fine. I just didn't know you could hear that. I'm sorry."

"It's uncommon if that helps," said Tabbitha. "And it's flattering that you think I am large and have nice breasts."

If this was an anime, this would be the part where Pia got a nosebleed and fainted. Since it wasn't anime, she stayed mortifyingly conscious and pulled her skirt up to hide her face more.

"You live in Segoe, right?" said Tabbitha.

"Yeah," Pia said, peeking over her skirt. "Why?"

When Pia returned to the dockyard, she hooked up the charging port for the evening. The dockyard was shady and quiet, and she saw no one on her way home. She drank the rest of her can of coffee and tossed it into the recycle bin in the nearest supply shed. Pia was tempted to open the second can but didn't. She was saving it for Saoirse.

###

I found the oldest pic of Tabbitha (from March 2007). I was still in high school then. I also found a bunch of my early college essays, including the group project files that taught me to start naming both school assignments and the smut I wrote. I used to leave it as "document" and during that group project, might have mistakenly emailed one of my early unfinished omo short stories to the person in charge of my group project instead of the essay portion of our project.

I caught it two days later and sent in the actual essay, telling my classmate to disregard that last file in my previous email. Since it was a weekend there's a possibility that they never opened it, and also still the possibility that I did just send the unnamed essay document. My school inbox was erased when the school has switched to an entirely different system the next year, so the only way to know for sure now is to track down my former classmate and ask them, and even then they might lie because they're embarrassed or just genuinely not remember.

&&

