Tanya and Ella

Author: Aquarius_Air

*000*2018-03-12 22:00

Tanya and Ella were roommates and best friends. It wasn't unusual for them to travel together. One week in June they decided to go to a spa for the weekend and stay in the hotels there, arriving on Thursday and leaving Monday morning.

Thursday afternoon they left their apartment and set off. Tanya and Ella had been given 90% off gift cards to a full weekend spa trip at Paradise Springs Spa and Treatment Center. It was a bit of a long drive, but it would be worth it.

By the time the girls were half way there, Tanya, who was driving, started to feel the need to pee. It wasn't very bad, so she didn't mention it. Ella, on the other hand, had a small bladder and already had to pee pretty badly.

Ella had wanted to take a nap on the way, so she was in the back seat with a blanket. This was fortunate, because then Tanya wouldn't see her holding herself and squirming. Ella put a hand between her legs. Her bladder was very full. She pushed her fist into her crotch to try and hold on. There was only one more hour until they reached the spa.

Meanwhile, Tanya was starting to struggle in the front. She had already had a cup of coffee and a big bottle of water. She drove on, trying not to lose focus on her driving.

About thirty minutes from their destination, they hit some heavy traffic. Cars were not moving at all, due to a crash way up ahead.

"Damn it! I have to pee so badly!" Tanya exclaimed. She squeezed her legs together, biting her lip in despair.

"Me too. I can't hold it much longer." Ella said, bouncing in her seat.

"Wanna make a contest out of it? Whoever pees their pants first loses. No toilets, and it continues at the spa since we won't have any treatments until tomorrow." Tanya suggested.

"Fine. Oh god, I have to pee...." Ella crossed her legs.

"Come sit up front Ella." Tanya said, and Ella scooted up into the front seat.

"I have to pee so bad. You're going to win, I know it. So how about this. The winner has to pee their pants too." Ella said.

"Okay, okay. Fine. We both pee our pants." Tanya said.

"I wish the cars would move already. I don't want to pee until we get to our room so nobody will see me."

"I know what you mean Ella. I hope I can make it."

After about fifteen minutes of desperate waiting, cars started to move again.

Ella's bladder was throbbing. Her legs were crossed and her hands were shoved between her legs.

"I wish an could do that, but I'm driving." Tanya sighed.

"Hey look! Its the spa!" Ella cried. And sure enough, there it was. Tanya parked the car and the girls got their luggage. Struggling to walk, they made their way to the front desk and asked for their room key.

"Um... If you don't mind me asking... Do you girls need to pee?" the receptionist asked. Her name tag said Rosie.

"Yes, so please hurry." Ella squirmed.

"I have to know... Is it by choice and are you... Enjoying it?" Rosie asked. Tanya and Ella looked at each other, neither wanting to admit that they liked the feeling of their full bladders. Tanya was the first to speak.

"Don't judge me Ella, but I am enjoying it."

"I... I guess I am too. But I can't wait much longer. Please Rosie, can we have our room key?" Ella asked.

"Yes, hold on... Your room has been switched. You get room number 37 in the west wing. Take a left at the elevator and go up the next elevator you see." Rosie smiled.

"Thanks, let's go Ella." Tanya said.

The girls hurried to the elevator, and then hurried to their room. They slipped in the card that was their room key and opened the door.

"Thank god, we're finally here. I am so close to wetting myself. Aah!" Ella cried out. A small wet spot appeared on her pants

"Ella... We have a slight problem." Tanya said, crossing her legs with her hands jammed between them.

"What is it?" Ella asked.

"There is no toilet in our bathroom."

*001*2018-03-13 01:37

Should I continue this? Or drop it and start something new?

*003*2018-03-13 02:06

{{2 minutes ago, Wetloverguy said:

I like it

}}

Thank you! I'm also working on a little short story right now. I think its going to be pretty good.

*005*2018-03-13 02:36

{{3 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Omg continue it please

}}

I'll definitely be working on the next part this week!

