AuthorFaust's Commissions Thread. - Page 3

Author: AuthorFaust

*057*2019-05-11 15:48

{{On 4/13/2019 at 4:29 PM, Dendennis23 said:

I have an idea for a comission, how can I contact you?

}}

You'd message Faust on this! Or, list it...

Though, Faust is very unreliable at times.

Speaking of, a commission that Faust had been working on for @EtchyFox

=====

"Fwahhhh...It's hot today. Need to grab somethin' to drink..."

A raised hand wiped some beading sweat off the forehead of a coffee-colored girl, suffering from the recent swell in temperature. Though she wore a bright orange shirt, and some loose, comfortable purple shorts that hugged her hips nicely....

Her long, dark brown hair easily captured more of the sun's rays than she would have liked.... And no doubt heavily contributed to her discomfort. She lightly pulled on the collar of her shirt to try to fan herself.... Turning a bit as someone's voice called out.

"C'mon Raki, let's get out of this heat!" another girl's voice called. As the girl gave a quick nod.

"Yes please...."

The lightest ringing of a bell could be heard as the girl moved... The tiny, golden material attached to a purple choker around her neck. Something the girl had obtained recently, and had taken to showing off to her friends....

Raki Tsune was a respectfully mundane girl... Her body not be overly curvy, nor deceptively flat... She wasn't out of shape, but she wasn't built either.. She wasn't short, nor exceptionally tall... No, Raki was just a pleasant, positive girl, who enjoyed long walks, working on her computer, and some sugary sweets here and there. The good things in life, so to speak. And speaking of good things..

"Phew... Christ, it's hot today." the voice of her friend called, a teal haired girl with dark roots groaned, taking a seat inside of the much cooler cafe, as Raki followed suit.

"Seriously.....And Literature today was just...monotonous.."

"Not helped by the fact the Professor is obsessed with his own, droning voice! The guy couldn't show emotion if it hit him in the face, stole his wallet, and called social services on his sorry ass for being negligent to the kids I seriously-doubt-he-has!"

"Ahahaha... Well.. I'm sure he tries.." Raki replied to her animated friend, someone coming to their table after the little outburst, and pulling out a notepad.

"Can I get you two something to drink?" the person called, the teal haired girl snapping her head over quickly.

"A bottle of Jack." she quipped, the server starting to pen it to paper, as she held up a hand. "I'm joking! Just gimme.."

"The usual." the server called, turning to Raki. "And you?"

"Hmm....." she pondered audibly, as she glanced down at a menu. "I'll have...The Horchata."

"Right.. ..." the server called, glancing the pad. "The Horch...The hora...The...The rice drink that's cold. Good choice."

The server quietly paced away at this, Raki's teal haired friend lightly resting on her hand.

"Ugh, it's the same stuff, day in and out around here." she grumbled, glancing away from the table. "Kinda makes ya wish something would happen, yeah?"

"W..well, something new would be nice.." Raki agreed lightly, a hand involuntarily going to the collar on her neck. "Just... so long as it's nothing horrible, of course.."

"Meh, Bring it on!" the girl snapped, lightly whapping the table with her hand. "I can take it."

Before Raki could make any remarks to the dangers of tempting fate, the server had returned with two glasses, setting them down in front of each girl.

"The Special for you.." the server remarked, giving the teal haired girl her drink. "And the uh... Horchait...The... Yeah."

Raki gave a patient smile as the server put down her drink, and she quickly took a gulp.

It was... sweet, cool, and refreshing. People tended to compare the drink to a kind of milk, or pudding..... But, Raki felt she could have drank anything cool, and it would have tasted good in this heat. A loud, relieved sigh could be heard from the girl as she set down her cup... Refreshed, and renewed.

"And speaking of dull-ass teachers..." Her friend started after her own drink, as Raki kept up her gentle smile, and nodded... Time passing as her friend ranted about everything that bothered her with their current, casual life.....

Ignorant of Raki's own discovery, a few nights prior.....

An hour or so had passed since they'd sat down, conversational rants peppered with refills by the server of their chosen beverage, before the two would eventually rise from their seats... A familiar, but gentle urge making itself known with a single motion of Raki's ascent...

Pang.....

"Mm.." Raki sounded with her lips pressed together, the refills of her beverages starting to come back to haunt her a bit.

"Anyways, I'm gonna go piss, and we can go." her friend sounded, already pacing over to the cafe's bathrooms.... Prompting Raki to pause.

"I..." she started, before seeing someone move over to the door, and put up a big white sign.

"Oh Bullshit." her friend snapped, Raki inching a bit closer to see the sign put over the girl's bathrooms... One that she had seen more than a few times before...

[Out Of Order]

"Not my call. Boss's orders." the same Server called, as Raki's friend glowered up at him... Before pacing back over to Raki grumpily, muttering under her breath.

"C'mon, let's go already, Raki." she stated quietly, Raki starting to follow the girl with a bit of...tension in her step.

This wasn't the first time Raki had seen the bathrooms closed off for a girl, just before she could get to them.... (And likely, wouldn't be the last)... But, there was a little secret of Raki's that she dared not bring up to anyone... Not even to her friend.

'M..Mmm... We'll be fine..' the girl thought to herself, squeezing her legs together as she walked... Trying not to watch her friend as they made their way down the streets of their town, her friend grumbling and groaning every so many blocks.... Saying a lot of unkind things about customer service, the people in positions of powers, and the state of public bathrooms to assure herself and Raki that it was probably for the best anyways.....

Even as the pressure in Raki's lower belly started to slowly mount.... As the glasses of horchata started to be processed by her body, even with the heat of the day doing it's part in ekeing out more liquids from her body.....

"Nnnnghh... It's too damn hot..!" her friend suddenly snapped at this, turning to kick at a wall. "There a vending machine or somethin' nearby? I need to drink something, or I'm gonna die of thirst."

"Ah... Well, there's one right next to the Save-mart over there.." Raki pointed quietly, feeling an uncomfortable thirst returning... but also, a wave of pressure slowly rising beneath her shorts... Squeezing her thighs a bit closer together as her friend marched.

"Perfect! I'll get you somethin' too." the girl snapped before Raki could say anything, darting over to the machine as she fumbled for some change and bills.... Raki noticing the girl's shifting from leg to leg.... The light twisting of her hips....

Was she...always that animated when it came to getting money out of her pockets? Or....

Pang..pang..

A sharp spike in pressure prompted Raki to cross her legs a bit.. A sudden swell of need directing her attention away from her friend......Making her focus on her own body once more....

It was.. still manageable, but it wasn't exactly ideal... She would definitely need to find someplace to go soon, or quietly excuse herself from her friend to do as such....

"Here. Gotcha a Sprite." her friend called, popping the tab on her own beverage, as Raki took the cold can... Flinching visibly, as her friend started to chug the contents of her can.

Raki could feel the cold against her hands.... And the warmth of the rest of her body in stark contrast... Biting her lip quietly as she squeezed her legs together tighter.... Trying to keep her dignity about her, as her own urges steadily kept increasing... Watching as her friend crushed the can against the ground, and tossed it into a bin.

"Haaaah... MUCH better." the girl stated, looking to Raki. "Hey, you gonna drink that?"

"S..sure.." Raki stated with her usual, soft smile.. Popping the tab, as she brought it to her lips....

The taste was refreshing, but the additional liquid made her body reflexively tense in perceived agony. her friend gesturing over her shoulder.

"Well, c'mon then! Let's get going!"

Raki gave a silent nod, following along... Yet, she couldn't quite keep still as she walked... Slowly nursing the beverage....

The refreshment was welcome... but, it kept the thought of her own urges at the front of her mind...Constantly adding more and more liquid to her already filling tank...... Slowly, but steadily increasing her urgency....

Everywhere the two would end up going though, the bathrooms were either occupied, being deep-cleaned, or otherwise unable to perform their basic duty....

After the third attempt was busted by a literal busted water line, Raki's friend was furious.

"Do they just want me to piss on their floor?" the girl snapped, her legs knocking as she stood indignantly in front of the closed door. "Cause I'll fuckin' do it! I'll bring about a whole goddamn flood on this carpet!"

"N..Now now.. Let's... Not do that.." the much more composed girl stated with a quiver, her own legs trembling, and her body shaking with need.. Trying to dissuade her friend's questionable thought process.

"Nnnnn..Well, I gotta piss like yesterday." the girl snapped, turning around hurriedly. "And I swear to God, I Will piss in the next bathroom we find! Boy's, Girl's, Animals! Broken, Busted, Dirty, or clean! I'm not putting up with this any longer!"

Raki sometimes wished she had half the amount of fire her friend had when it came to defying authority for things like this. It was a bit... troublesome at times, having to pull her out of some truly reckless attempts.... But, she was still fond of her friend greatly....

And, was trying her darndest not to stare at the girl's shaking, quivering bottom as she swayed side to side... Glancing around hurriedly for any toilets in range.

By this point, several hours had passed... And, the bright sunlight was slowly fading... Giving way to the late afternoon....As her friend finally stopped in place, near an alleyway.

"Nnnngh...! A..Alright, Fuck it.! I've gotta go NOW." her friend snapped, loudly. "Raki, be my eyes and ears.... I'm gonna explode if I take it one step forward.."

"Ah, but...!" the girl protested, her own legs twisted in knots.... But, the teal haired girl staggered into the alleyway regardless...

"I'm already wet, dammit! I'm not going back in pissed-in pants!" the girl sharply snapped... Prompting a very dangerous sensation in Raki's body...

Psh..

A hint of warmth.. A moment's weakness... A short spray of warmth, that dampened her panties. Both hands found themselves gripping the front of her purple shorts tightly.

"A..Ahh." she whimpered, as her friend's voice suddenly laxed.

"Ohhhhnn..Ohhhhh Ffff...Fuck.."

And that tantalizing noise followed...

Psssshhhhh..sssshhhshhhhshhhhhhhssssssshhhhhshh...

Raki felt her whole body quiver at the sound of her friend's piddle spraying... Splashing.. Squirting all over the ground, and making a lake of desperation, peppered by telling moans and groans every few seconds....

"Ohhhh.. Ohhhh it's good... It's soooooooo good.." her friend's voice moaned out... Prompting another spray of wetness over Raki's fingertips.... As she clenched herself tighter, and squeezed her legs...

"P.please hurry..." she whimpered quietly, feeling herself losing the battle of inches... As the gushing of her friend brought about the absolute torture of needs clashing.....Forcing her to squeeze her eyes shut, and try to block out all of the noise......

A few minutes that felt like an eternity passing, before she felt a hand on her shoulder.

"Alright, you're up!" her friend called, giving her a gentle push. Raki staggered into the alleyway, eyes glancing over the massive puddle her friend left, as she leaned against the wall of a building...

"Ohhh.. Ohh,...I..if anyone's coming.." she started to her friend, feeling another SPRAY of warmth that commanded her attention, a wide patch of wetness springing to life on her shorts, cutting her off more prominently than her friend ever could. Fingers grasped the side of the shorts, and the blue material underneath that couldn't contain her spills.... Pulling them to her knees as she stumbled a bit...

"Haaah...!" she started, her bare faucet now exposed to the world, as it started to turn full blast.....

PSSSSSSSSSSH..PSSSSSSSHHHHHH

Guuuuuuuushing all over the ground, and sending a massive wave of relief through the girl's body.... Prompting her to breath a sigh of relief, and enjoyment...

"O..Ohhhhnn... Ohhhhhh.. Ohhhh, so good..!" she moaned under her breath, feeling herself on cloud nine...

"Shit! Someone's coming!"

For at least a few moments...

Raki flinched at the voice, watching as her friend suddenly darted the other way.

"RUN!" Raki could hear as the girl trailed away.... Wondering who it was that could prompt such a vicious reaction...

"Hey, hey! What are you doing in that alley?"

Raki flinched.. It was the Decency Committee! A group of people at the college that were going around, getting students in trouble for any.. illicit activities that they may be performing. Such as tagging, underage drinking, sexual conduct....And Public urination.

"Shit.. Gotta stop...Gotta stop..!" she told herself, trying to clench off her flow, mid-stream... And faltering time after time. She had been going, full force for a few precious seconds.... But, getting it to stop..to slow...to even break stride was proving a herculean task......

Even as the steps became closer... and the girl felt her heart hammering in her chest. She was moments away from being discovered... Her own girlhood on full display, shamefully pissing on the ground, because she couldn't hold it long enough to get to a toilet....

She'd be in trouble. She'd be in a lot of trouble.... Unless....

"No other option.. I gotta.." she said to herself quietly, gripping the bell, and ringing it...

Once...

Twice...

Three times.... As she felt her body quiver.... Tense up.. and glow with a surge of energy, the choker shrinking to a small collar, her dark brown hair shifting to an orange tint....

Extra ears popping up atop her head, like a fox's... And a long tail popping out atop her shorts... Fluffy, and orange as her hair....

This was what she had discovered recently... A mysterious choker, that when rang in times of need...

"If I find out anyone's breaking the laws, you'll be punished by our principal accordingly.." the girl could hear clearly now, gauging their distance at a few meters at best. They'd be there in Seven paces... Maybe six....

Which, given the transformation, was plenty of time for the girl to clench off her flow.... And leap up... Leaving naught but the beginnings of her puddle, along with her friend's, for the person to find.....

Scampering about on all fours, Raki's legs kicked off the blue material, and purple shorts.... Leaping about the rooftops with nothing covering her own posterior and girlhood... Save for the convenient movements of her fluffy, orange tail.

This was her greatest secret.. Her Fox-Form.

While in it, she gained incredible agility, and leaping ability... Plus, the cute ears for hearing, and the fluffy, multi-purpose tail! She was still figuring out all of the things she could do with it, but as she finally felt the voices of her undesired audience fading away, the girl rested against the top of a building... lightly swaying her tail back and forth, as she stood.. Bare-bottomed, looking over parts of the town.

"Mmmm... Wonder if there's a reason I got these powers.." she mused quietly to herself, feeling the nagging of her own body return with the depletion of adrenaline, a nagging pressure insisting on her previous goal...

"Nnnn~ Well, there'll be time to find that out later..." she mused, leaping from the building, and creeping along behind several parked cars. "I gots to get back to my room to change.... And I still gots to pee.."

Some simple goals, for someone of her status. The warmth of the afternoon was slowly giving way to the night, not helped by the girl's lack of lower covering.. As she leapt from parked car, to parked car....

Careful to not be seen, but all the while grinning a cat-like smile as she passed by groups of people.... Constantly debating showing herself, just a bit to the assorted loner....

Brushing her tail along the legs of some girls, before ducking into cover.....

Using her sensitive hearing to listen in on some of the...various noises people would make, in seemingly private areas.

Raki could easily sneak into a toilet, working or not in her current state... But, it wouldn't satisfy her, doing something so... mundane. However, as she came upon the public park of town, devoid of other people, she had finally decided what she wanted...

"Mmm.. Wonder if.." she thought, moving about the trees for the biggest, oldest tree.. And sniffed it lightly...

There was the faintest of scents, easily undetectable by human noses, that showed this was a place that belonged to an animal she didn't recognize. A dog? A cat? A wolf? Either way....

"This'll be my tree now." she mused, kneeling down, resting her hands against the tree as her tail stretched out.... Exposing her cute, damp faucet once more, as she let out a soft mewl of enjoyment....

"Mmmmrrrrr~~ Aaaaaahhh.." Raki sounded, as the splashing, pittering of her pent-up piddle started to spread all over the base of the tree... Her own personal scent starting to seep into it.....Lightly pale yellow liquid surrounding the trunk as it was absorbed into the grass and dirt.... Making a lightly muddy puddle, as the girl emptied herself completely to mark her territory.

"Mmm.. Mmm~ Much better." she cooed softly, hearing the crunching of branches, as someone was approaching... No doubt signaled by her display. She could sense them...

Ten steps...Nine... EIght... Seven away...

She didn't know if they were the Decency Committee, or if they were someone else entirely... But, after holding so long and emptying, she didn't rightly care. She merely stayed in her squatted position, hands resting on the ground in a crouched stance, as she counted the steps....

Five... four... Three...Two...One!

She leapt in the direction of her would-be spotter, pinching the bottom of the person, and brushing her tail against their nose in a light tease....

She hadn't been caught yet, and she had no intentions of doing as such now!

A quick scamper through the streets, a few more close calls with various strangers, and a brazen sprint across Campus later....

Raki leapt up the side of the dorm building, let herself in through the dorm window, and curled up on her bed.... Wiggling her orange shirt off, and tossing it to the side of the room as her hands reach to her collar....

One..Two... Three more tugs, and she shifted back to her normal form.....

Her hair returning to the dark brown, and her extra ears and tail fading away.

It had been quite a rush... It had been quite exhilarating..

But, after she had her fun in that form, she was always incredibly tired... And had no energy to do anything else afterwards....

Not even.....

"Ahhh.... Shoot, not again.."

Consider the possibility that going through all of that energy would leave little strength to certain other muscles on her body.... And, with no cloth to contain it, her body had given the signal to send that need out to sea....

Without being in the proper Port. Again.

"Stupid...Fox form and it's..." she grumbled quietly, stripping the sheets off of her bed to be washed, as she went to grab her things for a shower. "Lack of....piddle foresight."

