Love can bloom over summer break

Author: Aquamin

*000*2020-03-02 23:24

Annie could hear the rustling of keys outside her apartment door, alongside Madison's annoyed grunts as the door stuck fast on the chain. She hastily turned the screen of her desktop off and ran to the door; Madison's red face was staring through the small gap. "Hey cutie, what's your hurry?" she teased, giving a smug smile. Madison's legs, in jean shorts like usual, were twisted together tightly. "Take a fucking guess, Annie, now open the door" Madison hissed through gritted teeth. "I ain't in a guessing mood babe, you know I hate quiz shows; so tell me." Madison groaned loudly "I really fucking have to piss, the review at college overran by like 30 minutes, and now my bladder is gonna explode." Annie nodded, her interested peaked by her girlfriend's sexy words. "And why didn't you just go to your apartment instead of breaking down my door?" This time it was Madison who smiled "Because I knew you wanted to watch. And your apartment is closer to the lift."

Annie had never been quicker to lift the chain. The door quickly slammed open as Madison threw herself in. "Took you bloody long enough." Madison immediately went into a frantic pee dance, holding herself tight and prancing around from foot to foot. "That is hot as hell but slightly ridiculous looking," remarked Annie. "Yeah" replied Madison, her dance stopping for a moment "well it sure beats exploding as soon as I stepped through your door; never mind you would have wanted me too." Annie shrugged and tilted her head "You know me too well, Madison."

"Are we gonna banter here until I burst, or am I pissing now?" Madison sounded urgent as she waited for an answer. "Keep holding, Madison, I got something to show ya." Annie beckoned her GF to follow her and hoped into the swivel chair at her desk. "Hurry up, Annie, or I won't have any choice on where it comes out."

Annie turned her computer screen back on. Displayed on the monitor was a note. I booked us a special treat over the summer break. "Uh-huh, and what might this "special treat" be?" Asked Madison, her white underwear now slightly damp as she began to leak. Annie wagged a finger "It's a surprise for now." Madison huffed "Fine, can go pee myself now?" Annie swivelled around to get a good view "You can go now."

"Finally" Madison moaned in relief as she let her bladder drain into her shorts. The blue denim became saturated with liquid as Madison let hours worth of held pee out. Streams fell from the leg holes and splattered against the floor, and her trainers were soaked with warmth. Both girls were breathing heavily, hormones racing through their bodies. "You getting horny as well?" panted Madison. "Yeah" was Annie's blunt reply. "Well, let me finish with this first" Madison gestured at the urine pouring out of her shorts. "Not a fucking chance," replied a lust-filled Annie. She tackled her still wetting girlfriend onto the bed to begin a fun-filled evening.

Sorry for it being so short.

*003*2020-04-29 18:38

How should i continue this?

A. Wet sex chapter

B. Morning after chapter

*006*2020-05-05 20:49

A it is then

*007*2020-05-05 22:19

Urine splattered against the floor as Madison was shoved onto the bed by a very aroused Annie. Annie quickly followed Madison, hopping onto her lover and seizing her lips in a fiery kiss. Both of their hearts skipped a beat as they embraced, the feeling of pee still draining from Madison blocked out by the new sensations. Madison quickly came up for air before diving back in, her hands running up and down Annie's back. Annie reciprocated by shoving her hands up Madison's loose shirt, a spike of pleasure occurring as her cold finger ran over Madison's shrinking bladder. "Mmmmmmmmm, ffffuck that feels good Annie" Madison groaned; the last spurt of pee flying out of her. Annie began rubbing her fingers around in circles on Madison's now empty bladder and leaned in close to her ear. "I think my panties are a bit damp, mind double-checking for me Maddie?"

"I think mine are damper, but sure" Madison quipped in response. She grasped Annie and flipped both of them so that she was on top, causing a delightful squeal to ring out from Annie; while she was a dom at heart, she still enjoyed it when Madison occasionally took command. Madison quickly sat back and lifted her shirt off, tossing it aside, followed quickly by her bra. Annie took in the nice view of Madison's athletic physique, made by years of hard work, and especially her perky B cups. Madison dropped back down into a kiss, forcing her tongue into Annie's mouth and running her hand's down Annie's sides to the hem of her skirt. Annie's blush increased tenfold as she felt her skirt front be thrown up by Madison, exposing her elegant black panties. She moaned into the kiss as two of Madison's fingers went to work, rubbing her wet slit through the soaking wet garment. The kiss was suddenly broken for air, both gazing lustfully into the other's eyes as they panted and moaned.

Annie slammed her thighs together, trapping Madison's fingers against her lower lips, also taking the opportunity to kick off her slippers. Madison responded by pulling up Annie's plain white shirt and pushing down forcefully on her bladder. Annie screwed up her face and grunted. "Sssshit, I was trying to keep that a surprise for later"

"I had my relief now you should have your's" was Madison's reply before she increased the pressure. Warmth flooded against Madison's hand as Annie's pussy exploded with pee. The clear liquid pooled in between her thighs before she thrust them apart. Madison's hand began furiously rubbing Annie's lower lips, pee going this way and that. A long string of expletives and moans left Annie as pleasure as she had never felt before coursed through her; her legs thrashing about under Madison as she wailed. Madison smiled at her lover before ramping up her efforts, her hand now covered in a mixture of Annie's juices and pee.

Her fingers caught the sides of Annie's panties, pulling them aside and letting her powerful stream fly out several inches. Madison's ring and middle finger ducked under the stream, and deep into Annie's vagina. Her warm and tight walls contracted around them as Annie suddenly let out a large moan, orgasm washing over her. Madison started moving her fingers back and forth at speed, to which Annie answered by bucking her hips against them. The white-hot pleasure was too much for Annie, who blacked out for several seconds.

She awoke to the sight of Madison's smiling face. "Enjoy yourself, honey?" the happy blonde asked, waggling her soaked fingers teasingly. "Wwwhat dooo you bblodyy weelll think?" panted Annie. "I don't know" responded Madison "I ain't in a guessing mood." She smiled smugly as she threw the words Annie had used when she was dancing around at her door back at her. "Oh fuck off" blurted Annie, having caught her breath. "I'd rather you fuck me, "little Madison" is feeling left out" Madison pointed to her darkened crotch. An evil smile crept onto Annie's face as she sat up and removed her skirt. "Don't worry babe, I'll make sure to pay you back with interest." For the second time that night, Madison was on her back. Crap she thought as Annie's fingers made there way up her legs. Unfortunately, Madison's neighbour did not get much sleep that night, but the kind lady never complained.

I've never written smut that wasn't pure omo, so this is likely complete shite.

