Trying to get home in time

Author: allegro_agitat

*000*2021-12-29 10:37

I saw a cute guy in a bar who had broken the seal and was going to pee every ten mins. As the bar closed I could see him obviously desperate and jiggling his legs. So I wrote a story about what his journey home might have been like.

He gets to the tram stop and already he starts pacing up and down. How can he need to pee again so quickly? But the cold air has hit his bladder. The next tram isn’t for 15 mins so he goes back to the bar he just came from but they have locked their doors. He looks round fit a place to piss but there’s people everywhere. He’s just gonna have to hold it. He gets back to the tram stop and has to pace and keep crossing his legs, trying to be discreet. His bladder is rapidly filling and the situation is becoming an emergency. How can he get on a tram like this? 

As the tram arrives he has to put his hand in his pocket and pinch his dick as he gently bobs up and down on the spot, clenching his thighs together vans by now his cheeks are rosy red. He gets on board and sits down and sits there rocking back and forth, scissoring his legs and starts breathing heavily. He has to change trams but he knows there’s a toilet at that stop. It’s only ten minutes away. As his stop approaches, he knows relief is coming and as he’s sat there bouncing up and down in his seat, he gasps as he feels a short warm spurt of piss shoot into his pants. In a panic he stands up and waits at the door as another spurt comes out. He doesn’t care what he looks like now, almost bent double with both hands wedged into his crossed legs. 

Another longer spurt and a desperate whimper as the doors open. He walks as fast as he can straight to the toilet and presses on the door. But it doesn’t move. It’s locked. There’s nothing he can do. His dick involuntarily springs into action and with an anguished moan a violent torrent of piss explodes into his pants. As it soaks his jeans and flows down his legs, he sinks into a seated squat position as his tired muscles totally relax and he can feel the piss pooling under his ass and hissing out and splattering onto the floor, and filling his trainers. He pisses for two minutes solid and when he’s finished, he’s kneeling in a huge lake of his own piss.

