Thieves Part 2 - As the Snow Flies

Author: Anubis

*000*2018-06-24 19:25

A long time ago, I started a story called Thieves and it was one of those that I failed to complete. After so much time went by, I was convinced that no one was interested in this anymore, but I discovered that this was not true at all.

I want to warn everyone who clicks on this that some of the content from the original story was dark, so if BDSM and humiliation is not for you, then please move on because I do not want you to read something that will be upsetting for you. There is also a tag for male content, since the first part of this tale had some in the last few chapters that were posted.

Here is a link to the story if you have not read it before or if you would like to refresh your memory.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/16019-thieves/?do=embed"

With all of that being said, thank you @Foxlover for helping me out with brainstorming and coming up with ideas for this. Your interest in this also helped a lot as well. I also want to thank you @JTeam_, for your enthusiastic encouragement. It showed me that there was still interest in this. My goal is to update this every Sunday, but if I can't make that deadline, then I'll let everybody know.

Now, without further ado, let's see what it takes for Natalie and Shelly to get out of this seemingly hopeless situation.

###

Thieves 2

As the Snow Flies

Prologue

With the curtain pulled shut and the hot water flowing down on her, Natalie was happy to be alone with Shelly again. She put her arms around her dear friend, who then did the same for her. They both needed to wash up, after having covered each other with their bodily fluids, during the wild sexual encounter they had just shared. For now, they only wanted to hold each other.

Natalie felt safe, with Shelly’s naked body pressed up against hers beneath the flow of the steamy shower. After everything they had endured since Jake led them into the spider’s web, it was a pleasant feeling.

“I can’t believe it,” Natalie whispered into Shelly’s ear. “I can’t believe that I didn’t get punished.”

Shelly kissed Natalie’s neck and gently rubbed her back. “I know. I can’t believe that any of this happened.”

From outside of the bathroom, Natalie could still hear the occasional crack of a whip, while the sick bastard that handed them over continued to receive his due punishment. The shower was loud enough to block out most of it, but what little she could hear, still provided her with the satisfaction that he was getting what he deserved.

Shelly reached for the shelf hanging from the showerhead and grabbed a washcloth. She held it under the flowing water and reached for a bar of soap. “I’m glad I didn’t have to go through this without you, Nat… But at the same time, I wish you weren’t here. I wanted to rob that place, but you would not have come if you had known what we were doing, so I am sorry.”

Natalie allowed herself to relax a little while her friend washed her back. “It’s okay. I still might have come with you anyway, just to be with you, and all of this still could have happened. I know I said earlier that I wouldn’t have, but…”

Deciding not to focus on how things could have been different, she sighed quietly while her friend continued to clean her up. “I’m glad that Jake is getting whipped instead of me, but why? None of this makes any sense…”

The two released one another from their embrace, so Shelly could kneel down to wash Natalie’s legs. “Natalie, when I was still alone with Miss Annette and Jake, they told me that he broke in five years ago and stole a lot of shit. He said he owed her a lot of money.”

“He did?” Natalie asked, surprised. “I heard him say something earlier about giving them cash, but why us? Why did they want us?”

Shelly looked up at her while she worked. “He said that if he brought her and Miss Aalia slaves, then that would take care of what he couldn’t pay.”

Could that be true? Natalie wondered. Did he hand us over just to pay off a debt?

Despite the explanation, she still had a lot of unanswered questions about all of this. If he paid off his debt, then why would they turn on him and start punishing him like that? This still makes no sense!

Shelly finished up with Natalie’s legs and then proceeded to wash her feet, but didn’t say any more. Once again, the brown haired girl found herself ascending the emotional roller coaster, as her fear began to build again.

“I still don’t get it, Shelly,” Natalie said, shaking her head. “Why would they punish him now, when his debt has been paid? Is this some twisted idea of justice that they have?”

The redhead sighed. “I don’t know, Nat… I doubt they care about justice. They’re sick fucks, is what they are. It seems like they’re trying to twist our minds, so that we’ll like what they’re doing.”

Natalie’s anxiety continued to rise. “But… I don’t… We don’t…”

Shelly stood back up and looked into her eyes. “They’ve been using our own kinks against us since the very beginning. They know what we like and have been manipulating us into doing things we wouldn’t normally consent to. Jake probably told them about all of our secrets and that is how they are able to do it.”

Natalie frowned and considered the possibility that they were developing a case of Stockholm Syndrome. “When Miss Aalia and Alexis peed on me earlier… It was hot… and Miss Aalia’s so gorgeous… but so evil and twisted, that… that…”

Shelly put her arms around Natalie again. “No matter what they do, we will never let them have control over us. We just have to make them think that they are succeeding.”

“I just want to go home!” Natalie cried. “I want to be with you and go to college so I can have a career I can be happy with! I don’t want to be a slave forever…”

Shelly kissed her neck again. “I know. We’ll come up with something. For now, we just have to bide our time, until the time is right. When the chance to escape comes, we will report them. We can’t let them do this to someone else, especially people who are not lucky enough to have their best friend with them.”

Natalie hugged her friend tight. “Until then… they can’t hurt anyone else, as long as they’re focused on us… Right?”

“Yes, that’s right,” Shelly replied. “When we’re gone, they will be screwed.”

Shelly finished washing the rest of Natalie’s body and then they switched positions. It was finally her turn to get clean. For the rest of their shower, the two of them remained silent. When they were done, Shelly turned off the water and pulled open the curtain.

Outside of the bathroom, everything was suddenly quiet. The only thing they could hear was the sound of water dripping down from the showerhead. They both stood there, with their hands folded near their nether regions, and waited for their Mistresses to come back for them. Luckily the bathroom was quite warm, so they did not have to worry about getting cold during their wait.

After a few minutes, the door finally opened and Alexis, Jennifer, and Ms. Aalia stepped inside. The two other slaves retrieved a couple of towels from the cabinet beneath the sink and approached the shower. Natalie was surprised to see that they were no longer topless. They both had a t-shirt on over their torsos, but beneath that, they were still clad in just their panties.

Ms. Aalia put her hands on her hips and smiled, while Alexis and Jennifer wrapped the towels around the newcomers. “Alright, good! Now that you’re both nice and clean, it’s about time for bed. I’m sure you’re both exhausted…”

Both Natalie and Shelly nodded as they stepped out of the shower and dried themselves off. It was a little after midnight when they first arrived at the other house, but now, they had no idea how late it was. They were definitely in need of rest.

###

After his whipping, Jake was taken out to the garage by Ms. Annette, while Ms. Aalia and her two slaves went to help their newest playthings get dried and dressed. He was lying on an old mattress, wearing nothing but his wet boxer shorts. The rest of his clothes were scattered about on the concrete floor and he had red streaks across his back, from the lashing he had received. Never before had he been as freaked out as he was right then.

There was an electric furnace in the garage, to keep him warm while he recovered from his beating. It was cold outside and the wind was starting to pick up, so it was important not to let him freeze out there. Ms. Annette stood over him, with her hands on her hips and a grin on her face, while he lay there, wondering why he was punished.

Jake scowled up at her. “Why did you whip the shit out of me?! I-I gave you the cash and the girls! What more do you want from me?”

Ms. Annette chuckled. “Oops, I think I forgot to tell you one more… minor thing. Getting beaten up is a part of your initiation!”

He blinked twice and his scowl became a look of confusion. “You… forgot? Miss Annette, all you said I had to do was pay a fee and bring you slaves. Why didn’t you tell me that I had to get beaten up to get in?”

His Mistress folded her arms and put one of her feet on the mattress, so that the toe of her black high-heel was directly in front of his manhood. “I was going to explain it to you beforehand, but I thought this would be more fun…”

She chuckled again and winked at him. “After you agreed to help us confuse the girls, by going along with our story about paying off a debt, I decided that we could confuse them further by making an example of you. It keeps them guessing and gets you in, so it worked.”

Jake hugged himself, even though he wasn’t cold. All he felt was fear. “So, what’s going to happen to me now, Mistress? When do I get to have a bladder slave?”

Ms. Annette wagged a finger at him. “Patience, Jacob… Patience… As a new member of the Floodgate Society, there are certain rules that must be followed. You have to be trained as a bladder slave, before you can become a full member. After that, you will be provided with your own property and an allowance of cash, to help you start your new life. Then you can earn success in the world and buy bladder slaves from other members. If the elders like you, then you might even receive one as a gift.”

Jake shook his head, since all of this was difficult to understand. “Will you or Miss Aalia be training me?”

“No, the elders have decided that you will be trained by Master William,” she replied. “He owns a mansion all the way out in Virginia, deep in the mountains. It’s a beautiful property… I do hope you will like it there.”

“M-master?!” he cried. “Can’t a woman train me instead?”

Ms. Annette tipped her head back and let out an evil cackle. “You are in no position to make demands, Neophyte. The elders decide what role you will play, until they are satisfied that you can be trusted. Until then, you do as you are told and obey, otherwise, you will be banished.”

Jake swallowed hard. “Okay, I understand, Miss Annette. I meant no disrespect, but I had to ask.”

“Alright, Jake, get dressed,” Ms. Annette instructed. “The girls should be nearly finished with their shower by now. I need you to be ready so I can take you and Shelly back to my house. You will meet your new master tomorrow.”

With that, she turned away and returned to the house through the side door. With a groan, Jake forced himself up into a sitting position and reached for his pants. “This sucks…”

For the first time since meeting Ms. Annette, he actually regretted joining their society. The part of the story about robbing her house when he was thirteen was true, but the rest of what he told Shelly was completely false. In exchange for not charging him for his crimes, he was permitted to join the secret society after his eighteenth birthday and was told that he would be able to have a bladder slave someday. In the months that went by after he reached adulthood, his excitement about getting in had grown, but now, he only felt fear and shame.

What have I done? He asked himself.

He put on his pants and quickly gathered the rest of his clothes. There was no backing out of the deal now, since banishment was the worst thing that could happen to someone, once they’ve been accepted into the society. He knew there was nothing he could do about this, since he brought this on himself.

*004*2018-06-27 21:35

{{On 6/25/2018 at 3:57 PM, Yellow⚤Rain said:

I remember reading this story a while ago, glad to see it's back.

}}

Thank you for the comment! I'm also glad to be continuing this one as well. The next chapter is off to a very good start, so hopefully you enjoy what comes next.

*005*2018-07-01 00:07

Alright, even though it's not officially Sunday just yet, I've decided to post this now before I head off to work in a couple of hours. I'm a third shift worker, so I'd like to be lazy tomorrow lol. I hope you guys enjoy this chapter. It was fun to work on.

###

Chapter 1

You are so twisted!

After they wrapped themselves up in their towels, Natalie and Shelly followed Ms. Aalia and her other slaves out of the bathroom. They stepped out onto the soft, blood-red carpet and were then led over to the dresser, on the right side of the bed.

Ms. Aalia pulled open the top drawer, revealing what was inside. “Alright girls, pick out something to wear.”

They looked inside and saw that it was filled with a wide variety of very sexy bras and panties. Neither of them knew which ones they wanted to put on, but they had to choose something. They dropped their towels and took their time to look around, before making a decision. Natalie went with a set of pink, lacy panties and a matching bra. Shelly went with similar-looking ones that were light blue.

While the girls were trying on the clothes, Ms. Annette returned and she let out a whistle on the way in. “My… my… You girls simply look beautiful! I love how your newest slave’s underwear, matches now, Aalia.”

Natalie blushed as she remembered the white bra and pink panties she had started out with. She also couldn’t forget about how she had wet herself in them while lying on the floor of the basement, all bound up and unable to move.

The gorgeous, younger mistress smiled back at her partner in crime. “Yes, it is nice. Now, I think we should get them into some warm pajamas, before you take your playthings home.”

While grinning from ear to ear, the older woman nodded. “Excellent idea! Jacob is getting dressed right now, so I would like to take them with me, as soon as possible. I also would like to have Alexis come with us, as well. Shelly has proven herself difficult to handle, so the more help I have, the better.”

Ms. Aalia bowed her head. “I understand, Mistress. She’s all yours.”

Did Miss Aalia just call her, Mistress? Natalie wondered. Do they… have a Dom and sub thing going on?

Natalie’s owner then instructed Jennifer to close the drawer and open up the second one from the top. That one contained a wide variety of t-shirts and pajama bottoms for the girls to wear.

“Alright girls, take your pick,” Ms. Aalia said. “The shirts and pajama bottoms come in all different sizes, so when you find the ones that you like and they fit, then they are yours for the taking.”

The two girls looked through them until they found the ones that they wanted. Natalie went with a pair of pink pajama bottoms that had the faces of puppies on them. She also found a matching t-shirt with the face of a Chihuahua on it. Shelly found some tiger-striped bottoms that she liked and for a top, she went with a black t-shirt that had the image of palm trees at the beach, on the front of it.

Ms. Aalia put her hands on her hips. “So adorable… Alright Natalie, it’s time to get in your cage.”

She turned around and pointed at one of the large cages in the corner, to the right of the dresser. “This one will be yours.”

Natalie nervously looked inside and saw a mattress with sheets, pillows, and thick blankets on top of it. She watched as her mistress stepped over to it and pulled open the door.

“What do you think?” Ms. Aalia asked. “It’s not exactly a stay at a luxury hotel, but it will do, won’t it?”

Natalie forced a slight smile onto her lips, even though she wanted to make a run for it, with every fiber of her being. “Yes, Miss Aalia. It’s nice.”

She went inside and laid down on the mattress. Her mistress shut the door, latched it, and locked it up. Once inside, Natalie felt a slight need to pee and knew it wouldn’t be long before all of the fluids she had consumed earlier, filled up her bladder again.

Ms. Annette had Alexis open up one more drawer and Shelly was allowed to take out a pair of warm slippers, before they left. “Alright ladies, let’s go find Jacob and go home.”

The three of them left the room, leaving Natalie all alone with Jennifer and her new mistress.

“Well, it’s been a very… interesting night, hasn’t it girls?” Ms. Aalia asked the two of them.

Jennifer nodded when she glanced at her. “Yes, Mistress, it has been.”

She looked down at Natalie, who expressed agreement as well. “Yes, Miss Aalia.”

Ms. Aalia then pointed at another cage on the right side of the room, in the farthest corner from Natalie’s. “Alright, Jennifer, it’s your turn.”

“Thank you, Mistress,” Jennifer replied, before hurrying over to it and getting inside.

The girls’ owner locked the older blonde woman in and then looked at her newest slave. She walked over and knelt down so that the two of them could look into each other’s eyes.

Natalie frowned and blushed from being put on the spot like that. She started to fidget a little, causing Ms. Aalia to smile. “Do you need to pee again, Natalie?”

Natalie covered herself up with her blankets and sat up. “Yes, Miss Aalia, but only a little.”

Ms. Aalia wrapped a hand around one of the thick, steel bars of the cage and looked at it, still smiling. “Are you glad that you didn’t get punished for your naughty behavior, earlier?”

The brown-haired girl hugged the blankets against herself tightly and nodded. “Yes, Miss Aalia. Thank you for not punishing me!”

Her mistress chuckled. “You are behaving so well right now. If you keep this up, then we won’t ever have to repeat what has happened tonight.”

Her smile faded and she looked into her young slave’s eyes. “I didn’t want to be so hard on you, but it was necessary to make you submit. I know you girls will do the right thing and accept your new roles in life. Do you have any questions for me?”

Natalie looked down at the blankets and thought about it for a moment. It did not take long at all for her to think of something. “Is there any way that we can ever earn our freedom? I understand that Jake owed Miss Annette money, but, you don’t need us forever, do you, Miss Aalia?”

Ms. Aalia gave her a look that almost looked like sympathy, but there was no reason to believe that it was sincere. “No, I’m afraid not. Until a time comes that I decide to sell you or that I am no longer able to own you, then you will stay here, with me.”

That is not what the poor girl wanted to hear. “May I ask another question, Miss Aalia?”

Her mistress nodded and then she asked her next question. “What if the… police come looking for us?”

The smile reappeared on Ms. Aalia’s lips again. “I hate to say this, but they won’t. You see, Miss Annette has friends in high places and they have already covered our tracks. As far as your family is concerned, you ditched them so you could run off to be with Jacob and Shelly. They received a text saying that very thing, in your own words.”

Hearing that caused tears to well up in Natalie’s eyes. “What? Th-they think I… abandoned them?”

Ms. Aalia’s smile faded again. “Look on the bright side. Your controlling mother won’t be able to run your life anymore. I know you probably think I’m worse, but it doesn’t have to be that way. You can enjoy yourself here, if that is what you decide to do. If you don’t, then I know a certain art collector who is always looking for new maids…”

Natalie swallowed hard and wiped the tears away, but said nothing as her mistress told her a little more about her mysterious friend. “She is a whole lot worse than I am, believe me. After spending a couple of days with her, you will be begging to come back to me.”

Whoever she is, I hope I never have to meet her, she thought. I don’t know how she could be worse than these people, but I don’t want to find out.

“Alright, I’m going to bring you a tray with a bowl of water, some materials for your dental hygiene, and an empty bowl to spit into,” Miss Aalia said. “You’re going to need to brush and floss before you go to sleep. I can’t have those teeth of yours rotting away on me, can I?”

Natalie didn’t reply at first, but eventually managed to force out a response. “N-no, M-miss Aalia. You can’t…”

She got back up off of the floor and looked over at Jennifer. “I’ll bring you one as well.”

“Thank you, Mistress,” Jennifer replied.

With all of that being said, Ms. Aalia left the room and went to prepare their trays. Neither Jennifer nor Natalie said anything to one another while she was away.

###

Shelly was in the back seat of the van again, in the same place she had been before, while Ms. Annette drove back to her place. There was a towel on the floor beneath her feet, to soak up some of the liquid and keep it off of her new pair of slippers. Jake sat silently in the front passenger seat, looking out the window, and Alexis was seated next to the redhead, keeping an eye on her to make sure she didn’t do anything stupid.

I really don’t want to clean this whole van, Shelly thought. At the very least, I’ll be able to see Nat again tomorrow. Miss Annette said Miss Aalia will be there to supervise, so that will definitely help.

Ms. Annette glanced in the rearview mirror at her new slave and then turned her attention back to the road. “I do hope that you learn to behave yourself, Shelly. You have been quite a handful so far.”

Not wanting to get into trouble, she gave her mistress no response. She just listened to what she had to say.

“I don’t like troublemakers,” Ms. Annette said. “I will wait until after you have rested, to punish you. I want you to get at least six hours of rest, before I spank you and make you clean the van. Will that be enough for you?”

“Yes, Mistress, it will be,” Shelly replied. “It’s not like I have a choice of how long I get to sleep, anyway.”

Ms. Annette smirked at the comment. “I fear that I will be spending so much time dealing with you, that it will take away from my playtime with Aalia.”

Shelly took a moment to ponder what that meant, before foolishly allowing a snarky comment to slip out. “Well, if you would just let us go, then you would have all of the time in the world.”

“Are you being smart with me, young lady?” the old woman asked. “Do you need to be spanked for it?”

Jake looked back over his shoulder at his ex-girlfriend, but was forced to look away when she scowled at him.

Shelly turned her attention back to her owner and shook her head. “Please don’t spank me for it, Mistress. I’m sorry.”

Ms. Annette chuckled and scanned the road up ahead with her eyes. “After Miss Aalia comes over tomorrow with Jennifer and Natalie, we will have a guest coming in the evening. I very much would like for you to meet him.”

Guest? Shelly wondered. Who might that be?

She looked at Jake and noticed that he seemed very anxious. Do you know who this guy is, Jake?

“A friend of mine from Virginia will be coming,” Ms. Annette said. “His name is Master William and he will be delivering some slaves who will help keep an eye on you. Unlike you and Natalie, they are very obedient and are always looking for ways to please their owners. Their job will be to make sure you don’t step out of line.”

Shelly suddenly felt terrified. She had no idea who these people were, but they didn’t sound very pleasant. “I understand, Mistress.”

Jake glanced back at her again and that time, when Shelly returned his gaze, her face contorted into a snarl. “Stop looking at me, you sick fuck!”

Ms. Annette let out a cackle and a full-blown grin appeared on her face. “Trouble in paradise?”

Then Shelly scowled at Ms. Annette. “With all due respect, Mistress, you are so twisted! You know that, right?”

Without any hesitation or a hint of shame, Ms. Annette expressed total agreement with that statement. “Yes indeed! However, I believe this is a case of the pot, calling the kettle black, don’t you? You seemed to be enjoying yourself when I let you… punish your ex-boyfriend earlier, before Aalia and I finished the job.”

Jake quickly looked back out the passenger window and then Shelly began to fear that she was just as bad as her mistress. It was an idea that she simply could not bear to consider, so she had to convince herself that it was false.

There is no way she can be right about that! Shelly thought. I did like it, since he deserved it, but there is no way I could ever be as insane as she is!

Then she pushed those thoughts out of her head, choosing to instead focus on everything that was going to happen on the following day. She had a bad feeling about Master William and the minions he was going to be dropping off. None of them sounded like people she wanted to meet, but unfortunately, she had no choice in the matter.

*008*2018-07-02 04:57

{{2 hours ago, Yellow⚤Rain said:

I love how innocent Natalie is despite experiencing all of that, it's really cute.

}}

Yes, it is, but I doubt very many people would stay that way, if this was a real situation. Perhaps if they were determined not to let all of this change who they are, it could be a more gradual change, but it would still happen eventually.

I am glad you enjoyed this. Thank you for the comment!

*009*2018-07-08 20:02

Chapter 2

Good Mourning

When Natalie finally woke up in her cage, she was surprised to see sunlight coming in through a window, above the head of Ms. Aalia’s bed. She did not remember seeing it before, but that was likely because the terrifying things she saw previously, drew her attention away from it. She sat up, feeling a sudden, intense urge to pee. She quickly pressed her legs together and put both hands between them.

Oh god, I really need to pee again! She thought.

She glanced up at her mistress’s bed. Her owner was still sound asleep, lying on her side and facing her, with some sort of a blindfold over her eyes. She also looked over at Jennifer’s cage and noticed that she was asleep as well, but she appeared to be squirming in desperation, while tossing and turning.

Natalie looked over at Ms. Aalia again, hoping she would wake up soon. Please wake up, Miss Aalia. I have to go to the bathroom so badly!

Realizing that was probably not going to happen right away, she squirmed around and rubbed her crotch beneath the blankets, hoping that she could make it. Her tray had been taken away after she finished brushing her teeth the night before, so she couldn’t even pee into an empty bowl, to take the edge off.

She was afraid to wake up her mistress too soon, for fear of getting in trouble. She got up on her knees and looked at the alarm clock that was sitting on top of the dresser. It was almost noon and there was still a little over an hour left, before it was set to go off.

Oh no, I can’t wait that long! She glanced over at Jennifer again, who just then, sat up in her own cage, fully awake. I think she needs to pee too.

Her fellow slave looked over at her and their eyes met. She had her hands between her legs as well, but didn’t seem to be quite as squirmy. The fans in between their cages were turned on at the lowest speed, but they were still too noisy for either of them to communicate effectively, without waking up Ms. Aalia ahead of schedule.

Come on, Miss Aalia! Natalie thought. Wake up already!

Natalie decided to lay back down, while she waited. For the next fifteen minutes, she squirmed, gasped, and rubbed, desperately hoping to get some relief soon. She pressed her face against her pillow a couple of times and groaned into it. After having been denied the bathroom when her tray was taken, her desperation had exploded during her slumber. She felt certain that a wetting accident was coming.

Come on, my bladder can’t take it! Natalie wanted to shout. I held so much yesterday that… it’s tired out! Wake up!

It was then, at the end of those fifteen minutes, when Ms. Aalia finally stirred. She sat up, yawned, and stretched out her arms. Both Natalie and Jennifer instinctively got up on their knees, with both of their hands pressed against their crotches.

Ms. Aalia smiled and pulled off her blindfold. “My goodness! I had the most incredible dream! A couple of sexy, young slaves came to my house for a wild night of fun.”

She looked down at Natalie and grinned. “Oh wait, it wasn’t a dream after all! It really happened!”

She giggled as if she had just told the most hilarious joke ever and then put her feet down on the carpet. She was wearing a tank top and a pair of plain, red panties, which she had put on before going to sleep. She stuck her feet into a pair of slippers that she had placed next to her bed, on the floor.

Stretching her arms out again, she looked down at her newest slave and smiled. “Good morning! Do you need to pee?”

Natalie nodded and wiggled her hips. “Yes, Miss Aalia. May I please go to the bathroom?”

Ms. Aalia stroked her chin with one hand, acting as if she was thinking deeply about it. “Hmm… Nope! Not until after I pee, take a shower, and have some breakfast. Then, you may go.”

Natalie looked up at her with pleading eyes and grimaced. “But… I can’t-”

Her mistress laughed, interrupting what she was trying to say. “We’ve only been awake for a few minutes and you’re already breaking rules. That’s enough of that.”

The poor girl clamped her mouth shut and put a hand over it. Oh no, I let my words slip out again! I hope I don’t get in trouble today…

The Domme put her hands on her hips and looked over at Jennifer. “Alright, what do I want for breakfast? Let’s see…”

Jennifer looked up at her, seemingly eager to receive her first order of the day.

Ms. Aalia at once clapped her hands together and smiled. “Today, I’m thinking omelets and toast. Since we’re up a little early, it gives me a little more time to eat something special. After we’re ready to go, we need to get over to Miss Annette’s, to help supervise Shelly during her punishment.”

We have to go back there?! Natalie almost blurted out, but the knowledge that she would be able to see her friend again, helped to calm her back down. At least I get to see Shelly while we’re there.

Ms. Aalia glanced back at the newest addition to her collection of slaves and gave her a cold stare. “Don’t you dare think that you and Shelly will be escaping. I’ll have you on a leash!”

Natalie’s eyes went wide and she let out a soft gasp into the hand that was covering her mouth. Her mistress ignored it and turned her gaze back towards Jennifer.

“Alright, Jennifer, you know just how I like em,” she said.

Jennifer bowed her head. “Yes, Mistress! I’ll get those sautéed mushrooms started immediately!”

Oh my god, Natalie thought. I want one of those omelets too! Sautéed mushrooms… I love having those in omelets! I also like them with peppers and onions… and bacon and cheese…

On top of her need to pee, she was also feeling quite hungry. She certainly had a lot of respect for Ms. Aalia’s taste, but she had a bad feeling that she wouldn’t be able to enjoy something quite so delicious. She was a slave now, after all.

Their mistress glanced back and forth between the two girls, before she said the most degrading thing Natalie had heard her say so far. “Since I’m feeling generous today, I will save both of you some scraps. How you split it will be up to you. I’m going to let your… little mishap… slide, for now, Natalie, but don’t make a habit of it!”

Natalie wanted to thank her for letting her transgression go unpunished, but decided against it. The last thing she wanted to do was break any more rules. She also felt a little angry about not being allowed to have a decent meal, but her fear of upsetting her mistress was stronger. Scraps is all we get? That’s not fair!

Jennifer, she noticed, seemed grateful that they were being allowed to split the leftovers. “Thank you, Mistress. You are very kind.”

Ms. Aalia went over to the dresser and pulled a key out of the top drawer. “Alright, it’s time to get you two out of your cages. Natalie, while Jennifer is getting my breakfast ready, I’m going to find some other chores for you to do.”

She couldn’t help but wonder why she wasn’t being required to help with breakfast. Maybe she doesn’t trust me around hot cookware. She probably thinks that I’ll use it to escape.

Ms. Aalia then went over to Jennifer’s cage and let her out. The blonde woman stepped back out onto the carpet, where she did a little pee dance, before rushing out to the kitchen.

After that, the gorgeous woman stepped over to Natalie’s cage and stood in front of her, with her hands on her hips. “Well, Natalie… It’s just you and I again. Are you grateful for being allowed to have some breakfast?”

Natalie nodded, but did not smile. “Yes, Miss Aalia. Thank you for… letting us have some. Should I have said so sooner?”

Ms. Aalia smiled down at her. “You were behaving like I told you to, by not speaking until you’re asked to do so, therefore, it was not necessary. I will let you know that if I do something nice for you, you don’t need permission to thank me. I don’t punish my girls for good deeds.”

Well, that’s good to know, Natalie thought. But scraping off your plate into a dog bowl for us to eat out of, is hardly an act of kindness!

She kept the thought to herself while Ms. Aalia opened up the door and let her out. Since she wasn’t going to be helping Jennifer in the kitchen, she wondered what sort of chores her mistress had in mind. She stood up and stepped out of her cage.

Her mistress folded her arms over her chest and looked at her lustfully. “You will be coming with me into the bathroom, to watch me pee, but you have to hold it the entire time.”

Then she pointed at the bondage contraption hanging from the ceiling. “While I am showering, you will be cuffed to that! When I am done eating, you will wash the dishes, while I watch you. You are not allowed to pee until everything is done, but when you do, you won’t be doing it in the toilet…”

Once Natalie knew what she was going to be doing, she feared that she would be unable to handle all of it. Unfortunately, she had no choice in the matter. Unless she and Shelly could come up with a plan, this was going to be her future. She mourned the loss of her old life, as she followed her new owner into the bathroom.

###

It was nearly one when Ms. Annette sat down for her breakfast, at the round, wooden table in her kitchen. Jake sat on the opposite side, with a plate, silverware, and a glass in front of him. The old woman had two waffles on her plate, with a coating of maple syrup on them. The young man, on the other hand, had a stack of three of them that were coated with a sauce made from berries of various types, with soft chunks of the fruit swimming in it.

Shelly was kneeling on the floor next to her mistress, with a moderately full bladder, and was clad in nothing but the underwear she had picked out on the previous night. She had an empty plate on the floor in front of her, while she waited for everyone else to finish their breakfast, and was under orders not to look at anything else but that plate. Alexis poured orange juice into the two glasses that were on the table and the sound that met the redhead’s ears, caused her to feel a sudden, intense urge to pee. After the other girl returned the pitcher to the refrigerator, she went over to her mistress and stood next to her, on the opposite side of Shelly.

Ms. Annette dug into her waffles and took a bite. “These are excellent, Alexis! I would very much like to keep you, but you have unfortunately been assigned to Miss Aalia, for your training.”

The dark-skinned, curvy woman folded her hands near her crotch and looked down at Ms. Annette’s plate. “Thank you, Mistress. This one appreciates the compliment.”

Shelly glanced up at Jake and saw that he was looking at the other slave with an eyebrow raised. “So, is that what I will be doing after… um, Master William picks me up?”

The redhead took a peek at Ms. Annette, who smiled across the table at Jake. “Yes. Your master will be teaching you how to mind your manners. For now, you are still a free man, so you may eat your meal, Jacob.”

Jake picked up his fork and started to dig in. He looked down at Shelly, but said nothing to Ms. Annette about her looking around without permission. She glanced back down at the plate, hoping to avoid getting in trouble.

Unfortunately, the old woman was able to see her out of the corner of her eye. “Shelly, my dear, if you want to eat and use the bathroom this afternoon, then you should do as you’re told and keep your eyes pointed downward. I did not tell you that you could look around.”

Shelly gasped when she realized she had gotten caught. “I’m sorry, Mistress. I won’t do it again.”

Ms. Annette took another bite of her waffles and then started up a conversation with Jake. “So, Jacob, you will be switching places with the slaves that Master William is bringing here today. They will be helping with Shelly’s training while they, themselves, are also being trained. This will be an excellent… hands on… learning experience, for them.”

Did you have to say it so creepily? Shelly wanted to ask, but chose to keep her eyes on the plate and her mouth shut, to avoid making her angry.

“That is interesting, Mistress,” Jacob replied. “Who are the slaves?”

Ms. Annette finished chewing a bite and took a sip of her juice, before giving an answer. “Their names are Amelia and Chloe. Master William tells me that they are a lot of fun to have around. Amelia is twenty five and is quite the worker. Chloe is only a year older than you and your girlfriends, after having just turned nineteen a month ago.”

Shelly could not believe what she was hearing. So Jake is being swapped out for a couple of girls then? Just who does this Master William think he is?

The old woman took another bite of her food and then continued telling Jake more about them. “Chloe, he tells me, can be a little bratty at times. He says that she has a lot more to learn, but she is still very eager to please her superiors. She really likes to play games… She does not play those silly videogames that young people play nowadays, but rather, she prefers to play real games, face to face.”

The poor red-head at Ms. Annette’s feet could not help but worry about who these other girls were. What kind of people are they? Are they dangerous? How willing are they to please their owners?

She had so many questions about them, but was not allowed to ask. Only Jake could do so, since he was still a “free man”, as her mistress put it.

After a moment of silence between the pair, Ms. Annette glanced down at Shelly. “Miss Aalia should be bringing Natalie and Jennifer soon. I would really like to have them meet the new girls, as well. Miss Aalia will be supervising you while you clean out the entire van, Shelly. If you miss anything, then you will be denied a visit to the toilet for the rest of the day. You don’t want that, do you?”

“No, Mistress, I don’t,” Shelly replied.

Jake looked down at his ex-girlfriend and smiled. She briefly glanced back at him and shot another scowl in his direction.

He chuckled and pointed down at her. “She’s not looking down at her plate like she should be, Miss Annette.”

Shelly’s eyes went wide and she immediately looked back down, but luckily, Ms. Annette did nothing. She just continued to eat her meal in silence. Jake’s smile faded and he did the same until they were both finished.

“Alright, Shelly, I left a few scraps for you,” Ms. Annette said quietly. “You don’t really deserve it, but I think the spanking you will receive, after you are finished with the van, will be enough punishment for today. I want you to sit pretty for me and I’ll let you have it.”

Shelly got up on her knees and looked up at the wicked grin on her mistress’s face. She wasn’t sure how to sit pretty, but she gave her the best puppy dog eyes she could muster. Apparently it worked, because the leftovers were on her plate before she even knew it. She reached down and tried very carefully to pick up a small piece of waffle, without getting the syrup on her fingers.

“No, you’re not eating it like that!” Ms. Annette cried, causing the poor thing to drop the food suddenly. “You will put your face down to it and eat it like a dog.”

“But… why in the hell would I do that?” Shelly asked.

Ms. Annette gave her a stern look. “You will do it because I said to. Do as I say or your plate will be taken from you.”

Not wanting to have her plate taken away, she did as she was told. This degrading act was very difficult. Her attempt to eat like someone’s pet caused her to get the syrup on her nose and chin, but she was eventually able to eat the bites of waffle.

Shelly’s mistress clapped hands and chuckled. “Very good girl, Shelly! Now, you may get up, wash your face, and get yourself something to drink, if you wish.”

She stood up and bowed to Ms. Annette, with syrup smeared on her face. “Thank you, Miss Annette.”

She went over to the sink and washed herself up. The running water caused some discomfort in her bladder and she had to cross her legs. Once she was done, she stepped over to the refrigerator, in the corner of the room between the back door and the kitchen counter. She opened it up and reached for the pitcher of orange juice, when suddenly, all of them were surprised by someone knocking on the front door.

“It’s a little too early to be Miss Aalia or Master William,” Ms. Annette said quietly. “Alexis and Shelly, go answer it.”

Shelly shut the door to the refrigerator and reluctantly followed Alexis through the study. As they passed through the hallway at the top of the basement steps, she briefly glanced down there, remembering everything that had taken place in that little dungeon, on the previous night, before continuing to the living room.

She still found the living room to be a spooky place, despite the changes Jake and Alexis made to it, just before breakfast. The round, black table in the middle of the room had a bowl of fruit on top, rather than the red cloth and metal bowl that were there previously. Aside from that, nothing else had been changed, so it still had a very eerie feel to it.

Whoever was at the door knocked again as Alexis approached it and grabbed the knob. She cautiously unlocked it and gave the handle a turn. When she pulled it open, Shelly saw a man and two young women standing on the front stoop.

Alexis flashed them a grin. “Hello there, Master William! Miss Annette was not expecting you this early, but I will take you to her right away.”

The man that stepped inside was wearing a suit and tie with a thick jacket over them, fancy dress shoes, a fedora, and black gloves on his hands. He gave Shelly a smile that sent chills up her spine and she felt a deep sense of dread, as his two companions followed him inside.

*011*2018-07-15 23:45

Hopefully I can get the next chapter finished some time this week. I am not going to be able to do it today, but soon, I plan to. My schedule got hectic the last few days, so I'm a bit behind where I want to be.

*013*2018-07-18 01:24

Chapter 3

The Gang is All Here

Shelly took a good look at Amelia and Chloe as they came inside, all the while wondering who was who. One of them was a little shorter than the other, had shoulder-length black hair, pale skin, a moderate bust size, and a cute, little rear end. The other was a few inches taller, with light brown hair that hung down just past her shoulder blades, slightly tanned skin, larger breasts, and much wider hips. They both wore thick sweaters, worn out, black gloves, light blue jeans, and some old sneakers.

Master William removed his hat, exposing his graying hair, just as the shorter slave shut the door behind them. He gave Alexis a friendly smile, as he held the fedora up against the side of his jacket. “I decided that an early arrival would be a most, pleasant surprise!”

He turned his attention back to Shelly again and bowed his head briefly. “You must be Shelly! You are just as beautiful as I imagined!”

She wrapped her arms around herself, to cover up her chest, when she noticed him staring. “Thanks, I guess.”

Master William’s smile vanished and his expression became one of disappointment. “Goodness! Your mistress truly does have her work cut out for her, doesn’t she? Such terrible manners…”

He turned towards the girls that had come with him and snapped his fingers. “Chloe, my dear, show her how a slave is supposed to behave!”

The shorter girl with the black hair stepped forward and gave Shelly a creepy smile. “As you wish, Master William!”

The frightened redhead very much disliked the mischievous gleam in Chloe’s eyes, as she pulled off her sweater, revealing that she was wearing nothing but a green bra underneath. She stripped all the way down to her underwear and bundled up her outer clothes, exposing her matching green panties.

“If you would be so kind, please take these to the upstairs dresser, Shelly,” Chloe instructed. “I would rather not toss them to the floor and get them dirty.”

Shelly hesitated to grab them when the odd girl held them out to her, but she eventually did so, to avoid the possibility of getting in trouble.

The dark-haired slave bowed her head, just as Ms. Annette and Jake entered the room. “Thank you very much, my dear…”

With a friendly smile on her face, the old woman offered the man a friendly greeting. “William! It is so nice to see you!”

Shelly felt a lot of anxiety, as she watched her mistress and her guest embrace one another. They gave each other a quick peck on the cheek and then separated again.

Ms. Annette put her hands on her hips and smirked. “It is a pleasure to see you here this early! Having your darling girls here to help, will make training my new slave so much easier.”

Master William then glanced over at Jake, who had stayed back near the hallway entrance, with his hands buried deep into his pockets. Shelly glanced over at him as well, easily recognizing the terror on his face.

Now you know how Nat and I feel, you asshole, she wanted to say, but she kept her mouth shut.

Jake’s new master motioned for him to approach. “Jacob, my boy, come over here.”

The frightened young man did as he was told, soon coming face to face with the older gentleman. “So you’re… Master William?”

“Yes, my boy,” he replied. “It is a pleasure to meet you at last, Jacob.”

Jake nervously rubbed his hand over the hair on the back of his neck. “Please, call me Jake.”

Completely ignoring the request, Master William frowned at him. “If you could, Jacob, come into the kitchen with me, while I visit with Mistress Annette. I realize that Miss Aalia has not arrived yet, but I would still like to meet Natalie when she does.”

Jake looked down at the floor and chewed on his lip a little. “Yes, sir.”

Shelly wiggled her hips a little, to fight against the urge to release the pee in her bladder. She hugged Chloe’s clothes tightly against herself, while her ex-boyfriend followed their respective owners back into the kitchen. Once they were gone, Amelia stripped down as well, revealing that she was wearing dark blue underwear.

She folded up her outer clothes, but kept them to herself, instead of forcing them on her newest cagemate. “Hello, Shelly. I’m Amelia.”

Shelly forced a smile to her face. “Hi. Should we take these upstairs?”

Before Amelia could answer, Chloe butted in and put her face up close to Shelly’s. “So, do you need to pee?”

Shelly looked fearfully at her. “I, um, just-”

Amelia scowled at the other girl, which caught the redhead by surprise. “Chloe, please stop acting so creepy! Aren’t you aware that you are scaring the poor girl?”

The dark-haired slave backed off a little and angrily folded her arms over her chest. “She was already scared before… All I did was ask a question!”

Turning her attention back to Shelly, Amelia seemed quite irritated by Chloe’s behavior. “Yes, let’s take our things upstairs and put them away. I would prefer not to get in trouble for standing around, my… dear…”

She was unable to say that last word without a look of disgust appearing on her face. Chloe took notice, but did not comment on it. She just rolled her eyes and started looking around at the living room. “I sure love this place, Amelia! It’s so dark and spooky! I wish we could stay here forever!”

Amelia motioned for Shelly to follow and then led the way up the stairs. Once on the top floor, the two of them went into the first bedroom on the left, where the redhead and Natalie had enjoyed each other’s company the night before, after finally being released from the dungeon in the basement.

###

Jennifer set a plate down on the table in front of Ms. Aalia, who had been waiting patiently for her meal. She was now wearing a red blouse, black trousers, and some black pumps. Natalie was standing next to her, wiggling her hips and rubbing her thighs together, to keep all of the pee held inside of her tortured bladder. There was already a wet patch on the crotch of her pajama bottoms, from when she’d lost some spurts, while watching her mistress pee and waiting for her to finish her shower.

She remembered how she had struggled and squirmed, while her hands were cuffed to the spreader bar above her head, preventing her from putting them between her legs, where they were needed most. I can’t believe that I have made it this long! But now, I’m so close to losing it again!

Ms. Aalia took a bite of her omelet and moaned loudly, all the while ignoring the labored breathing and soft gasps, of the desperate slave next to her. “Jennifer! This is perfect!”

Jennifer’s beaming smile showed just how proud of herself she was. “Thank you, Mistress!”

After a bit of chewing, their mistress shook her head. “If Miss Annette heard about my poor table manners, she’d whip me for sure, wouldn’t she, Jennifer?”

Jennifer bent at the waist and pressed her fingers against her crotch. “Y-yes, Mistress, she would!”

Natalie squirmed and groaned while the two of them watched Ms. Aalia take her sweet time.

Oh my god, I have to pee so badly! Natalie thought. There is no way I can wash the dishes without peeing! I’m going to burst!

Their mistress swallowed the bite she was working on and glanced at Natalie with a smile. “So, did you enjoy watching me pee earlier?”

Natalie tried hard not to think about it, but it was difficult not to. She could still remember the sound of the pee gushing into the toilet bowl, as well as the look of blissful relief on her owner’s face; one that she wished had been on her own.

“N-no!” she exclaimed. “I… I m-mean yes! It was hot, but… I…”

Another spurt of pee escaped past her tired holding muscles, straight into her panties. The poor thing was on the verge of losing it all over the dining room floor, but no matter what, she had to force herself to keep holding.

Ms. Aalia giggled and took another bite of her omelet. She reached over with one of her hands and lifted up Natalie’s t-shirt, exposing her slightly bulging bladder.

After she swallowed the food, their sexy mistress chuckled. “So hot… I love seeing a girl with a bulging bladder. I will have to train it, so that it can hold more and expand further. It will take some time, but I can do it.”

Natalie bit down on her lip and groaned as she continued to dance and squirm. She watched her mistress place a hand on her bladder and begin to play with it. She thought for sure that her struggle would end at any moment, while it was being poked and prodded.

Ms. Aalia gave her a wicked smile. “If you flood yourself all over the floor, my little slave, then I’ll have to make that adorable, little rump of yours, red with my flogger!”

“N-no!” Natalie cried, but then she put a hand over her mouth again.

Ms. Aalia raised an eyebrow at her. “No? You don’t want to be whipped? Good! Just keep it held in and it won’t happen!”

I’m glad she decided to ignore the fact that I blurted that out, Natalie thought. But she knows that I am so close to peeing everywhere, that she is probably planning to punish me anyway!

She released her grip on Natalie’s shirt and continued to dig into her omelet. She picked up the pace a little, until only a few pieces were left, and then she was done.

She got up and pushed the chair back across the linoleum. “Alright girls, now you can decide how you want to share it.”

She stepped back and both Natalie and Jennifer looked down at it. Another spurt of pee escaped from the brown-haired girl’s bladder and she cried out in desperation. There was no way she could decide what to do, when she was this close to bursting.

“Go ahead girls, dig in!” Ms. Aalia said. “If you hesitate, I will make you both eat it off of the floor like dogs! You don’t want me to be mean like Miss Annette, do you?”

On the plate, there was a little bit of the omelet shell, a shred of cheese, a couple pieces of chopped up bacon, and a slice of one of those sautéed mushrooms, left behind. A small piece of toast was left as well, all lathered up in melted butter, just waiting to be eaten.

"Jennifer looked it over and then glanced up at Natalie. “Do you want the… mushroom? You can have some of the shell and the bacon, if you want… I can have the toast and little bit of cheese…”

Natalie had no objections with that plan. “S-sounds good to me!”

Ms. Aalia put her hands on her hips and grinned. “Always the generous one, aren’t you, Jennifer? Either that, or you really like toast…”

Jennifer let out a nervous laugh and reached for her share. She ate it quickly, while Natalie used one hand to eat hers. Before long, the leftovers were gone.

But I’m still hungry, Natalie thought bitterly. And I really need to pee!

When they were finished, Ms. Aalia glanced at the new girl and pointed at the table. “Alright! It’s time for you to wash the dishes. That includes all of the pans over there, by the sink. You may go pee when you’re done, but not a moment sooner!”

Natalie groaned and looked over at the sink. I can’t do this… I can’t!

Ms. Aalia then glanced over at her other slave and gave her a smile. “Jennifer, you may use the bathroom. I’ll come up with more for you to do later. The breakfast was wonderful!”

Jennifer smiled and gave her a bow. “Thank you, Mistress! I am glad you enjoyed it!”

She hurried back into the bedroom, leaving Natalie and Ms. Aalia alone again. With one hand pressed into her crotch, the young slave attempted to collect the plate, glass, and silverware from the table. She just knew that the task ahead was going to be hell, but no matter what, it had to be done.

*015*2018-07-24 19:59

I do appreciate everyone's comments on this story, but I have decided to put off working on it until after Flowing Creek is finished. I have this story all planned out, so it's just as simple as following the outline I have, but trying to work on multiple stories at a time is becoming stressful, rather than relaxing, so I have decided to put off working on this for a few weeks.

More updates will becoming though, so do not worry, if you're enjoying this.

