OMOVEMBER DAY 7: Ainsley's Mall Trip Dilemma

Author: Animepee1234

*000*2024-11-08 09:18

OMOVEMBER DAY 7 Prompt- Couldn't find one

Ainsely was a shy girl with short, A-cup, light brown hair. On this day she was wearing skinny jeans, and a pink tanktop, and white cotton panties. One this particular day she was at a mall an hour out of town. She went with one of her friends, they’d never been to this mall before and this little fact would prove to be devastating for Ainsley but we’ll get to that.

When Ainsley and her friend Kaylie walked through the entrance, their first thought was to hit the food court.

“I’m so hungry” Kaylie said “Let’s hit the food court”

“Sounds good to me” Ainsley said, they both started for the food court.

Ainsley got Chinese with a large, and Katie stuck with Nathan’s. They sat and talked and before Katie finished her food Ainsley was slurping the bottom of the cup.

“Dang, you finished that already?” Katie said

“What I was thirsty” Ainsley giggled, she sat up and threw out her trash, and Kaylie followed closely behind.

As they walked throughout the mall Kaylie raised the question “Where do you wanna go first”

“Let's go there!” Ainsley said pointing at a clothing store

“Yeaaa let's try on different outfits!!” Kaylie said enthusiastically, they both laughed and ran into the store. They walked throughout the store, picked pairs of jeans, sweatpants, dresses, and bikinis, and panties. Then they made their way to the changing rooms.

“YOU FIRST” her friend Kaylie said

“Okay hehe” Ainsley giggled walking into the dressing room. She began undoing her her jeans and pulled them off, as she rose her legs she started to feel pressure in her bladder, she hled her crotch for a moment then continued changing. She walked out with her first outfit, a pair of cargo pants and a new black tank top.

“OH MY GOD so pretty” Kaylie said

“Stopp” Ainsley said, as she closed the curtain to put on her next outfit, With each new outfit she put on she began to feel her bladder fill more and more. As she put on her last outfit, she began holding her crotch more

“Maybe I shouldn’t have had that large coke, I should find a bathroom soon” Ainsley thought, she walked out with her last outfit hiding her need to pee.

“So cute” Kaylie said

“Thank you” Ainsley said flattered

“ALRIGHT HURRY UP IT”S MY TURN” Kaylie said in an excited tone. Ainsley put her skinny jeans back on, as she buttoned them she immediately started feeling her jeans press against her bladder

“Oh my god I gotta pee” she thought rubbing her legs together, she composed herself ad walked out, Kaylie sat up with their outfits piled in her hands.

“Get out my turn” Kaylie said, squeezing past Ainsley. The curtain closed and Ainsley went and sat on the bench in front of the changing rooms. Kaylie had so many outfits, and Ainsley was only getting more and more desperate by the minute.

Ainsley began crossing her legs as her desperation increased more and more. “Please hurry Kaylie I wanna go to the bathroom” Ainsley thought.

Kaylie walked out with another outfit and waited for Ainsely’s reaction, Ainsley didn;t notice her waiting she was focusing on holding her pee in.

“AINSLEY” Kaylie yelled, Ainsley shot up

“yea uhmm… I love it” Ainsley stuttered

“You okay” Kaylie asked

“Yea, I’m fine. Come on show me the next one” Ainsley replied acting like everything was fine

“Alriiiight” Kaylie said closing the curtain, Ainsley blushed, she didn’t want to let her friend know she needed to pee, she was too shy and embarrassed, and didn’t want to interrupt a good time. Ainsley shot up and held her crotch tight, a spurt of pee leaked out.

“Shit shit, Please be the last outfit” Ainsey hoped, and she was thankful as Kaylie came out and said “Last one” Kaylie pulled back the curtain “BOOM” she exclaimed

“I-I love it” Ainsely said, rubbing her legs together as discreetly as possible, trying to hold it in.

“ME TOO” Kaylie said “Okay be out in a minute” she said closing the curtain. Ainsley then began holding her crotch and rubbing her legs together again.

“Mmmm I really gotta go” Ainsley thought looking desperate but when she heard the curtain open she quickly tried to compose herself amd look normal.

“You ready” Kaylie asked

“Mmm-hmmm” Ainsley said standing up, they both grabbed the outfits they wanted and went to check out. There were 3 people ahead of them, as Ainsley stood there with Kaylie, Ainsley was trying to hold it in while not looking obvious, she would shift side ot side, cross her legs a bit, rub her legs together slightly. Kaylie was talking to her but Ainsley wasn’t entirely paying attention just replying with “mmm-hmm’s”

“Yea’s”, one word answers.

“You okay you're not looking too good” Kaylie asked

Ainsley froze and shyly looked away, she built up her courage and said “uhmm- I kinda-” She was cut off by the cashier calling out to Kaylie

“Excuse me miss your next” the lady at the register said

“Oooo, hii how are you” Kaylie said walking over to the register

Ainsley began shifting back and forth again, crossing her legs tighter, she thought of an idea “I really need to hold it in, should I risk holding my crotch and people seeing”.

As she shifted back and forth, more pee leaked out, “ahh shit” she thought quickly grabbing her crotch, but just as she did that she had to stop as Kaylie turned around

“Thank you have a good day” Kaylie said

“I can help you now miss” the lady at the register said, Ainsley hobbled over to the register and put her clothes on the counter, she began shifting side to side trying not to pee, the moments between each scanned outfit felt like an eternity.

“I gotta pee, I gotta pee” she thought shifting from side to side, but pee leaked out again, she froze and brought her legs together “ahh~” she moaned softly as her panties made a hsssss as they began to become more wet.

“What as that sweetie” the register lady asked

Ainsley looked up embarrassed, realizing the sound she made wasn’t as quiet as she first thought

“N-nothing” Ainsley said looking away shyly.

Ainsley handed the lady at the registar her card, her receipt printed and handed it to Ainsley, all while Ainsley was still trying to hid her desperation. \

“Have a good day sweetie” the cashier lady said

“Yo-you too” Ainsley said desperately hobbling away

As Ainsley and Kaylie walked out of the store, Ainsley realized the look on Kaylies face

“What?” Ainsley said

“I told you so” Kaylie said

“Wh-what do you mean” Ainsley said starting to blush

“You have to pee don’t you” Kaylie said in a teasing tone

Ainsley looked down sheepishly and nodded, as she brought her legs together rubbing them, there was no point in hiding it.

“Let’s go find a bathroom” Kaylie said “How bad do you have to go”

Just as that question excited Kaylie's mouth Ainsley felt another wave hit her, as pee spurted out, she bent down and held her crotch, she began feeling her panties becoming too wet as they began to seep into her jeans.

“Ahh~ really bad, I'm already leaking” Ainsley said desperately

“Shit really” Kaylie said giggling and smiling

“Wipe that look off your face and help me find a bathroom” Ainsley snapped

“Okay, okay, I’m sure there’s one back at the food court” Kaylie said

Ainsley rose to her feet and began speeding toward the food court and Kaylie followed with haste. When they arrived at the food court Ainsley speed walked, bringing one of her hands to hold her crotch every few steps. As both her and Kaylie walked around they had no luck.

“Maybe there’s one near the movie theater” Kayle said

“On the other side of the mall” Ainsley desperately said “I don’t think I can make it” she said holding her crotch

“Come on try, what other choice do you have, peeing yourself?” Kaylie playfully teased

Ainsley hobbled over as she felt more pee escape “mmmm~ Don't say that” Ainsley moaned

Kaylie looked at Ainsley's crotch and saw a small wet patch “Oh my god, you're actually peeing yourself” Kaylie said teasing her as she covered her mouth giggling

“Shut up, come on” Ainsley said running toward the theater as she felt little drips of pee escape with each step “mmmm~~ shit shit~” she moaned quietly, as she closed in on the theater, she stopped at the doors to it, bent down holding her crotch with both hands. She raised one of her hands to reach for the handle.

Hsssssss pe began pouring out more

“Ahhhhh~ No no no” she moaned bringing her hand back to her crotch, as the wet patch grew to a now noticeable size. Kaylie finally caught up and helped open the door, then ran into where the concessions were. Ainsley looked around hastily as she did a potty dance, not seeing any bathroom sign. She and Kaylie then ran up to the guy at the concession stand.

“Excuse me where’s your bathroom” Kaylie asked

“It's down toward the theaters, you need a ticket to go down there though” the guys said he then looked and Ainsley who was holding her crotch doing a potty dance, bouncing up and down, shifting side to side

“Try not to think about running water” he said smiling

Ainsley’s face turned red as tears began forming, she bent over then felt more pee escape, hsssss making the dark spot on her jeans grow, and she quickly ran out. She ran down the corridors of the mall, holding her crotch with both hands she then made it to a busy area, her eye caught mall security, and she blushed as she ran over.

“EXCUSE ME PLEASE TELL ME WHERE THE BATHROOM IS” she said jumping up and down, as she felt more pee escape. The officer turned and pulled out an earbud

“What did you say miss” the officer asked

Hssssss more pee shot out further darkening her jeans with even a few drops hitting the ground, and a dark line going down her pant leg, she bent over

“Mmmmm~ p-please ba-bathroom” she desperately begged

“Oh it’s right that-” the officer was cut off

“Ah~~” Ainsley moaned as she bent over and crossed her legs both hands jammed between her legs “nonononononoono” she thought as pee began pouring out she hopped up and down, squeezed her crotch, crossed her legs, but it was no use. “~fuck don’t look!... AAAAHHHH~~mmm...ahhh~” she loudly moaned and cried, tears flowing down her red cheeks, as pee gushed out of her jeans and dripped through her fingers, as her jeans became soaked as the dark spot grew to form around her crotch and down in between and the back of her legs. People began congregating around Ainsley as she flooded her jeans with piss.

“Stop looking~” she cried trying to cover the large growing wet spot on her jeans. As the last few drops hit the ground, Ainsley stood there surrounded by people covering their mouths, laughing at her, and surrounded by a puddle of her own piss.

She stood there face red, as she cried, her friend Kaylie quickly grabbed her and dragged her to where she was told the bathroom was. Leaving drops of pee in Ainsley’s trail.

EPILOGUE

Ainsley was now in a bathroom stall with Kaylie, Ainsley was still crying. Kaylie unbuttoned Ainsley's skinny jeans and pulled them down, pee leaking into her hand as she did so. Kaylie rolled out toiled paper and bundled it in her hand and began wiping Ainsley's legs down.

She then looked at Ainsley’s soaked white panites, she could see Ainsley’s pussy through it, and she felt herself get excited by it. Kaylie then pulled down Ainsley’s panites pee dripping out of it as she did so, then shakily and excitedly wiped down Ainsley’s crotch. It Was soft and freshly shaven, as she wiped she couldn’t stop.

“Ahhh~ Kaylie s-stop” Ainsley moaned but Kaylie ignored and kept going, Ainsley tried grabbing Kaylie’s hand but Kaylie held Ainsley’s hands away with her free hand, Kaylie kept going faster and faster

“Kaylie~ p-please~ i-i’m gonna pee a-a-again~~ AHHHH” Ainsley moaned as pee erupted again, soaking her already soaked panites and jeans, a puddle forming on the bathroom floor. Ainsley began turning red and crying again. Pee trickled down Ainsley’s legs and Kaylie was in love with the sight. As the last drops released, Kaylie dried off Ainsley for real and left her to change her clothes.

Once she was done she walked out eyes still red from tears, Kaylie looked at her with a grin

“WHAT” Ainsley said

Kaylie giggled “Baby”

“I'M NOT A BABY” Ainsley yelled embarrassed

