Bittersweet Candy Bowl: Side Stories

Author: AlmightyIdiot

*000*2022-02-08 04:04

This is where I'll be posting written works not made by me, but an anonymous friend that's also keen on sharing peefics to you all. Will be updated overtime.

Miranda: Manager Mishap

&&

"Ahhh, barely made it!"

Miranda sighed with relief the moment she looked down at her car stereo upon pulling into the Burger-Tron parking lot. Ten minutes late. Not bad considering the rush she was in after drastically oversleeping, and certainly not the worst it had ever been. It had come at the cost of being out the door as soon as she was dressed, but surely that would be the worst thing to happen to her today.

Still, being late meant angering her employees should they wait too long for her to come unlock the fast food joint. As she rounded the corner to the front of the building she saw the annoyed faces of Paulo, James, and all the other employees under her watch. She hated to see what a few more minutes of delay would do to them.

"Sorry guys, may or may not have overslept a little," Miranda explained, stifling a yawn and the urge to say 'a lot' instead. Retrieving the keychain from her pocket, she wasted no time in getting the building unlocked and letting everyone inside.

As soon as the lights were turned on the group headed to the break room, where BT-branded caps and aprons were put on to the tune of friendly chit-chat and the music of the early morning radio. Once everyone was ready, they gathered round the central table while Miranda started barking orders.

"Alright, James, there's a ton of trash piled up around the store, you're on trash duty. Allison, Claire, get the kitchen ready. Paulo, get the dining area cleaned up. Bill, soda fountains. Morning commuters will be here any minute."

No complaints, they had all heard this before. Everyone started scrambling to work except for James. "Just need the key to the back door."

Miranda tossed the entire keychain at him. "Here, go nuts, I got plenty of stuff to do myself."

"You sure? I just need the on-" but Miranda neither heard nor cared.

Thus, the team descended upon the restaurant, fixing it up at breakneck speed to be ready for the rush of commuters seeking a quick breakfast or at least a coffee. Miranda went around checking in on everyone periodically, while otherwise performing miscellaneous, but no less important tasks such as preparing the cash register. Her early morning rush had put them all in a bit of a hurry, but as long as the kitchen and drive thru line were up and ready soon, the rest would be smooth sailing.

In the midst of it all, Miranda found the time to make herself a cup of coffee, as she was still a little conked out from having to leave her house so fast. No time for breakfast, no time for a shower, no time to brush her teeth...

...No time to use the bathroom.

With a twinge of embarrassment, Miranda suddenly noticed the tight feeling in her abdomen. Perhaps she should've at least put aside the time for a toilet break before she left; her bladder was unpleasantly full. With an annoyed grunt, Miranda gulped the rest of the coffee, tossing the empty cup into one of the many garbage cans yet to be emptied, and hurried off to the bathroom to take care of this minor inconvenience.

Stepping down the hallway, Miranda parked herself in front of the female bathroom and turned the knob, only to find it refused to budge. Confusion turned to a slight jolt of fear as she tried it a few times, only to determine the bathrooms had yet to be unlocked yet.

No matter, she thought, reaching for the keychain on her belt.

"Goddammit..." she huffed under her breath.

Miranda's bladder protested, having not expected such a delay.

Ugh, where's James at, she thought, heading down the hall to the restaurant's rear door, only to hear her name called.

"Yo, you're needed at the drive thru register, customers are starting to arrive!" Paulo called to her from the other end of the hallway. Miranda turned around to stare at him blankly for a moment, realizing the sudden predicament she was in.

"...Alright, I'm coming," she replied. It was an unfortunate coincidence, but one she had to deal with. There was no time to go find James, customers were more important than a bathroom break she didn't really need anyway. Indeed, as she headed to her work station, the urge to relieve herself was swiftly forgotten. She would of course need to go sooner or later, but that could easily wait until James finished up and brought her the keys. Service with a smile till then.

=====

"Th-thank you, come again!" Miranda called through her earpiece, blushing as she noticed the stutter in her voice. Peeking through the window, she saw the drive thru empty for the time being and carefully whipped out her phone to check the time. She bit her lip, slightly surprised to see she hadn't even been behind the register a half hour yet. It felt like it had easily been twice as long, and not just because of the monotony of the job. Who would've guessed that sitting behind a counter doing little of anything would eventually allow her mind to wander to the fact she needed to pee.

Miranda subtly squeezed her thighs in response. It helped, but she still had to pee quite badly. A toilet break was in order as soon as practicable, and she was still nowhere close to being on break. Not that she couldn't leave at all, but getting somewhere to cover for her at the busiest time of morning was not an easy feat. Gritting her teeth, Miranda could only sit there, silently suffering, while another customer pulled up and started to place an order.

Eventually, Paulo found himself without anything to do, having finished wiping down the main dining room. There was still plenty yet to be done, but for Miranda it meant a chance to call him over.

"Think you could cover me for a moment?" Miranda asked, trying to hide the urgency in her voice, "I need to, uh...check on James."

"Uh, I think so."

"Great!" Miranda strained, tearing herself away to quickly yet inconspicuously head off towards the bathrooms. She hoped, yet doubted they had been unlocked yet, in which case she'd need to find James, but that wouldn't take too much more time, and she thankfully wasn't completely desperate yet.

Coming to the bathroom door yet again, Miranda hopefully tried it, but once again it proved out of order. Her bladder throbbed, and she hurried away to find James. Just wait for him out by the dumpster, retrieve the keychain, and she'd be in business.

The only concern was how long it would take if he wasn't already there. This would quickly prove to be the least of her worries for the moment, as a sudden foreign voice in her ear called “Hello?”. In her rush to leave her post, she had kept her earpiece on. The earpiece connected to the drive thru's speakers. An earpiece Paulo neither had, nor had been given an opportunity to retrieve. A customer was waiting while she selfishly sought out a bathroom, and Paulo was either oblivious or trying to figure out what to do.

Miranda very nearly swore loudly into the mic, but managed to catch herself and instead choke out a rushed "Ah hello! W-welcome to Burger Tron, may I t-take your order?" while she practically sprinted back to the window, bladder protesting with each step, but otherwise forgotten.

"Uh yeah, can I get uhhhh...two number nines...a number nine large..." began the voice on the other end, sounding like a gruff old dog who was perfectly content with taking his time. Miranda got back to the window and replaced Paulo well before the dog had finished his order, and stood there for about a minute after, listening to him drone on.

"...one with cheese...and uhhhhh, a large soda." The customer finally finished.

"Wh-what flavor soda?" Miranda asked, forcing a nervous grin.

"Uhhh, you kids still have 'Booya Blast'?"

"N-no sir, that was discontinued months ago."

"Aww shit. What do you have then?"

For fuck's sake...

By the time the order had been taken, prepared, and handed off to the customer, Miranda found herself in a painful position. Whether it was the coffee or the nervousness or both, her bladder now painfully ached. Customers were starting to line up too, given plenty of time to build up behind the dog. Thankfully Paulo was still waiting patiently, and after apologizing profusely, Miranda passed the earpiece. "There, sorry. S-still need you to cover, also do you k-know where James is?"

"Uh, saw him heading to the back door with another load of trash a minute ago."

Finally, things were starting to look up. Miranda thanked him and ran off, hopefully for the last time, in the direction of her salvation. Every step caused her bladder to slosh around, and she began seriously holding herself once out of sight to try avoiding an unfortunate accident. She stepped carefully, but speed was more important at this stage of the game. By the time she arrived at the back door, she nearly doubled over, squeezing her thighs relentlessly to regain control, before pushing the door open.

"JAMES, KEYS!"

James had been hovering over a bag of trash attempting to tie it, and the sudden outburst from his superior made him jump. He looked over at her, but quickly realized something else and returned to the bag with a look of fear on his face.

"James, what are you doing?!" She demanded, expecting him to do literally anything else.

"I'm sorry!" he called, "but I think I just dropped the keys in the bag!"

"You WHAT?!" she nearly yelled.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you made me jump and I lost my grip!" he apologized again, frantically digging through the bag.

This was perhaps the worst turn of events Miranda could've had that day. She could've been doubling back to the bathroom by now, keys in hand. Instead, she had inadvertently caused the employee trusted with them to drop them into a metaphorical haystack, and now stood there watching while she furiously gripped her crotch and resisted the urge to potty dance. A number of poor decisions had led to this moment, and now she was paying the price. She just wished it wouldn't end the way she expected it.

"I'll...be by the b-bathrooms," she choked out. "Bring them th-there when you...f-find them." Miranda was sure the desperation in her voice was obvious, as though her strange poses didn't give James enough of a hint, but that didn't matter anymore. She just hoped and prayed this would only take a second as she carefully doubled back.

Suddenly, a thought crossed her mind. There was no chance of it working, and it would be slightly embarrassing if she was caught, but anything was better than wetting her pants at this point. With a shaky hand, she reached for the doorknob to the men's bathroom. With a shaky breath she turned it, and was never more delighted for a doorknob to work in her entire life. For reasons beyond her knowledge, or care, the men's room just happened to be unlocked. Questions would come later, right now she needed to GO.

Miranda's rush to the toilet was a blur, but in a flash she managed to get the door closed and the light on before starting on undoing her lower garments. She remembered the apron around her front side, and began furiously and awkwardly tearing it off, tossing it on the floor once it was off. In that time she barely began to lose control, small drops of urine coming out into her panties. On the absolute verge of losing it, Miranda tore down everything around her waist and slammed her quivering ass on the freshly cleaned toilet.

"Hhhhhooooohhhhhhhhh..." Miranda moaned loudly as she finally relaxed. Fresh urine began gushing from her tortured bladder, splashing loudly in the toilet bowl and filling the entire bathroom with an almost hissing sound. The stress of the situation rapidly drained away into the toilet, while the ache in her deflating bladder disappeared too. Composing herself, Miranda let out a much quieter and more dignified huff of relief as she leaned forward on the toilet and rested her elbows on her lap.

Peeing furiously, Miranda allowed herself to relax, sitting there contentedly while she listened to the noisy ‘pppwfffsshhhh’ of her bladder emptying. She urinated close to a full minute, before the final drops fell into the yellow-tinted bowl. Sighing one last time, she looked down to inspect the damage. A small damp spot was left on her panties which wouldn't be comfortable, but would dry quickly and hadn't been given the chance to soak through anything else. Reaching behind, Miranda flushed the toilet and swiftly returned her pants and underwear to their proper position. Grabbing her apron off the floor, she fixed it up and put it back on, then went over to the sinks to wash her hands, remembering the health & safety sign that had been burned into her brain at this point.

Feeling much more refreshed, and with a small spring in her step, Miranda left the bathroom, nearly bumping into James who had been standing around awkwardly with the keys in his hand. "Oh, there you are! I'm so sorry again, here's the keys, thankfully it didn't take me too long to find...them..." he trailed off, noticing where she had come from. "Uh, did you?" he wondered aloud, realizing immediately after what a poor decision it was to ask. "I mean-"

"It's fine," Miranda huffed. "These things happen."

“I’m sorry,” James spoke dolefully, “It’s my fault for not opening that door earlier today. I was rushing to use the bathroom myself and forgot to unlock the other one and…”

"You're fine James,” cutting off his ongoing excuse, “Most of it was my fault anyway."

Grabbing the keychain from his hand, she began carefully and wordlessly retrieving the only key James was in need of. As she prepared to hand it back to him, she glared at him coldly. "None of this ever happened, got it?"

He laughed nervously. "Sure thing boss!"

*001*2022-02-14 14:29

Afterparty Peril

&&

"Seeya! Thanks for coming!" Rachel waved enthusiastically as the last pair of friends she had invited over left her house, blowing a kiss and laughing as they waved one last time before setting off down the sidewalk. Closing the door, Rachel turned around and felt her excitement drain away as she stared at the living room that had just been ravaged by several hours of alcohol-fueled celebration. "Now for the fun part..." she murmured.

As it usually was after such a party, the house was trashed, with everything from food scraps to streamers littering the floor. Her parents wouldn't be home for another two hours or so, but such a mess would take close to that amount of time to clean up. Sighing, Rachel bent down towards the nearest piece of litter, only to gasp and freeze as she felt a sudden rush of pressure.

Ah yeah...gotta piss...Rachel realized. She had tried her best to keep sober, but eventually gave in to several cans of beer, followed by several glasses of water as someone needed to keep a lid on such unruly activities. Her bladder suffered as a result, though a lingering alcohol buzz and the job of having to see off all the partygoers had left her ignorant until now. Obviously unable to do much of anything with such a crushing weight in her abdomen, Rachel gently grabbed herself and hurried up the stairs to the only toilet in the house.

Panting as she got to the top of the stairs, Rachel paused and felt her legs involuntarily bend to keep herself dry. With a quiet whine, she hurried to the bathroom door, only to gasp as she saw someone familiar laying next to the toilet. "Paulo!?"

Bodily needs temporarily forgotten, Rachel bent down next to her friend and looked him over. Thankfully he was not injured, but seemed to be blackout drunk. Feeling her bladder remind her of her predicament, she gaped at the unconscious figure as realization set in. "Hey Pauloooo, you there?" she asked nicely, waiting a few seconds for a response. When none came she slapped him. "Paulo! Come on!" she whined, but his only response was a nigh-inaudible moan followed by his head falling onto his shoulder from the force of the slap. Scratch that plan.

Groaning, Rachel grabbed Paulo by the arms, and attempted to drag him out of the bathroom. Unused to lifting such weights, she struggled for a moment, putting more and more effort in until her bladder alerted her that it wasn't a good idea to go any further. Letting go, she grabbed herself again to prevent an accident, grimacing as she stared at the dead weight that vastly complicated what was supposed to be a simple toilet trip.

Feeling sweat on her forehead, Rachel found her eyes drifting to the toilet. Ugh I gotta go...not like he's in any state to know, r-right? Keeping her eyes glued to the sleeping figure, Rachel ever so carefully backed up to the toilet, briskly pulling down her shorts and panties and lowering herself at a snail's pace such that no sound was made by her large ass enveloping the porcelain seat.

Now finally perched on the toilet, Rachel glanced at Paulo. Still fast asleep and hopefully would remain that way till she could finish relieving herself, though there was no telling what would happen. Time was of the essence, as was keeping quiet, though pissing full force into the bowl would certainly complicate that latter necessity. Rachel fidgeted, shifting back and forth on the toilet, her bladder aching and asking her to hurry up and make a decision. Perhaps the only other option was squatting outside, but with her pants down and her butt on the toilet, the psychological effect was strong enough that she doubted she could even make it down the stairs.

Resolving herself to take care of business right here, Rachel attempted to relax her hold. Slowly but carefully she attempted to let go, only to quickly realize something was wrong. "Really?" she hissed under her breath. Rachel was anything but pee shy, she used the school bathrooms to go both numbers all the time, and had slept multiple times with the orange feline that now threatened to interrupt her release, yet for the life of her she could not go. Taking some deep breaths, she relaxed as much as she could until finally a quick dribble made its way past her defenses. The sound of it splashing in the bowl cut through the silence of the bathroom and unnerved her as she once again gazed at Paulo's still form. Thankfully her brief release was just enough to shake things up, and the floodgates opened a moment later.

PPPSSSSSSSHHHHHHH! Rachel quickly covered her mouth to stop a moan as her tortured bladder finally began its release. Fresh urine poured from her nethers like a fire hose, hissing as it made contact with the water already in the bowl, rapidly adding a faint yellow tint to it. "Mmmmmff..." Rachel moaned into her fist, needing some way to express her relief in a way that wouldn't cut above the sound of her gushing stream. She gazed one more time at the still-unconscious intruder, before feeling safe enough to close her eyes and enjoy the sensation of her bladder deflating.

Despite the sheer volume of pee, the sound was not as bad as she expected. Keeping her thighs tightly closed helped a lot, muting the splashing in the pool below her, though loud enough that someone standing outside the door might be able to hear. The volume refused to waver for several seconds; though peeing as hard as she could, her bladder was so full that fully emptying it took close to a minute. Incredibly relieved, but growing used to the feeling, Rachel sighed as she rested her hands in her lap and softly bit her lip as she savored being empty again.

In her bliss, Rachel failed to notice a sudden stirring happening mere inches from her. "Rach?" A quiet voice spoke, just loud enough for her to notice. She gasped, fear cutting off her stream instantly as she whirled to face Paulo, the two locking their wide eyes.

Paulo slowly woke to two things: a pounding headache, and a strange sound of running water. As he opened his eyes to find one of his best friends using the toilet, the first melted away, and without thinking, he announced his presence. As the tension in the air became thick enough to cut with a knife, Paulo's alcohol-muddled neurons finally fired in just the right way for him to realize he was not welcome five minutes ago.

"FUCK, SORRY!" He yelled, hurriedly shielding his eyes and picking himself up off the bathroom floor. That latter part didn't go so well as he found his legs to be half asleep, causing him to trip and slam against the floor before managing to properly stand up and bolt for the exit. He paused at the door frame to turn around and awkwardly wave to her. "Sorrybabe, greatpartyseeyaaround!" he fired off, before sprinting downstairs towards the front door.

Still on the toilet, Rachel watched the door with a thousand yard stare, listening as Paulo bumbled his way downstairs, cursing and banging against furniture. Upon hearing the door slam, Rachel remained still for a moment longer before uncontrollable laughter took her.

*004*2022-03-31 19:17

&&

Make-way Model

(Pic unrelated, no pregnancy in this story)

Aaaaand, there! Perfect!

Sandy smiled at her reflection in the mirror as she finished brushing a lock of black hair and let it fall around her shoulder. Another day, another photoshoot to attend. Such was the life of a model. She'd barely woken up a few minutes ago, and was already stuck in front of the bathroom mirror beautifying herself, mostly on the insistence of her mom. Thankfully the hair was the hard part, and that was all done. Reaching for a tube of lipstick, Sandy leaned forward to apply it.

As she leaned in to dress her lips, Sandy felt a sudden uncomfortable pressure down where the bathroom counter pressed against her abdomen. With a frown she pulled back, realizing in her hurry to get ready she hadn't gotten a chance to pee yet, and her body was finally catching up.

Sandy leaned in once more, being mindful of where she placed her lower body this time, and quickly applied the lipstick. Grabbing her bow, she swiftly fixed her hair and applied the accessory, before stepping over to the toilet to lift the lid. Spinning around, she began to undo the button on her skirt, only to be interrupted by a sudden knock on the door.

"Sandra! Are you done yet? We have to get going!"

Sandy jumped. Already? "Uh, almost, I just have to-"

"Whatever it is, it can wait!" her mom cut back. "We're going to be late!"

Retrieving her phone from her pocket, Sandy checked the time and grimaced. She hadn't realized how much time she'd spent here already. "Uhh okay mom, but can I ju-"

"No buts! I'm going to go get the car started," came the final reply before her mom's shoes clattered away.

Feeling her bladder ache, Sandy had half a mind to drop her underwear and go anyway, but she had already upset her mom enough for the day. Sighing, she left the bathroom and hurriedly gathered together everything she needed for the photoshoot, before hurrying downstairs and out the front door where her mom had already backed out of the garage. After locking the front door she hopped in the passenger seat and began strapping herself in as her mom immediately started backing out.

As they set off down the road, Sandy was immediately treated to a short lecture by her mom, first a quick scolding for not being punctual, followed by a lecture of what was expected of her at this specific photoshoot. It was a much more high-profile photoshoot than the ones she was used to; she'd be on the cover of a famous regional fashion magazine. What was expected of her was pretty straightforward, as it wasn't her first job like this, what was relevant to her predicament though was an emphasis on being punctual, as being even a minute late would be noticed. That, and she wouldn't be allowed to leave till it was over. Realization began to set in as she regretted not putting aside time for a toilet break.

The rest of the car ride was painfully quiet, as Sandy wallowed in regret. Her bladder was unusually full, and the bumps in the road began to get to her. It was roughly a half hour drive to the modeling firm, and according to the firm, she had to be ready in that amount of time. She had planned on peeing when she got there, and indeed would have to, she just hoped there would be ample time to relieve herself upon arrival. She valued her job, and dared not upset her mom, but there was no way she could hold this for an entire photoshoot.

With phone in one hand, and the other subtly pressing against her crotch, Sandy began increasingly nervous as they approached their destination, time becoming increasingly tight. Thankfully her mom was content to drop her off at the front of the building before going to find parking. Grabbing a small bag of necessities, Sandy hurried up the steps, feeling her bladder throb with every step, but not having much choice in the matter. Arriving at the receptionist's desk, she once again checked her phone. 2 minutes to go. Too close for comfort, but theoretically enough time.

"H-hello, appointment with Mr. Wake?" Sandy huffed.

The receptionist looked up. "Sandra, correct?"

"Yes."

"Down the hall to my right, third door on the left."

"Th-thank you. Also d-do you know where there's a bathroom?"

The receptionist pointed to a bathroom door she had missed on the way in. Sandy thanked her and hurried off towards it. Feeling her bladder throb, she began openly grabbing herself as she burst through the door, rushing towards the nearest stall. There was no one else in the bathroom and she was being rushed in more ways than one, and thus decided not to waste precious seconds closing the door. She'd be on full display if someone happened to walk in, but right now she needed to go.

With a whine, Sandy popped the button on her skirt and tore down her undergarments, feeling herself start to leak as she hovered her butt above the toilet. The floodgates opened and she fell upon the edge of the toilet with a strained sigh, a loud clattering echoing below her as she began gushing pee into the modeling firm toilet. The ache in her bladder subsided as she flooded the bowl with fresh urine, while the sounds of her relief echoed off the walls of the whole bathroom.

Despite the euphoria of relief, Sandy was still in a hurry. Ripping off some toilet paper to have ready, she whipped out her phone and checked the time. The two minutes had already elapsed and she was due to be in the manager's office right now. A fearful chill ran down her spine, but her bladder was still full and she was greedy for relief. She strained, hoping to hurry it along, and while the hissing of her pee intensified, it did little to actually help. The minute ticked over seconds before the last drops fell out, leaving her to quickly dry her crotch and redress herself, before hurrying out of the bathroom without even flushing or washing her hands.

Remembering the instructions from earlier, Sandy practically ran down the hall, slowing down only at the door to her manager to compose herself before calmly stepping inside. "Hello Mr. Wake! Sorry I'm late!"

Sitting at a desk on the other side of the room, her manager looked up and immediately waved his hand. "Ah, don't worry Miss Sandra, a minute late is nothing to be sorry about, traffic's bad today anyway. If anything, you're early..."

Sandy struggled not to scream.

*006*2022-04-09 13:37

&&

Movie Night Mishap

"Whole theater to ourselves again?" Oh Amaya, you do know how to pull some strings."

Sue and Amaya chuckled to each other in the empty lobby of the Roseville Cinema. It was late on a Monday night, with practically no one around, and closing time soon; an opportunity Amaya had used to convince her father, the theater manager, to reserve one of the screens for the two friends to have a movie night. With buckets of popcorn, extra-large drinks, and some candy in hand, the two sauntered down the theater hallway to the big screen.

Amaya had only recently gotten off work, and still wore her theater outfit out of laziness. The last minutes of her shift had been spent getting everything in order while she waited for Sue to arrive, the rest had been left to her coworker, Emma, who she quickly waved to as they walked down the hall.

Arriving at a screening room at the end of the hall, the two friends hurried inside and took their seats right in the middle of the room. Close enough to see all the action without being too close. With plenty of room and the assurance that someone else would clean it up later, the two did all they could to get as comfy as possible in the reclining leather seats, watching and waiting as the lights grew dark and the film began without delay.

"No previews either? Sweet!" Sue grinned, eliciting a smile from Amaya.

As the introduction began to roll, the two friends began to dig into their snacks. The film in question was a romcom that had previewed a week ago to lukewarm reviews. Not the first choice for a movie night, but the premise was interesting enough, and the empty theater meant they could spend more time laughing and making fun of the absurdity on screen than any of the actual jokes.

Per usual, most of the snacks and drinks were consumed in the first half of the film. The candy was the first to go, with half of the salty popcorn consumed afterwards to counter the overwhelming sweet, finally followed by soda to quench the thirst. Soon they were both sick of the taste, only occasionally snacking or sipping past the film's halfway point. The film itself was enjoyable, though nothing special, and would certainly be forgotten before long. For the time being though, it provided them with a source of laughter and a distraction from the school day they had to look forward to tomorrow.

As a scene with particularly bad acting finished on screen and the film began to enter the final stretch, Sue reached for her soda. Finding mostly bubbles she realized, with some surprise, she had consumed the entire thing. Leaning forward to drop it into the empty popcorn bucket at her feet, she felt an uncomfortable squeezing in her abdomen. To no surprise, she needed to pee. Certainly not an uncommon occurrence when seeing a movie, but she normally didn't drink an entire extra-large soda, and only accepted it upon Amaya's insistence. A trip to the bathroom after the movie was in order, as holding this till she got home would be foolish, if not impossible.

Though there was no reason to bring it up now, Sue suspected (and was indeed correct) that Amaya was in the same boat. Amaya had also gotten herself an extra large, and while she couldn't handle drinking the whole thing, she also had neglected to take a toilet break before the movie, though that was mostly due to not having any urges. Work and school meant Amaya had much more experience holding, though she would also need to relieve herself first thing after the movie was over.

For the time being, bathroom urges were forgotten as the film entered its climax. Despite some questionable jokes and dialogue, the final few scenes had some surprisingly competent storytelling. The last few minutes contained some surprising amount of action. Sue was literally on the edge of her seat, though half of it was due to trying to subtly grab herself; her bladder was filling faster than she expected.

With the final scene fading away to credits, Sue quickly stood up to stretch her legs and arms. This was quickly abandoned as her new posture and movements put undue stress on her bladder, causing a grimace. "Well, that was actually pretty good, thanks again Amaya!" Sue announced, rubbing her thighs together. "Now then, I really gotta use the bathroom, you coming?"

Amaya nodded vigorously as she stood up, feeling a bit rushed herself. Being less rushed than Sue though, Amaya began picking up the empty drinks and candy wrappers left on the seats. "Er, could we come back for those?" Sue pleaded, "I uh, actually gotta go pretty bad..."

With an understanding look, Amaya nodded, leading the way back to the main lobby as Sue scurried after. Each step jiggled her bladder, though she managed to keep a natural gait as they came to the lobby and made a beeline for the bathrooms. The two were about to step inside and make a dash for a stall, only to have their hopes crushed as the door mysteriously refused to budge.

"Damn it! Locked? Really?" Sue whined, feeling her bladder protest. "I think your coworker forgot we're here...Amaya, you have a key right?"

Feeling a bit worried now herself, Amaya produced a keychain from her back pocket that had been given to every employee. On it were a disturbing number of keys, some of which were missing their label, and would take way too long to go through. She did recognize one though, and upon closely inspecting it, showed it to Sue. Labeled "employee bathroom" it might just prove to be their salvation. Amaya hurried off, Sue right behind, and both now openly grabbing themselves.

Behind the refreshments counter, through a door, and down the hall a ways was the employee break room. This too was locked, but the key for it also happened to be labeled. Inside was a modest kitchen area, with some couches, and a bathroom door in the corner. Their goal apparent, the two burst through the door to find a cramped bathroom with only a single toilet.

Amaya had known of this, but Sue did not. "Ohhhhhh, really? C-can you hold it Amaya?" Sue asked. A worthless question as she was already greedily approaching the toilet. "Cause I c-can't!" Lifting the seat, Sue swung her butt around and slammed herself down, sighing loudly as a loud clattering began to echo from the porcelain throne.

"Yesss..." Sue moaned, a smile of relief on her face as her bladder started gushing into the waters below. The clattering became a hiss as she sprayed the toilet, her bladder deflating with a feeling of bliss. Realizing what she was doing though, she looked up to see Amaya worriedly looking at her. "R-right, sorry Amaya. Couldn't hold it any longer. You gonna be alright?"

Amaya hesitantly nodded. She could still hold it a while longer, but the sounds of Sue's relief were starting to wear on her mentally, and she began slowly dancing from leg to leg. Sue hardly noticed, still peeing furiously. Resting her hands in her lap, Sue allowed herself to close her eyes as the dull ache in her bladder faded away. The sounds of urination echoed off the bathroom walls for close to a minute, followed by a dreamy sigh and the sound of toilet paper ripping. Drying her crotch, Sue finally stood up, leaving the toilet for her friend. "All yours Amaya."

Having already undone her pants for this moment, Amaya gratefully dashed past Sue, swiftly tearing down her theater outfit bottomwear and planting her small striped butt on the edge of the toilet. Letting out a rare vocalization of relief, the orange tabby began to empty her bladder as well, mouth hanging open in a smile as her pee splashed into the toilet with half the volume, yet the same intensity of Sue's stream moments before. For anyone else this would be embarrassing, but the two were good enough friends and this was a fairly common occurrence, though rarely with this level of desperation.

While her friend relieved herself, Sue went over to the sink to wash her hands. The weak pouring of the faucet was overshadowed by the sounds coming from the toilet just a meter away, which persisted long after Sue finished. Where Sue had peed close to a minute, Amaya easily went over. She could hold an impressive amount if need be, and this was no exception. Sue leaned against the wall, averting her gaze while she waited for Amaya to finish. As Amaya's stream drew to a close, she too dried her crotch, then reached behind to flush the toilet before pulling her pants up.

"Sorry again Amaya, feel better now though?" Sue asked, receiving a vigorous nod in response. Chuckling, Sue waited for Amaya to wash her hands as well before they left the bathroom to go help Amaya lock up before they left. They could not shake the feeling they had forgotten something, but figured it wasn't important, and was someone else's problem anyway.

*008*2022-11-18 14:50

&&

Rule 63 of Blackouts:

KAA-BOOOOOOOOOOMM!!!

"Ahhhh!" Paula yelled as she shot up in her bed, woken suddenly by a tremendous boom not unlike a bomb going off. The house vibrated from the shockwave. Heart racing, Paula frantically looked around the pitch black bedroom, wondering if war had been declared while she was asleep. It wasn't until her eyes settled on the window, where she realized the more likely source of the sound. A sudden flash of lighting illuminated the room and the torrential downpour outside. The much softer thunderclap that soon followed finally reassured her of what really happened.

"Goddammit..." Paula mumbled, carefully laying back down in her bed. Hoping the thunder that woke her to be an exception to the many she had slept through so far, she pulled the covers back over herself and tried to return to sleep while she let the rhythm of the pouring rain soothe her nerves. She closed her eyes...

...And reopened them a second later. For some reason this position was uncomfortable. Paula rolled on her side, but found it didn't help. It took her a second to realize, but the sudden movement had agitated something in her lower body. The Somali girl quietly groaned and rubbed her thighs. Ugh, of course...

Slowly getting back up, Paula grimaced as she felt her full bladder stretch and strain as she sat up in her bed. No way I can sleep like this. And of course it was raining. This was not her night. Needing to take care of business sooner rather than later, she cautiously threw her legs over the side of the bed and reached to where she knew the light switch was.

Paula found herself quite confused when the room was no bathed in light. Flicking it a few more times produced the same result. A blackout too? Uggghhhh! Her tail swished around nervously as she pondered what to do. She was too poor to have a phone, but she kept a flashlight under her bed for emergencies like this. Unfortunately she never considered how she'd actually find it with the lights out, and her bladder was too full to waste time digging around. Whatever, I know this house. Bathroom's just down the hall. Paula finally stood up, feeling her abdomen ache with the sudden shift. Cmon, gotta pee.....

Making it to the doorway was the easy part. As she stepped out into the hallway, barely able to see, the bathroom suddenly seemed far away. Paula knew the house well enough, but now she had to navigate her way down the hall, with nothing but her sense of touch, and a good enough idea of the hallway to guide her.

With one hand pressed tightly against her panties, Paula squeezed her groin and used her free hand to guide her along the wall. She moved quickly and carelessly at first due to her haste, only to stop as she wondered what would happen if her foot met something laying in the hallway. If she tripped, it was over. She carefully probed the area in front of her with her feet, before inching forward.

For a few agonizing minutes, Paula slowly crept her way towards the bathroom. Half of what she could think of was how much she needed to pee, a need growing worse by the second now that she was awake and moving, and the constant pounding of rain on the roof did nothing to help. She quickly moved along, sweeping the floor with her foot, before stepping forward, sliding her hand along the wall and taking note of how many doors she passed. Every so often a thunderclap would ring out, but the lack of any windows in the hallway denied her much-needed illumination.

At long last, Paula found the open door to what she knew was the bathroom. Hurrying inside, she began carefully stepping over to the toilet, still sweeping the ground in front of her each time. When her foot touched something solid, she groped around in front of her, feeling the familiar form of the toilet. Finding something to be slightly off, she wrapped her fingers around a thin object and listened to the resulting clunk as she lifted the seat cover. That could've been bad.

Satisfied, and feeling ready to burst, Paula stood up, twirled around, and threw down her panties as she carefully planted her orange cheeks upon the porcelain throne. A deep sigh escaped her lips as her folds parted and she began immediately gushing urine into the toilet, her bladder unable to wait for her to adjust herself. "Finally...." she whispered, leaning forward on the toilet and biting her lip in ecstasy as her fears and worries of the night drained away into the toilet, with a sound that rivaled the pouring rain outside.

While the dull ache in her abdomen blissfully faded away, Paula reached for some toilet paper in preparation to dry her crotch. Her probing finally found an empty cardboard roll, to which she cursed under her breath. Twisting around on the toilet, she carefully felt for a spare roll on the back of the toilet, or lying somewhere on the floor nearby, but found nothing. Not in the mood to drip dry...hmmm.

A bad idea suddenly crossed her mind. It would be a bit gross, but at this point she just wanted to get back to bed. Paula carefully removed her panties from around her legs, bunched them up, and grimaced as she pressed the fabric against her crotch. She grimaced, but the underwear did the job well. Pinching it delicately, she finally sat up from the toilet, feeling refreshed, and began carefully making her way out of the bathroom.

Making it back without the pressure of a full bladder was considerably easier, albeit just as slow. When she finally got back to her bedroom, she felt around for her laundry pile and discarded the damp underwear. A flash of lightning illuminated the room a second later, to a bit of annoyance, but the reminder of the room's layout let her swiftly return to bed. As she pulled the covers over her, Paula finally relaxed and waited for sleep to take her.

*009*2023-05-25 23:40

I wrote this roughly the same time as my friend wrote the above. Had to prioritize life for a good while, enjoy.

During the dark dreches of the night, the town slept peacefully. Black clouds surrounded the midnight sky, blocking any moonlight. Without missing a beat, like a flip of a switch, plasma sparks erupted, overtaking the gentle glow of the sky with its own bombastic brand of light. The lightning sent screeching roars, upsetting the peace. Mother nature continues its tantrum, descending heavy droplets of rain, fierce enough to crack the crust of the earth . If the rampant, raging rapids outside didn’t alarm anyone, their smartphones casting an emergency flash flood certainly would.

Amongst the several panicked and restless citizens, a female Somali gasped, wide awake, as if a nightmare nearly took over. Catching her breath, she scanned her surroundings to no avail. To her left would be an alarm clock, but its red lights failed to glow, pitch blackness has taken over the whole town. Clutching her blanket, Paula laid back down, shivering, hiding herself under the covers. Not that she was afraid of the dark… it’s not morning yet, why would she get up.

The exact time was an uncertainty, but it felt like forever, failing to go back to sleep. As she struggled in bed, her covers twisted and twirled, contorting into an unruly tornado. The sound of rain pounding on the window pane was like hundreds of thirsty boys knocking for attention, to put frankly, it was difficult to keep away from that distraction. Distinct from the crashing tides was a calmer drip, forming its puddle on the window sill, as slow as a grandfather clock ticking. To make matters worse, each drop was a pang to her bladder. Paula cursed herself for indulging in a 2 liter of Blasto Soda before bed. She truly wanted to hold it in till morning came, beautiful sunshine to lead the way to a new tomorrow. But as another piercing flash of lightning streaks the room, her body jolts and thinks to herself, no more.

Lifting the covers off of her, her vision had to adjust to the blackness encompassing the room. Feet blindly reaching the floor, she got down on all fours and searched for a flashlight. Moving her hand swiftly, she smacks it against a support pole for the bed. The impact rattled the area, a long foreign object in the shadows collapsed down onto the poor Somali’s head. Recoiled in pain, she crawls backwards and examines the thing that hit her. It was her baseball bat, now thrown to the side in an act of annoyance.

Reaching out, her hand gropes empty air before feeling another round object. Its texture felt unusual for a light and with a brief moment of thought, Paula unhandled her dirty little secret and checked elsewhere. Eventually, her scouring was rewarded, hiding behind the clutter was her flashlight. Upon a flick of a switch, a radiant cone would burst out from the glass, but she remained in the dark. A smack and a bop, followed by a shakedown changed nothing. All the while, the droplets making their way inside compelled her pee to knock on the bladder walls, wanting to let out. Not wanting to feel that dreaded drip between her legs, Paula choosed to stand back up and tiptoe her way out of her room.

It was only a turn to her left and straight ahead, She steadily walked forward, reaching her arm out so her head wouldn’t get hit again. Feeling the solid wood, Paula moved her hand to the knob and heard the klunk of the lock. As if disturbing some sacred artifact, a loud, ghastly moan came from the other side. Her body trembled and shaked, slowly backing away from the door. Tufts of fur spiked up, wanting to leave their host behind as the scared cat dawdled to make a move.*CRRRRRZZZZZT* Synchronized with the lightning strike, another cry of anguish came from the door. Having no more of it, Paula bolted.

Running backwards, she banged onto the wall and fled down the staircase to her right. Instincts made her ignore her room, she had to get away, going as far as possible. Scrambling with her hands and feet, she miraculously finds the railing and proper landing to not fall.in the black abyss. The windows in the living room briefly lit the room as the storm rages on. Reaching the last step, her orange stripes streak through the room, zipping past the furniture, soon coming to a stop.

Checking behind her, there didn’t feel like there was anything following. But in her adrenaline, her legs buckle together and she could feel the dampness in between them. Pushing both of her hands under there, she tried what she could to hold back against the wave. The woman whined as she was in danger of wetting herself, ruining the carpet where she stood. Her eyes clenched, butt bent backwards, trying to stabilize and think where in the room she was. It was difficult to focus with the overbearing rain pouring and pounding into her thoughts.

Her house has another bathroom by the dining room, she had to be close. Opening her eyes, her surroundings still haven’t come into sight. Extending out her arm, she bangs the wall and weakens her hold, a spurt escapes. Whining from the blow, she uses her new info to tread slowly and feel for a different texture to find the bathroom door. Paula continued to tiptoe as her urge was critical, one more careless move and she could spill. Trailing her fingers slowly against the wall, she felt pictures and soon a convex corner. Her teeth gritted as she searched for the door, it was so close. Around the corner, Paula felt the touch of wood and quickly the metal knob. Opening the door, the cat turned and reached down for the porcelain with her tail.

Unfortunately, her rear end appendage touched the cool water, shocking her body again. Before anymore urine prematurely leaves her body, her butt tackled down to the seat. Amongst the clatter of water outside rivals a jet of piss echoing throughout the house. Her whines turned into a moan of relief, the pressure in her abdomen rushing out. The water inside the bowl gradually changed to a golden color almost like her fur. *PANG* Almost jealous of the woman’s own rain, mother nature striked down furiously and the pelting rain became louder.

Her stream sprayed sporadically and harder from the blast As she sat, Paula played with her frilled fur, unable to rest her body from the nerves of it all. Thinking to herself, she took in some amusement in how loud her piss. Maybe it was the darkness that enhanced her hearing. Wrapping her toilet paper around, her torrent became a drizzle, slowly tapering off. Using a second dose of paper for her legs too, it came to her attention that she never closed the door. It was a bit embarrassing, but there was no one to see her do her business and even if there was, she couldn’t see them. All her past thoughts and worries were thrown into the can and flushed away.

As she stepped out of the washroom, her vision came clear. Walking back upstairs, she noticed the floor was a bit wet at some spots. Tired as she was, she still made an effort to use some towels to patch up before heading back to bed. As she kneeled down, the bathroom nearby opened up. A large orange furred man emerged half yawning half in pain. Nodding at her presence, he briefly told his daughter good night as he stomped back to his bedroom. Keeping her sigh inside, Paula finished up her cleaning and hopped back into bed to hopefully get some better sleep.

