Wet Note: Re-Run

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2023-01-03 08:16

Here I am, after my repeated Site Hiatuses, back on my bullshit again. Let's see if I can get a few more chapters out this time around, instead of just one or two, lmao.

###

"Hm? A notebook...?"

Something that had seemed so mundane, so regular, so everyday on campus had caught the attention of one of the students, a boy with curled, almost wavy brown hair. Though a dropped book here or there didn't usually garner much interest, what was different about this one was the location...

"Who tosses their books in the school fountain?" He grumbled to himself, bending over the stone reservoir and fishing it out with two fingers pinching the bottom corner of the book. "I mean, littering is straight up not coo- That's weird."

The boy turned the book over in his hand as he settled it into his other hand, cracking it open to peer inside. In spite of being submerged in knee-deep waters not even ten seconds prior, the book was startlingly, strangely dry and deprived of even the faintest hints of moisture. The brown haired boy flipped through the pages that fluttered with ease, not even a single one marred or struck by even a drop of residual water. Though the majority of the pages were blank, as he came to the front of the notebook, there were a few pages with several things written in them...

"Shu! C'mon, we're going to be late!"

Another voice, belonging to a girl with shimmering silver hair called out to the boy, who quickly closed the book, and tucked it under his arm.

"Ah, right. I'm coming!" he responded, starting into the building without giving much thought to the strange book.

Shu, (Mashuda Michiru) was a second year at Megamino University, who always felt like he barely qualified as a student. Through a lucky drawing of applications, coupled with a few whispers from one of his grandparents with connections, he'd been accepted into a decently prestigious university. However, as much as he enjoyed the 'Challenging Enviorment' his grandparents had pushed him into (It ranked just behind the feeling of wet socks), he couldn't help but try to at least pass, if not excel at his studies. In fact, he didn't see many reasons to work hard in schools...

"C'mon Shu! I've been waiting up here for ages!"

Though, the shining, smiling face of his insistent classmate was definitely one of them. She was a few inches shorter than him, coming up to his chin (If she stood on her tiptoes), and had long hair that changed colors (and shampoos) every other week or so.

This week, it was a brilliant silvery-blue.

"Sorry Noel." he apologized, rubbing the back of his head. "Didn't get my morning fix of Caffeine."

"Oh, I've got an extra can of Cola from the vending machine." Noel responded, digging into her bag, and pulling out a red can. "You want it?"

"Eh... Sure." Shu murmured, reaching up to grab the can, as Noel pulled it back, as if holding it out of his reach.

"Only if you ask me nicely." She replied. "Say 'May I have your extra cola, Please?'"

"On second thought, I'm good."

"Ah! Don't be mean, Shu!"

The brown haired boy chuckled softly as the silverette pouted up at him, prompting him to give her an easy smile.

"Alright... May i have your extra cola, please, Miss...Who are you today?" Shu added, as the girl lightly twirled... In a grey blazer, with a deep blue skirt that went down over her knees.

"Oh, today's outfit is Anna Nishikinomiya!" Noel mused, running her hands through her hair. "The show she's from is a bit... Well, um, do you like it?"

"I think it's cute." Shu remarked lightly, looking the girl over once more. "Though, I don't know where you get the money for all of these cosplays."

"That's...a girl's secret." Noel remarked, giving a small gesture with her finger over her lips. "Now come on... Drink your cola, and let's get to class."

"Alright, thanks again Miss Nishishimiya." he added, cracking the can held out to him with a finger, and tilting it back.

"It's Nishikinomiya! You need to listen better!"

###

It wasn't until about an hour into a history lecture that Shu could not honestly care less about, that he remembered the strange book he'd found in the school fountain.

Thumbing through his bag, and being in the far corner of the classroom, Shu felt it was (Probably) safe enough to dig it out for a closer look, opening it to the front pages once more, and starting to glance at it, in lieu of listening to another lecture about ancient civilizations...

[Wet Note: Rules and Stipulations]

He raised an eyebrow at the title, wondering what it meant by that, as he kept glancing downward, his fingers twirling his pen as he glanced over.

[Rule 1: The person whose name is written in a wet note will involuntarily Empty Their bladder.]

'Ah.. This must be like that one show Noel was talking about..' he thought, remembering the blonde cosplay she wore, with a bunch of leather.

[Rule 2: A person must be pictured as their name is written, or the note will not take effect. This is to prevent unaffiliated people from being stricken with undesired fates]

'Makes sense..' he thought, continuing his reading.

[Rule 3: If a person's name is written down again within an hour of being affected by a Wet Note, all incidents written within the hour-cooldown in a Wet Note are voided.]

'Well, I imagine the body would have to have time to recover..' he thought to himself, scrawling in small circles on the edge of the paper.

[Rule 4: When writing a person's name, one can specify specific occurrences that will unfold during the process of voiding their bladder (Within a two minute time frame of finishing the written's name). So long as the written occurrences are possible, they shall occur. Should the occurrences be impossible, through physical or environmental factors surrounding the written, the written will simply void their bladder after forty seconds.]

'Well shoot, there goes breaking the laws of physics.' he jokingly bemoaned internally, as he kept reading..

[Rule 5: Specified occurrences may only be dictated for a time period of up to twelve hours after the name is written. (And cease upon the voiding of the bladder). This is to ensure the written cannot be controlled for excessive periods of time without being able to relive themselves, and horribly endanger their bodily processes.]

'...You know, I never did know how long someone could hold it.' he thought to himself, as he glanced down at the last few rules in turn.

[Rule 6: A person cannot be affected by a Wet Note more than Twice in a single 24 hour span. In the event of a person's name being written multiple times in that period, only the first one written will take effect]

[Rule 7: A person must be of the legal ages of consent to be affected by the Wet Note]

[Rule 8: Those who are in possession of a Wet Note cannot have their names revealed by the eyes of an Omogami* [See: Gami-eyes deal on page 3 for furthe det-

"Michiru! Who was the world's most successful pirate in history?" the teacher's voice called out, prompting Shu to shut the strange book, and look attentive for a few seconds.

"Uh, Monkey The Luff-something?" he remarked, prompting a fit of laughter from the other students.

"Wha-No!" the teacher snapped. "Seriously, I know you're not interested in history, but can you at least pretend to care when I'm up here pouring my heart out?"

"Yeah, sorry.." he mumbled, sliding the book down into his bag as he settled into class... Still barely listening, as his mind scattered over the weird book..

'Wet Note, hm?'

###

"Man, Mister Harada was really on your ass today, Shu." Noel's voice called, leaning forward on a table. "What were you doing that pissed him off so much?"

"I was just reading.." Shu started, quietly. "Some book i picked up earlier today.."

"Is it a good one?" Noel added, prompting the boy to pause for a few moments..

On one hand, that kind of thing just screamed 'Deep Dark Secret', but on the other hand...

"Well.. It kind of reminded me of that one show you were talking about... The one where you were the blonde, leather girl?"

"Blonde leather...?" Noel paused and pondered, as Shu just leaned over, and pulled out the black notebook. "Oh! You mean Des-Ah!"

"Someone tossed it in the fountain." Shu flatly remarked, opening the book. "Though, it doesn't seem to be meant for killing people. It's more..."

Noel grasped the book and tugged it over to her, eyes skimming over.

"It's a... 'Wet Note'?" she read out, tilting her head. "Weird... I've never heard of that. And, you said it was in the fountain?"

"Yeah, but it's really.."

"Dry?" She added, letting the pages flutter. "Yeah... You sure this is the same book?"

"Of course it is. Why would I lie?" he snapped, as the girl glanced over it once more.

"Do you think it works?" She asked, as Shu leaned forward in his seat.

"Obviously not. It's probably some other cosplayer's prop." he added, glancing it over from the outside. "I mean, why else would it just be left behind like that?"

"Well, we could always..."

"....Always what?" Shu asked, furrowing his brow, as Noel glanced over the book, and then up at him.

"We could...Test it out. See if it works.." she remarked, prompting a lunge from Shu who snatched the book out of her hands with his longer reach.

"You aren't writing my name in this thing." he snapped venomously, as the silverette pouted.

"Awww, but I wanna know if it works." She whined. "At least write my name in there! I gotta know!"

"You gotta know, or you gotta go?" he remarked flatly, as he glanced over it. "Besides, are we really going to know if it works just from a little writing? How do I know you won't just pretend it works, just to mess with me?"

"Ah, when have I ever?" Noel remarked indignantly, prompting Shu to narrow his eyes.

"There was the time you faked drinking poison at Halloween.." he started, quietly. "And there was the time made me dress up as that one guy with a weird mole that 'Totally attracted girls', and there was the time you pretended to be hypnotized..."

"Well, if you didn't ask me to flash my tits, I would have kept playing along." she poked back. "But noooo. You just had to make it weird."

"Puberty's a BITCH." Shu snapped back, glancing over the book. "Anyways, unless you can assure me that you won't just start peeing to pretend it works, I'm not writing in it."

"Do you really think I'd start peeing, out here in the open, where the world could see me?" Noel asked, earning a long...long silence.

....

"Rude." she muttered, averting her gaze as Shu glanced over once more, reading the rules about specifying things.

"Well... If you go pee right now, then I suppose, it's fine." he remarked. "You can't force out more after you go... Assuming you really do go, of course."

"Ah..Do you think I'd fake going to the bathroom?" She snapped, prompting another look from Shu. "....I wouldn't! Seriously wasn't thinking about it."

There was another silence, before Noel stood up.

"Alright, I'm going, I'm going. You can follow me if you don't believe me." she added. "But, i didn't know you were so interested in this kind of thing, Shu."

The brown haired boy blushed deeply at this, and averted his gaze.

"I..I'm not... It's just...weird, you know?" he added, as Noel leaned forward and poked his side.

"Try not to think about me letting it alllllll flow out in the commode." She teased, grinning. "Just wiggling my panties down, looking all vulnerable and needy, before just letting out a sigh of 'Ahhhhhhhhhhhh', relief.."

"Just go pee, Dork!" Shu snapped back at Noel, who giggled as she started off, moving to the bathroom. He waited until the girl was out of sight, before picking up the book once more, and clicked out his pen.

"Alright...if I'm going to be sure, I've got to be specific.." he thought to himself, running some thoughts through his head, as he lightly put pen to paper.... Thinking of the currently-silver haired girl...

A few minutes later, he clasped the book shut, as Noel came hopping back, posing lightly.

"Alright, I'm pee-free." She mused. "Why don't you try writing my name in that book and think of me, Big boy?"

"Don't call me that." Shu added, as he opened the book once more, and clicked out the pen. "Alright.. Noel Everette. Still two T's, right?"

"Yeah yeah!" Noel mused. "Now, it's only forty seconds and we'll know, right?"

"S'what it says.." Shu murmured, as he leaned back, prompting an almost heart-pounding wait, as the girl stood steady, moving her hips back and forth.... Wiggling, and waiting...

...

.......

Though, after what felt like forty minutes (but was more like Five), she slumped back on the chair, and sighed.

"Well, that's a bummer." she called, grumbling. "I was hoping for some Note shenanigans."

"Yeah, well that's what happens when you buy into that supernatural crap." He added, pulling the page with her name out, and wadding it up. "Anyways, we've got Gym class next, right?"

He tossed the ball into a nearby can, which swished in without resistance.

"Yeah, yeah.." Noel grumbled. "Maybe if you were specific about it it'll.."

"Noel, c'mon. We've got class." Shu remarked, being the one to drag her along this time as the warning bell started to ring out.

###

A few hours of rigorous exercise later, Shu was waiting outside the classroom for Noel, still wearing a loose shirt with red shorts.

"She's running late.." he mumbled to himself, before the silver haired girl came rushing out, wearing matching red shorts with a white t-shirt.

"Sorry, sorry!" Noel apologized profusely, leaning over. "I was just trying to get a drink after all that running, and the cap just popped off! It spilled all over my cosplay, so I just have to head home in this!"

"You're so clumsy." Shu mused with a small chuckle, as Noel lightly punched him in the side.

"Don't be mean." She protested. "C'mon, let's get on the bus."

The two paced side-by-side, complaining about other students, talking about upcoming tests, and even of the constantly shifting weather as they waited on the bus home, Shu leaning back as Noel turned.

"And I mean, It's cold one day, warm the next! It's so hard to dress right when..."

Shu could almost make out a slight flinch from the silverette as she cut herself off, but the beeping of the approaching bus put a stop to any further thoughts on that, as the two got on, (Shu doing his best to not take advantage of the few moments Noel was a few steps above him for his own benefit,) As they settled in near the back of the bus.

"Anyways, it's a real shame about that book." Noel remarked, bringing the topic back to it. "Imagine what you would do with that kind of power! It's basically like mind control, but with peeing added to it. You could be like a God! Make people do whatever you want!"

"Within reason." Shu murmured lightly. "I doubt you could really get away with doing too life-changing with that. Not unless you knew the right people to manipulate."

"Oh, but you could be rich and famous!" Noel added. "Like, you could make an agency sign you on as an actor, and just get any job you want! Maybe you'd end up becoming a rising hit out nowhere, Like Koz-Mo! You could even make people go out, and buy tickets to ensure your movie was a success!"

"That sounds like a lot of work." Shu remarked, flatly. "Who has the time to write that much, by hand, these days?"

"Well, it's just an idea anyways." Noel added, lightly crossing her legs over one another. "I mean, it'd take someone really smart to pull that off... Much less, to keep it up. And you can't really convince the world you're all that great without some actual talent."

"Well, wouldn't work for me anyways then." Shu added deprecatingly. "I'd basically just be using it to get cute girls and such to do things I'd want. Stay low, and off the grid, ya'know?"

"Perv." Noel poked back, lightly nudging him again as they continued to ride on the bus, uneventfully.

However, a stop before theirs, Shu could see Noel starting to bounce her leg a bit more urgently, resting her bag in her lap. Seeing his chance, he leaned towards the girl, and dropped his voice to a whisper.

"You okay?" he asked, as the girl shifted uncomfortably.

"Well... I mean.." she murmured quietly. "I um...didn't get to pee after class. Since I spilled my drink on my outfit, I tried to dry it out... And you know what kind of looks you get if you're dragging your feet in the locker room.."

Shu felt his heart skipping a beat at this, but he tried to fight the expression on his face, as he glanced over his watch.

"We'll be home in like, fifteen minutes. It'll be fine." he assured the girl, who bit her lip lightly and nodded.

"Yeah... It'll be fine."

Though, before they could get to their stop, the bus skidded to a halt a few blocks down the way, prompting the two to lurch forward as the brakes were slammed.

"Ah..? What's happening?" Shu asked the bus driver, who grumbled and stepped out of the bus.

"...Damn. Looks like we got a flat." he grumbled, prompting Noel's eyes to go wide, and her knees to bounce a bit more urgently.

"D..Do you know how long it'll be?" she asked, as the driver grumbled.

"About Half an hour, if we're lucky.." he murmured, prompting the girl to go pale as a sheet, as she tugged at Shu's arm.

"We...we can walk the rest of the way, right?" she asked... Nay, demanded, as Shu felt his chest tighten, and his heart race...

"Y..yeah, we can.." he remarked quietly, leaning over the seat. "We're gonna walk from here, okay?"

"Yeah whatever.." the driver grumbled some more, as Shu and Noel left the bus, starting down the sidewalk with a renewed sense of urgency.

It was decidedly harder for Shu to ignore Noel's squirming and shifting with every few dozen paces or so, along with her hands dipping down to her red shorts with some reassuring presses...

"Ohhhhh... It's really bad..." She mumbled, flushing lightly. "I've really gotta go, Shu.."

"We're almost at the stop, Noel. Then, it's just a few blocks to the complex..."

"I..I know! B-but.." Noel murmured, flushing deeper as they kept walking.....Before freezing up at the stop.

"Noel?" Shu asked, as the girl's face shook wildly, and she started to sprint.

"Ahhhhnnn... A little came out..!" she whined, scurrying. "G..Gotta hurry..!"

Shu's long stride easily kept up even with his silver haired companion's frantic scurries, watching as she wiggled and shifted with every step. He couldn't keep himself fully from staring as the girl's bottom tensed with every few feet of frantic dashing.... Clearly telling of the trouble behind tensed muscles....

They'd scuttled about for another ten minutes or so, before the large complex finally came into view, prompting a quick smile, quickly replaced by a gasp of panic.

"Ah..Ahhhhhhh..!!! We're so close..!" Noel whimpered, now fully bent forward and holding herself openly. "P..Please..PLEASE, hold on a little longer...!"

Shu followed along with his heart pounding, and his mind racing. Watching his friend in distress was definitely doing a number on him in some fashion, though as the two made it to the building, he felt a lump rise in his throat as the girl froze on the base of the staircase.

"I...I'm not gonna make it up there.." She croaked out, glancing over her shoulder. "S..Shu, I need you.."

"Sure, let me get the do-" he started, as the girl shook her head.

"No! I need you to stand guard for me!" she borderline-yelled, hobbling around, and under the staircase. "I..I can't... Ahhhhnnn.."

The brown haired boy watched as the back of Noel's red shorts started to darken considerably as she staggered, wiggling and shaking wildly, before hands dipped down to the material of her shorts... yanking them down and over her firm-looking bottom, before kneeling into a half-covered squat..

"Haaaaaaaah..Haaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhnnnnn..!"

And with her groans, an absolutely deafening hiss of pent-up pressure, ringing out for Shu to only hear..

Ssssssshhsssssshhhhhhsssshhhsssshhhssshshhhh

And, after a few scant seconds, to see, as the puddle spread out from beneath her bottom, pooling and spreading from edge to edge of the walkway, as she knelt half-concealed behind the staircase... Only her bottom, and growing stream visible to the brown haired boy that was to be standing watch...

Staring blankly, as the girl let out a few groans, whimpers, and shivers.

"O..Ohhhnn.. Ohhhhnnnn...Ohhhh..I..Is anyone coming?" she asked meekly, prompting Shu to snap out of his trance.

"Ah...No, No, it's fine.." he called, lightly turning his head. "You're in the clear, Noel!"

"A..Are you staring?" She asked, prompting the boy to flush deep red.

"No!" he said a little too forcefully, as Noel's hands went over her bottom, as if attempting to conceal it.

"D..Don't stare! Perv." She protested softly, still gushing away for another dozen seconds or so, before the noise started to die down, and she tugged up her shorts...Hobbling back around the corner.

"Ahhhnn... Ohhh.. That was too close.." she grumbled. "I nearly full on wet myself..."

"Looks like you still did.." Shu added, pointing down at her damp shorts, prompting her to hit him in the side once more.

"Don't gawk so much, Perv." She grumbled, flushing. "Anyways, thanks for watching out for me. Try not to be too loud when you're thinking about my butt later, okay?"

"Tch...Like I would.." Shu grumbled shyly as the girl started up the stairs again, prompting him to stare at the wet patch on her butt for a few extra seconds, grateful once again for the existence of elevation.

As he heard the room above him shutting, Noel's apartment, he went into his own with a quick twist of a key and a slightly upward shove of the door (It liked to stick), he quickly dug the weird book out of his bag once again, and thumbed it open to the last page.

"Noel Everette. Feels the need to pee on the bus ride home. Due to some unexpected delays, she finds herself unable to hold it the whole way home, and has to pee under the staircase of Marash Apartment building 5, at 4:57 PM, pulling her shorts down to do so."

He glanced over his phone once more, just in time to see the time tick over to five o'clock. Given the sheer mass of her puddle, plus the required time teasing and getting back into privacy....

He could be at least remotely sure that the notebook was, in fact, the real deal.

"I might have to test it again, just to be sure.." he mumbled, before tossing his other things down. "But what to do..."

###

[Wet Note: Re-Run, Chapter 1, End]

*004*2023-01-11 03:37

Chapter 2: Encounter.

'.....No good. I can't sleep..'

The thoughts of the day were still rushing through Shu's mind as he futilely laid about in his bed. The strange notebook, Noel's insistence on using it, and well....

'I can't believe that it actually...' he thought to himself again, recalling the glamorous view of Noel's dire release, and how flustered it kept making him. He hadn't exactly thought about the scenario as particularly exciting, but seeing the girl in a vulnerable, compromised state, making such illicit noises...

.....

Shu kicked his feet over the bed, and picked the black notebook on his bedside, flipping it open once again, and looking over the rules.

"Maybe some bureaucracy will put me to sleep.." he muttered to himself, glancing over what he'd already read. "Writing names...PIcturing...Hour cooldown..Twelve hour limit...Twice a day....Age of consent.."

His eyes rest on the last one he'd remembered glancing over in class, mentioning some kind of 'Omogami' and their eyes.

He lightly glanced over the words below it, before flipping to the third page, and glancing over it.

[GamiEyes Deal: A human can make a deal with the owner of said notebook in order to borrow the eyes of a God. These eyes may reveal a great amount of information on others, such as names, ages, bodily limits, or have other effects. However, it is up to the God in question to decide on the price they take, and the benefits the human may receive. So long as the deal is agreed on without duress, a human may be granted outstanding powers, so long as they retain possession of the notebook.]

Another medley of thoughts raced through his head, pondering what he'd read. The deities themselves, the prices... The effects....And..

"Possession, hm..?" he muttered, glancing over the book. "I wonder what that entails.."

He glanced over the book, and then up at his ceiling, knowing that Noel was likely fast asleep as he read over the book, then glanced at the clock next to him.

"Twelve hours, Hm..?" he murmured to himself, as he considered writing her name in the notebook again for a few scant moments, before shaking his head.

"It just feels kind of...weird when I know the girl.." he grumbled, setting the book back on his nightstand. "If it's some other girl, I don't mind, but knowing her....."

He doubted she would mind too terribly much, so long as he didn't write anything too weird, given the way she was so eager to be a test subject.... But, something tugged at his conscience not to abuse that friendship.

"I'll figure something out tomorrow.." he grumbled, rolling over in bed. "Even if it's just burning this stupid book..."

Eventually, he drifted off into a quiet, dreamless slumber... Forgetting all about the day for at least a few hours....

###

"Shuuuu! Shuuuuuu! C'mon, get up!"

The familiar call of his friend, and a few annoying, loud knocks.

Yep. It was a new day after all.

"Nnngh.. Just a minute, Noel." Shu called back half-heartedly, as he got up and got ready for classes, tugging the black notebook into his bag once more as he started to the door.

"Rise and shine, Sleeping beauty." Noel's voice greeted him before the door even opened. "I Hope you weren't too busy thinking about yesterday to sleep."

Shu grumbled a response that vaguely resembled words, before noticing Noel's outfit for the day. A blue hoodie in the fashion of a shark, with a splash of blue in her silvery hair. As he glanced down, he saw a pair of very short blue shorts peeking under the hoodie (Which had the design of a mouth on it, now that he actually looked at it), as his gaze shifted back to her.

"New cosplay?" he asked, as she puffed out her chest pridefully.

"Yepyep. Gawr." She answered, making a gesture like she was going to grab him. "Gonna eat you up if you don't stop being such a meanie today."

"Cool." Shu brushed off, walking past the girl with his bag slung over his shoulder. "Let's get going then."

"Oh come on!" Noel piped up. "You could at least pretend to be scared!"

The walk to the bus was filled with the usual sort of back and forth banter, Shu shooting down Noel's various quips and candid remarks, before they eventually gravitated towards schoolwork, and then idle musings of little importance. As the two got onto their communal bus, however....

"W..Wait..! H..Hold up!" an unfamiliar voice cried out just as Shu and Noel took their seat, prompting him to glance out the window to try to catch a glimpse of whoever was chasing them down.

"Woah, She must be new..." Noel mused, peering over his shoulder, compromising his focus as her hands rested on his legs. "Didn't think anyone else was on this route.."

Soon enough, the unfamiliar voice could be heard at the front of the bus, apologizing profusely.

"I was supposed to take off already. Try not to be late in the future, okay? I won't stop for you next time."

"Yeah, thank you for waiting. I'm sorry. So sorry. It won't happen again." the unfamiliar voice called. "I just...kinda sorta forgot to get somethin', and I took forever to find it, and before I knew it, I was running late, so I sprinted, and tried to catch up as best I could, yeah?"

Shu could see the bus driver's gaze drifting downward a bit, before turning back to the road with a grunt, and a gesture over the shoulder. As the person climbed the few steps onto the bus, Shu could immediately tell what the driver was staring at.

"Damn..."

It was a girl, with dark green hair and deep blue eyes, donned in a school-uniform-esque blue vest, with a teal shirt underneath it, coupled with a knee length skirt. Though, he couldn't really focus on the bottom half of her outfit when...

"Shu, stop staring at her!" Noel quickly jabbed him in the elbow. "I know they're... well, big, but you're being rude."

Shu flinched, clutching where he'd been hit, but then quickly tore his eyes away from the mystery girl, who'd taken a seat midway through the bus. He hadn't really thought about it before, but....

'Who is that...' he pondered quietly as Noel's gaze was locked on.... Before snapping a gaze at him.

"Seriously, you're such a pig." She pouted, as she elbowed him in the side. "Haven't seen you blank out that bad since you walked in on me at the pool that time.."

"Sh..shut up.." Shu murmured as he glanced down at his feet, stealing glances up for the rest of the bus ride.

The girl's dark green hair was tied in a low ponytail, and she held her things in her lap, legs adorned with long, black socks. Something about the girl seemed.... special, but he couldn't put his finger on it, before...

"Alright, Everyone off! We're here!" the driver's voice called, snapping Shu out of his trance as Noel stood up.

"C'mon, let's go." Noel grumbled, grabbing Shu's arm and starting to tug at him. Despite her obvious annoyance, Shu couldn't help but gawk as the green haired girl made her way out of her seat, and off the bus again...

'Dammit, why did we have to sit so far away...' he thought to himself as they moved along with the crowd, hopping off and onto campus.

"Seriously, you were drooling the whole way here." Noel snapped, upgrading to slugging the boy in the shoulder. "You act like you've never seen a girl before."

"I...I wasn't drooling.." Shu defended weakly as he glanced around for the mystery girl... To no avail. He let out a soft sigh, as Noel started ahead of him.

"Don't worry Romeo, you'll get to see your Juliet again." She quipped. "But, we really should just head on to classes. You don't want to make Mister Harada mad twice in one week, do you?"

"Huh? N..No, of course not." Shu murmured, thinking back to the mild humiliation of being called out for not paying attention in class the day before. "Ah, and there's that form I gotta fill out this year with Miss... Asahi?"

"Ah? Oh! RIGHT!" Noel suddenly called, snapping out of her tepid attitude. "You gotta talk with her about your scholarship and such, don't you?"

"Ugh....Yeah.."

It was always an annoying topic, every time he thought of it. Going to the teachers about the scholarship that kept him going to the school, his minimum GPA to maintain it, his grandparent's name.... All things he never particularly felt strongly for.

"Don't worry, Miss Asahi's an expert at this." Noel assured, patting his (Sore) shoulder reassuringly. "She's a bit intense sometimes, but she does good work. It'll be in and out! Painless!"

"Yeah...I hope so."

He'd been through more than enough headaches year after year with teachers and the like... Giving him the usual lecture, the pressure to apply himself, yada yada...

"Do you know where I can find her, Noel?"

"Well, I heard she's always in the faculty office.." Noel remarked. "Doing the secretary work, proctor work, that sort of thing. If you go now, you might make it in time for History."

"Right... Alright, I'm going." he grumbled, trudging through the halls. "See you in class, Noel."

The silver haired, shark-hooded girl waved him off as he made his way through the winding halls of the university, coming up to the annoyingly familiar faculty office. Before he could knock on the door however....

"Come in, Michiru."

A commanding voice, prompting him to obey quickly. Twisting the knob, he opened the door to the room, spying a single figure sitting behind a desk, and typing away on a computer.

"Um... Miss Asahi?" he inquired, as the woman pointed in front of her, not moving from her spot. He awkwardly started into the room, glancing around for others as the silence loomed over them. "Um...I don't believe we've met..."

"I work part time here." Miss Asahi remarked, flatly. "I've been at the University as a student, but I started working here as well. So, Scholarship work, yeah?"

"Uhhhh, yeah.." he added, peering around to look at the woman, who had dark hair and an all-too-serious expression, meeting his gaze around the desk with strong eye contact, and a glare that could fell a lesser man.

"Papers are here." She snapped, gesturing at a pile on a corner of her desk. "Sign at the parts marked X. I've already got your grades, and you're still qualified. Don't make me do any extra paperwork, okay?"

Shu gave a slight nod as he picked up the documents, and glanced about for a pen for a scant few seconds, before being handed one by the all-too-serious worker.

"Um...Thanks.." he added, starting to scrawl at the Xs, as he looked over Miss Asahi's desk.

Miss Asahi had a few small decorations, including a figure of some pale-looking guy in a nice suit, along with a heavily-worn notebook she was scrawling things he couldn't make out without getting closer, and a nameplate that said [K. Asahi.]. He thought he could see a small trophy, or award of some kind, but a sharp glare from her quickly diverted his gaze back to the business at hand.

Busying himself back at the papers, he finished signing them in silence, before handing them back to her in as organized a pile as he could muster.

"Good. That'll be it." she stated, prompting a slight eyebrow raise from the boy.

"Uh, that's it?" he asked, as she made a waving gesture with her hands.

"Yeah. Get out. I'm busy." she snapped. "I've got what I need, and you're good another year. Or do you want me to have to read off all of these details and waste both of our times?"

"Ah, no... No, I'm good." he remarked, before starting to the door and leaving in a rush. Something about Miss Asahi was...unsettling when he thought about it. Was it because she was both a student, and working for the university she attended? She couldn't have been much older than him, (If at all), but she was attending classes, on top of all the busywork of a teacher, and god knows what else? He could barely keep up with his own studies, much less with a part time job on top of it....

"Guess some people have drive.." he murmured to himself, as he started to head towards class...

Pang...

"Ah...Well, might as well.." he murmured, doubling back and heading towards the bathrooms in spite of being well past the due time to be in classes. After all, if he was gonna get chewed out anyways, so why not go in with no pressure nagging at him?

"Hnnn....."

As he felt the surprising surge of sensation spray out of him at the stall, his mind went back to the black notebook he held in his bag, and illicit thoughts filled his mind again...

'You know.... If that book really works..' he thought to himself, shivering slightly. 'If I can find out that new girl's name...'

He could feel his heart starting to race a bit at the thought, having control over someone with such a generous figure... Coupled with the same sort of situation that Noel had endured the previous day...Or even in a lesser state of dress....

'She even lives near us, so I could probably...' he thought to himself, before finishing up and putting himself away. 'No...I should just worry about classes for now. Horn it up later, Shu.'

Washing his hands, and heading to class, Shu endured the usual grumbles of Harada as he mentioned the magical S word that silenced the teacher's grumbles (This time, at least), and moved to take his seat.

"Anyways, if you could turn to page 23..." Harada's voice called out, prompting Shu to grab his history book and crack it open, resigning himself to a boring day of class again...

"Ummm...My book hasn't arrived yet.." the mysterious girl's voice called out suddenly, prompting Shu to glance to the seat next to him, filled in with her figure...

Ample breasts, low ponytail, narrow waist....

"Michiru, share with one of our new students here." the teacher commanded, prompting Shu to gulp awkwardly, and nod his head.

"Y..Yeah.. yeah, sure.." he called, as the green haired girl moved closer to him, brushing some hair behind her ears.

"Sorry, sorry. I ordered them, but they're not coming in until tomorrow.." she apologized, quietly. "Thanks for letting me use your book, Michiru."

"N..No problem, uh.." he started, as the girl gave a slight chuckle.

"Oh, right. You weren't here for our introductions.." she mused, slightly. "Just.. Don't make fun of my name, okay? I'm aware that it's-"

Shu had stopped listening once another sensation came over him... The scent of strawberries, strongly coming off of the girl's body....Wafting in from her hair, and clothing alike.

Between awkward staring, murmured repeating of Harada's words, and seemingly being lost in just the plain company of such a mysteriously enchanting girl, it was difficult enough for Shu to even breathe in the presence of the new girl, until....

RRRRRRRRRRRRRINNNNNNNNGRRRRRRRINGGRRRRRRRRRING

It was startling as the bell rang, snapping Shu out of his trance once again as the green haired girl stood up, and started out quickly, bowing towards the brown haired boy politely, before turning around.

"I'll see you later, Michiru!" she called, waving as Shu tried (and Failed) to stop staring at her ass, quickly approached by his silver haired friend who had a small smirk on her face.

"You seem happy, Shu." Noel teased, prompting him to finally flush red as he realized what he'd been doing for the past hour: Not paying attention at all.

"Sh..She.. She smells nice." he murmured, averting his gaze from the door the girl had left out of, as Noel poked his side.

"You're such a perv, Shu." Noel teased. "I bet you're thinking of all the things you want those breasts to do to you, or how cute she looks when she's just absolutely dying like I was yesterday."

"....Well, Now I am." Shu confessed quietly, as Noel shook her head.

"You're hopeless." She added. "That other girl's really nice too though. Both way out of your league though."

"Wait, other girl?" Shu blinked, turning to look at Noel again. "What other girl? There's another new girl?"

"Ugh, You one-track dumbass." Noel chided. "It was her and Gasai. Word's going around that those two are a thing, you know? So, I wouldn't get yourself too excited over her. I hear she exclusively bats for the other team, if you know what I mean..."

"Gasai...?" Shu murmured, as Noel grabbed his arm.

"You'll get a chance to see her later, I'm sure." Noel rattled offhandedly. "I mean, if you can pry your eyes off of her. Unfortunate about her name though. Gasai told me not to tease her about it, so you'd better not have made fun of it either."

"I...Erm.. I would never.." Shu muttered, gazing about nervously as he faintly recalled the girl introducing herself.. But, he hadn't made out the words she said, having been too focused on her... Other assets.

"I'm serious, Shu!" Noel snapped, as she drug the boy along. "It's not that weird to meet a girl named Faustus!"

...

"Faustus, eh?"

The notebook felt heavier in his bag than all of his college books combined at this, as his heart pounded and part of his body started to heat up anew.

'I think I found my next test subject...'

###

