Aquamin’s short stories

Author: Aquamin

*000*2020-02-21 02:47

Dido’s face suddenly scrunched up, her teeth gritted and eyes shut tight. Belfast lifted her gaze from the watch in her hand “Shall I stop the timer?” Dido’s eyes became wet as she slowly nodded. Sheffield, her expression blank like an automaton, simply watched and waited. The click of the stopwatch signalled to Dido that the test was over.

Her legs began to shake violently as she let go, a port’s worth of piss pushing out of her tired bladder. Her white thigh highs were stained with streaks all the to her feet, warm streams making their way down both of her long legs. An involuntary sigh of relief escaped her mouth as the pressure died. The light yellow puddle grew rapidly underneath her, a few jets of hot urine falling directly from her panties. The loud splashing began to quiet after a few minutes although, in the state she was in, Dido did not know or care. All she could feel was blissful, heavenly relief. The flow ended shortly after.

“5 hours, 45 minutes and 36 seconds, very good Dido” announced Belfast. Despite the tiredness and relief she was feeling, not to mention the uncomfortable, damp and rapidly cooling underwear, Dido returned to an elegant and formal pose. “Thank you, miss Belfast, did I pass the test?" Sheffield, quiet and practically unmoving up to this point, step up to the puddle and examined it not unlike how a doctor would examine a patient. If gazes could kill then Sheffield’s was a WMD. It was no secret that Sheffield was an expert when it came to Urine related matters, that’s why she had the final say in this test.

What test you may ask? The maid holding test of course. They have to go hours without a break, Belfast even went for a whole day without stopping, so a strong bladder is mandatory. Drink 2 litres and hold it. Last 4 and a half hours and you have passed. If only it were that simple. However, inside the maids own little community there is an expectation to not only hold for a while but to also pee a lot. You could just use. Measuring jug, but where’s the fun in that? A puddle left not of one’s choice was the preferred way of measurement. The criteria? If Sheffield likes it or not.

Dido waited with almost unbeatable anticipation as Sheffield finished her hawk like circling. The puddle stretched for a good two feet from Dido’s high heels. “It is good enough,” said Sheffield, plain and unemotional. A smile lit up on Dido’s face. “You pass” the other two maids declared, one excitedly the other unnervingly robotic.

Hello everyone, it’s good to be back. My writer’s spirit unfortunately died for a few weeks, but now I’m back and ready to make a lot of panties very wet. This topic is just for random short story ideas, and for me to get back into the swing of things.

&&

*003*2020-02-21 21:44

I remember that evening so well; 2 years ago in August. It was pleasantly warm for a late English summer evening, a gentle breeze brushing against the sand. I and my girlfriend Emily had left the bustling party for a more secluded and quiet part of the beach. The tide reached up to our toes as we walked along the seashore, the calm waves catching the pale moonlight. Emily giggled as I finished telling my funny story; her smile always made me happy and calm. "I think we're far enough away," she whispered. I turned back to see the now distant lights of the campfires and grills "Yes, I think we are."

We lay back on the silky sand, and I ran a hand through her lovely coffee-coloured hair. Her light blue one-piece was still slightly damp from earlier swimming. I stared at the far-off stars, twinkling and bright in the pitch-black night and they were nothing compared to the beauty of Emily's pearl blue eyes. Suddenly I found myself staring into those beautiful eyes. Emily had rolled herself on top of me. "Hey," she said seductively. "Hello darling" I replied. She flashed me a grin and rose to her knees. "I think I drank way too much at the party" she placed a hand on her crotch to reinforce her point. I sat up to be face to face with her "And what are you gonna do about it? There are no bathrooms for miles around, and our ride won't be here for another hour." She smiled coyly and motioned for me to look down.

A thin, weak stream fell from the crotch of her swimsuit. She grasped onto my shoulders with shaking hands and sighed in relief, the warm liquid splashed over my thighs for a few seconds before I spread them. The sand began to absorb the urine at a decent rate although a small puddle formed under my butt as the stream intensified. "Surprise James," she said with a shaking voice. Our lips locked together as finished emptying her bladder.

I was startled from my daydream by a nudge from Emily. The look on her face meant she knew what I was thinking about, that and the slight bulge in my pants. "Get rid of that quickly we will be boarding soon" she murmured. I quickly banished the thoughts from my mind and then followed Emily onto the plane. We sat down in our window-side seats and waited for take-off. I felt her breath against my neck "I'll make sure this will be a very damp holiday." The excitement began to surge through me as the Boeing 737 hurtled down the runway. In a few hours, we would be in Greece. A wet and wonderful honeymoon awaited us both.

*004*2020-02-22 00:41

Warspite's eyes fluttered open, the black hole like darkness slowly fading as she adjusted. "wwwuhhh?" she groaned groggily. She didn't know what time it was but, from how dark the room was, she assumed it was very early in the morning. She rubbed her face and eyes, feeling the familiar touch her faux silk gloves. She shifted slightly around realising she was still in her normal clothes. I should really go and change she thought to herself. A loud snore filled her ears; Queen Elizabeth was sleeping in the bed next to her. Warspite wasn't too worried about waking up her liege. The queen was a famously heavy sleeper who would only awake to the siren call of Belfast's tea.

Warspite swung her legs out to jump out of bed, the throbbing ache in her bladder hit her like a full broadside. She almost shouted, warm urine pushing to get out, but managed to keep herself under control. Be more careful with the tea-drinking before bed girl she thought to herself. Warspite warily pushed herself to the edge of the bed and let her legs dangle, before reaching down and fishing around for the chamber pot. She felt her fingers tap against the porcelain and wrapped them around the handle. Slosh. The sound made her heart drop. A quick glance between her legs confirmed her fears; the glinting of moonlight on urine. The chamber pot was packed to the brim, obviously filled by more than one visit within the last few hours, with no room for Warspite to relieve her great need.

A small amount of panic slipped into her mind. She knew her bladder was dangerously full and soon, only within minutes, there would be a puddle under her. There was only one option open; she would have to make a dash for the bathroom. Carefully popping the full chamber pot down, making sure not to spill the cooling contents, she pushed herself off onto her feet. A bladder spasm quickly ambushed her. She crossed her legs at the ankles and pushed a hand into her black knickers. The smallest wet spot you could imagine, hardly even feelable, appeared on them. No no no no keep control she willed to herself, beginning to stagger towards the door. Behind her, Queen Elizabeth slept serenely in her bed, a large urine puddle around her thighs.

Warspite poked her head out of the open doorway and checked if the coast was clear; there was not a soul in sight. She began an awkward waddle down the hallway to the lavatory, her footsteps quietly echoing around. Both of her hands were now shoved against her panties; her fingers were even squeezing her lips shut to help herself hold. She soon came across the familiar oak wood door of the royal loo, the bronze panel on it bore an engraving of a crown along with WC. She breathed a sigh of relief as she grasped the knob and turned. Nothing. She turned it again. Nothing. seizing the handle and with a grunt of effort, she twisted the knob. Nothing. If a royal knight would ever cry now would be the time. Relief was so near yet so far away, a few inches of carved wood stopped her from the relief she so frantically craved. But alas it seemed as if dry underwear was nought but a dream. Her bladder was about to explode.

A door behind her opened, things could not get any worse. "Please" begged Warspite tearfully "go away. Leave me alone to get this humiliation over with." "I would never abandon you" came the reply. Belfast stepped up alongside Warspite, a large towel in hand. She was dressed in a white thigh-length nightdress and nothing else. "The toilet is unfortunately locked for repair work tomorrow morning, and my key is in the office. By the time I got there and back, I suspect I would be cleaning your puddle." The statements did not help Warspite "Go into the room and chuck out the chamber pot, then return here with it" ordered Warspite. "And empty it where exactly? The toilet is locked" retorted Belfast with just a hint of cheek. Warspite knew it was folly to try anything else. Or was it?

"The towel, quickly" she barked, her control slipping further and further. The faint taps of liquid on wood were heard as her bladder began to relax. Belfast knew better than to question what she was doing and handed Warspite the large green towel she had brought out from her room. Warspite's left hand grabbed the towel and ruffled it into a tight ball; her right pulled her panties aside. A jet of steaming hot piss managed to spray out of her before the towel was thrust directly against her bare vagina. The relief was immediate and orgasmic, her bladder was voiding itself like a pump; a thick stream soaking into the towel "haaaaaaaaaa, erm ahem" her face turning beetroot red at her involuntary moan. Belfast simply giggled. The towel started to become heavy and hot after 20 seconds of Warspite's piss river, a sizeable amount of the clear liquid began to splatter on the floor. Warspite was long past the point of caring the relief and feeling of pleasure were too great.

After a minute of firehose like urinating Warspite was empty and exhausted. "Bloodly hell" her panting breaking up each word. "The royal shower room is still open if you wish to clean up miss Warspite," said Belfast, she had already retrieved another towel from her room. "Yes, I think I will" Warspite responded. Shaking her feet to get the urine off her shoes, she began her short walk to the showers. Before entering, she turned back to where Belfast was. Despite the fact she should be sleeping, Belfast was hard at work cleaning away the evidence of Warspite's incident. At times like this, Warspite was glad for her unnatural dedication to duty.

*006*2020-03-07 00:47

Nozomi's aching bladder was screaming at her for release. The raging ocean inside her slammed against her urethra, sending surges of desperation and bliss through her body. The unimaginable amount of pressure inside of her was ready to explode out in a flood of warm urine. She twisted her violently shaking legs together, partially to try and keep her pee in and also to stop the loud knocking of her legs against each other. Her right hand cupped her vagina and pushed inwards with all the strength her body had after a lengthy and exhausting hold. Her loud panting and pounding heart was the only sound she could comprehend; the world outside seemed trivial and distant. Sweat dripped from her dark hair onto the oak wood floor, the droplets passing by her face to taunt her on their way down.

Her body writhed against her will as her bloated bladder forced the end to her 15-hour hold. Her mind went blank as her bladder's contents exploded out of her. The first forceful jet out of her urethra caused her mind to go white, the heat shooting through her snow-white panties and into her shorts. Her left hand grasped her thigh, and she moaned out in pleasure. It felt so good that, despite wanting to reach her 16-hour goal, she let her bladder go. Warmth spread across her crotch and butt with speed. The palm of her hand was quickly coated with hot urine that seeped through her fingers. The strength to sit up drained from her as fast as the piss in her bladder. She slumped over to stare at the light-yellow puddle that was spreading underneath her.

The power of the stream had died down from the initial torrent. A slow but thick stream flowed from the front of shorts, the sound of its trickling was music to Nozomi's ears. She let out a deep sigh of relief and pleasure. She swayed her thighs and butt gently from side to side, feeling the warm pee shift under her and seep back into her clothes. She blew strands of hair away from her red hot face and let her hands drift to her side. Her stream ended as it reached the edge of her toes, a glance over her shoulder saw that the stream had made it about as far in that direction.

Although she had not reached her 16-hour goal, Nozomi was happy with what she had accomplished.

Inspired by this art https://www.omorashi.org/gallery/image/40198-限界突破した女の子のらくがきです/?context=featured

