Charlotte at the Nude Beach

Author: alleycat89

*000*2024-11-07 22:00

This is a requested story as written from another party on the beach. For the lifeguard's perspective please see :

$/106488-brittany-the-lifeguard

Charlotte woke up to the gentle hum of the early morning sun peeking through her bedroom curtains. The excitement of the day ahead had her leaping out of bed, her heart racing with anticipation. She had planned this trip meticulously, eager to visit the nude beach she had heard whispers about from friends who had braved its untamed beauty. The prospect of shedding her clothes and feeling the warm embrace of the sun on her bare skin was both thrilling and a little intimidating, but she had decided to throw caution to the wind and indulge in this liberating experience.

For her trip to the beach, Charlotte had chosen to wear a simple yet flattering outfit that was easy to slip out of once she reached her destination. A bright yellow sundress with spaghetti straps and a floral print fluttered around her knees, hinting at the nakedness that was soon to come. The dress was loose and comfortable, made of a lightweight fabric that would be easy to roll up and stash in her beach bag. Underneath, she had forgone underwear or a bra since it would quickly be removed anyway. On her feet, she donned a pair of flip-flops that she had worn countless times before, the familiar slap of the rubber soles against her skin bringing a sense of comfort to the otherwise nerve-wracking journey ahead.

The drive to the beach was scenic, with the winding road leading her through quaint seaside towns that grew sparse as she approached the more isolated shoreline. The anticipation grew within her as she thought about the freedom that awaited her just a short walk away. She had packed light, bringing only a beach towel, sunscreen, a few bottles of water, and her phone, all tucked safely in a small backpack that hung loosely on her shoulders. The warmth of the sun on her skin was already making her feel alive, and she couldn't wait to feel it on every inch of her body.

Upon arriving at the parking lot, Charlotte took a moment to appreciate the serene view before her. The sound of waves crashing against the shore filled her ears, and she could see the distant silhouettes of people already frolicking in the nude on the beach. She took a deep breath, steeling herself for the walk ahead. The path was well-worn, lined with tall grasses and the occasional beach shrub. The sand was hot beneath her flip-flops, and she could feel the heat radiating up her legs with every step she took. Despite the heat, she couldn't help but feel a sense of excitement growing in the pit of her stomach.

The journey to the nude section was longer than she had expected, but the anticipation made the time seem to stretch out deliciously. Each step brought her closer to the liberation she sought, and she could feel her heart rate increasing with every footfall. The cool breeze that occasionally wafted through the foliage offered a slight reprieve from the relentless sun, but it also teased at the bare skin hidden beneath her dress, hinting at the complete exposure that awaited her.

Finally, she arrived at the nude section, and without a moment's hesitation, Charlotte slipped the straps of her sundress over her shoulders, letting the fabric fall to her feet. She felt a rush of excitement as she stepped out of the confines of the garment, her nakedness fully revealed. The sun kissed her skin as if for the first time, and she reveled in the sensation of being completely open to the elements. She scanned the area, noticing the diverse range of bodies laid out like a kaleidoscope of humanity. Some were tanned and toned, others pale and freckled, but all shared the same sense of freedom and comfort in their own skin.

Her eyes locked on a spot near the lifeguard stand, where a small cluster of people had gathered, but not too close to be overwhelming. She walked confidently over, the sand squishing between her toes, and laid out her beach towel. The warmth of the sand caressed her bare skin, sending a delightful shiver down her spine. She applied a generous amount of sunscreen, her hands gliding over her curves and contours with a newfound appreciation. The scent of the coconut-infused lotion filled her nostrils, mixing with the briny scent of the sea and the faint aroma of sun-baked bodies around her.

As she settled into her newfound freedom, the gentle sound of laughter and conversation surrounded her. She could feel the weight of societal norms slipping away, replaced by a sense of belonging and acceptance. The lifeguard, a young woman with a friendly smile, gave her a nod of approval. Her eyes lingered for a moment longer than necessary, and she felt a blush creep up her cheeks. She returned her smile, her heart fluttering with a mix of shyness and excitement.

The warmth of the sun grew more intense, and as the hours ticked by, Charlotte found herself lulled into a light doze. The steady rhythm of the ocean's waves and the occasional splash of saltwater became the soundtrack to her snooze. Her body felt relaxed and at ease as she lay there, the sand a soft pillow beneath her. The only disturbance to her peaceful slumber was the persistent tickle of a rogue strand of hair that had escaped from her ponytail and danced across her forehead.

An hour passed, and Charlotte was abruptly jolted awake by an insistent throbbing in her bladder. She sat up with a start, the sudden movement bringing her back to reality with a rush. The need to pee was undeniable, a pressing demand that she could no longer ignore. She glanced around the beach, noticing that the number of people had swelled, and she felt a twinge of self-consciousness at the thought of making the long trek back to the toilets. The idea of walking among the clothed beachgoers while in such a state of urgency was almost too much to bear.

Deciding to be daring, she chose the more adventurous option and made her way to the water's edge. The ocean called to her with its vastness and promise of privacy. She stepped onto the cool, wet sand, the chilly water rushing over her toes and sending a shock of coldness up her legs. The sensation was starkly different from the warm sand she had been lounging on, and she took a moment to steel herself for the full immersion. Gritting her teeth, she waded further in, her heart racing as the cold waves reached her thighs.

As she neared the point where she could no longer feel the sand beneath her feet, she paused, her bladder screaming for relief. The water was frigid, much colder than she had anticipated, and the shock was almost too much to bear. She looked out at the horizon, where the sea met the sky in a hazy line of blue, and took a deep breath. The waves lapped at her, whispering encouragement, and she knew she had to make a decision.

Turning back towards the shore, the cold water retreating from her thighs, she made her way back to her towel. The lifeguard's watchful gaze met hers, and she felt a pang of embarrassment. The ocean was too cold, and she didn't want to be the odd one out, squatting in the surf to relieve herself. She gathered her courage and approached the stand, her bare feet leaving wet prints in the sand.

The lifeguard looked up from her perch, a knowing smile playing on her lips. "Is everything okay?" she asked, her voice warm and welcoming.

"I'm fine," Charlotte replied, a hint of desperation in her voice. "But I've been on the beach for a few hours now and... well, I need to use the toilet. Is there one closer than the ones at the entrance?"

The lifeguard's smile grew, her eyes twinkling with amusement. "Ah, the eternal struggle," she said, her voice dripping with empathy. "The ocean might be a tempting option, but I don't recommend it. The water's too cold, and it's a bit of a walk back to the main facilities."

Charlotte's cheeks burned with a mix of embarrassment and urgency. She had never felt so exposed and vulnerable, but she couldn't deny the relief that washed over her at the thought of finding a more suitable solution. "Are there any closer toilets, then?" she asked hopefully.

The lifeguard, whose name tag read 'Brittany', leaned in with a conspiratorial smile. "I'm afraid not," she said, her tone low and understanding. "But between you and me, I've had to deal with this situation before. The toilets are a mile and a half back, and I'm not gonna lie, I've gotta pee pretty badly myself."

Her admission made Charlotte feel a little less alone in her plight. "What do people usually do?" she asked, trying to keep the desperation out of her voice.

Brittany chuckled, her eyes sparkling with mischief. "Unfortunately it's either hold it or walk back".

Reluctantly, Charlotte nodded. The idea of peeing herself in front of all these strangers was unthinkable. She decided to ignore the pressure in her bladder, telling herself it would go away. She returned to her towel, stretching out once more and trying to focus on the calming sound of the waves. The soft fabric of the towel felt cool against her skin, and she sighed, willing the feeling to pass. She closed her eyes and tried to imagine herself anywhere else but here, her mind drifting to a quiet meadow where she could relieve herself without a care in the world.

As she lay there, the sun continued its relentless assault on her body, warming her skin to a pleasant glow. Her legs fell open slightly, the tension in her pelvis making it difficult to keep them closed. Her swollen bladder was a constant, pulsing presence, reminding her of the need that grew more insistent with each passing minute. Her pussy, began to throb with a new urgency. The light fur of her pubic hair stood on end as the anticipation grew.

Her breath grew shallow, and she could feel her chest rising and falling rapidly as she struggled to keep her composure. The fabric of the towel was sticking to her skin, damp with a combination of sweat and the ocean spray that occasionally reached her. The sensation of the towel against her sensitive flesh only served to exacerbate her condition, making it impossible to ignore the pressing need to empty herself.

Her bladder felt as if it was going to burst, swollen with the accumulation of fluids from the past hours. Each tiny movement caused ripples of pressure to radiate outwards, making her pussy lips quiver with anticipation. Her pee hole, normally a tiny, unassuming part of her anatomy, had grown taut and sensitive, the skin around it puckered and begging for relief. The muscles of her vagina clenched and unclenched in a futile attempt to hold back the inevitable.

Charlotte's squirming grew more pronounced as the pressure in her bladder reached an unbearable level. Her hips began to rock back and forth, her body instinctively searching for some semblance of comfort. She could feel her pussy lips swelling and becoming engorged, the slickness of her arousal coating her inner thighs. The fabric of the towel grew damper as her juices mingled with the seawater that had seeped through.

Her bladder was like a balloon ready to pop, each heartbeat sending a painful pulse through her lower abdomen. The muscles of her pelvic floor were taut and quivering, desperately trying to keep the floodgates closed. The urine in her bladder was hot and insistent, sending waves of need through her body that she could no longer ignore.

With a sudden gasp, Charlotte felt a warm trickle escape her. A moment of horror washed over her, followed quickly by a wave of relief as the first droplets of pee seeped out of her clenched pee hole. The sensation was shocking, a warm, wet release that she hadn't felt in years, not since she was a child. The fabric of the towel grew darker, soaking up the unstoppable flow as it gushed from her.

Her bladder, having reached the tipping point, gave up its fight and emptied itself with a rush of liquid warmth. The feeling was both humiliating and strangely liberating, a powerful force beyond her control that was now soaking the sand beneath her. Her pussy pulsed with each spurt, sending waves of pleasure and embarrassment through her body. Her clit, engorged from the pressure, was now being tickled by the warm pee, adding an unexpected sensation to the mix.

Suddenly, a yelp pierced the air, and Charlotte's eyes snapped open. She turned to see Brittany, the lifeguard, standing up from her chair, her face a picture of shock and horror. Liquid was running off the chair, a dark stain spreading through the sand around it. For a moment, their eyes met, and in that instant, a strange camaraderie was born. Brittany had done the unthinkable, peeing in her chair.

The lifeguard's bikini was darkening, the fabric clinging to her curves as a stream of liquid ran down her thighs and pooled around her feet. Her cheeks flushed a deep red, but she didn't move to cover herself up. Instead, she looked at Charlotte with a mix of embarrassment and relief, the unspoken understanding passing between them.

Brittany took a deep breath, her chest heaving as she finally allowed the last of her bladder's contents to escape. The wet fabric clung to her, highlighting the outline of her sex, and the scent of urine mingled with the salty air. She reached down and with trembling hands, she peeled the sodden bikini bottoms away from her body, revealing her bare, glistening skin.

The act of peeling her wet bikini away from her body was almost a relief in itself, the fabric no longer pressing against her overly sensitive skin. With a flick of her wrist, she sent the soiled garment flying over the chair rail, where it hung limply. The strings had left red marks on her hips, but the cool breeze that followed brought a welcome respite to her flushed skin.

Her pussy, now fully exposed, was a thing of beauty in its natural state. The outer labia, a soft pink, curved delicately around the inner folds, which were a darker, more intimate shade. The skin was smooth and flawless, with a slight shine from the moisture of the pee that had just been released. Her clit, a tiny nub of pleasure, peeked out from its hood, red and swollen from the intense pressure she had endured. The smell of urine was faint but distinct, mingling with the salty sea air and the sweet scent of coconut sunscreen.

Her eyes locked onto Charlotte's, the connection between them palpable. Without a word, Charlotte pushed herself to her feet and approached the lifeguard stand, her own bladder sending urgent messages that she could no longer ignore. She stepped closer to Brittany, their eyes never leaving each other's. "Are you okay?" she asked softly, her voice laced with concern.

Brittany nodded, a small smile playing on her lips despite the mortification. "I've had better days," she admitted, her voice strained. "But I guess it can happen to everyone eventually."

Unable to hold back any more after seeing Brittany, Charlotte felt the dam within her give way. She squatted down in the sand, her legs spread apart to allow the flow of her pee to escape. The warm liquid gushed from her, spraying out in a wide arc that reflected the sunlight. Her pussy was a geyser of relief, the force of her pee creating small divots in the sand as it hit the ground. Her inner labia were swollen and pink from the pressure, the delicate folds of her sex glistening with the remnants of the salty sea water.

The sound of her urine splattering against the ground was almost musical, a rhythmic beat that seemed to echo the pounding of the waves nearby. Her clit, was now bombarded with the warm stream, sending bolts of pleasure up her spine with each spurt. The feeling of the sand beneath her was both rough and soothing.

The sight of the two of them, peeing, drew the attention of a few nearby beachgoers. Some averted their gaze, uncomfortable with the raw display of bodily function. Others watched with a mix of fascination and arousal, unable to tear their eyes away from the erotic spectacle.

As the last of her pee trickled out, Charlotte felt a wave of relief wash over her. She took a deep breath, letting the salty breeze cleanse her. She looked over at Brittany, who was now standing tall, her chest heaving with the effort of containing her own laughter. The lifeguard's eyes sparkled with a mischievous glint, and she leaned over the chair, her breasts swaying gently.

"You know," she said, her voice low enough to be heard only by Charlotte, "I've always thought this was a bit of a taboo subject, but after today, I might just say screw it and write an article for the local paper about the lack of bathroom facilities on nude beaches."

Her words brought a small laugh from Charlotte, who was still in the throes of her own relief. "I might just join you," she murmured, her cheeks still flushed.

As she finished emptying her bladder, one of the men playing volleyball a few feet away approached. He had been watching the show with an unabashed gaze, his erection clearly visible. "Would you like to join us?" he asked, gesturing to his friends, who had also stopped playing to enjoy the sight of the two women's accidental display.

"What do you mean?" Charlotte asked, her voice shaky as she tried to stand, her legs feeling a bit wobbly from the intense relief she had just experienced.

The man, a tall, muscular figure with a mop of curly hair and a charming smile, gestured to the volleyball in his hand. "Would you like to come play with us?"

Feeling a mix of excitement and nerves, Charlotte looked down at her still-wet pussy, the sand sticking to her skin. But she knew that was part of the thrill of being on a nude beach; embracing the natural and the unexpected. She nodded, a small smile playing on her lips. "Sure, I'd love to."

