Miss Ruiz And Her Desperate Day - A Teacher`s Torturous Tribulations

Author: ar ar ar

*000*2026-02-16 00:44

Hi all!

This is the first chapter of a five-part story. I've written three parts so far.

A college teacher and her struggles to get through her day as a mass of desperation builds up.

Even some of her students may find themselves in similar situations along the way...

THIS STORY INCLUDES BOTH OMO AND POOP DESPERATION

(LITTLE DISCLAIMER FOR THOSE NOT INTO POOP DESPERATION AS WELL)

I hope you guys enjoy. Let me know what you think!

Morning first lesson:

Camilla stepped into the entrance corridor of her place of work - Emmerson College at 8:30 AM just as usual as every other day. She’d had a relaxed slow start this morning after finally getting some well-earned rest over the weekend. Woke up at 6, shower, breakfast while drying off, all-refreshing morning piss, got dressed up for the day, and a short drive to work.

She had on an outfit that suited the hot summer weather and it would only get warmer throughout the day. A fitting sky blue layered silky fabric top that exposed a fair bit of her ample cleavage, accompanied by a thin yellow cotton cardigan for the sake of trying to keep a bit of modesty. Around her waist was a wide orange, yellow, and peach tie dyed sash belt adorned with a decorative metal flower buckle, slightly pulling in her waist and little pouch of natural belly. Covering her lower half was a thin, stretchable black knee-length skirt that hugged and clung to her curvature, not leaving any outline to the imagination - she liked it in this heat because it was easy to adjust in length and wasn’t overly warm. Lastly she had small black heels that elevated her slightly but weren’t ridiculous to walk in. And in this weather, she’d make the most of catching any cool breeze she could; and hence left the house without any trace of underwear to restrict her.

Camilla often caught the gaze of both colleagues and students. Her youthful 27 year-old figure was a road race of curves of generous proportion. Half Mexican, she had a healthy looking tanned complexion. Though she was rather tall for a woman at 5’10, she also had a large frame to go with it. Not fat, although she ate good and she knew it, she had the remnants of what used to be a more athletic build covered by a layer of her own making. Two large round perky breasts that left a cavern of cleavage that was hard to keep out of view.

A shapely impressive ass and thick thighs that twisted and met against each other as she strutted towards her first lecture room for the day. Her waist was very subtly pulled inwards by her sash belt as well as her little extra pouch of tummy. She had hips that accentuated her waist even more so, and her pelvis puffed outwards, often causing her the embarrassment of a noticeable cameltoe if she was ever in tight-fitting pants. Luckily that wasn’t the case today, as her skirt hugged round her legs and with a bit of give and flounce left to it, the back draped over the outline of her two great ass cheeks.

However underneath this favoured breezy black skirt, she kept a thick luscious bush of soft black abyss which had complete full coverage of her pussy. This was in case any clothing was slightly see-through or accidentally seen up by anyone lucky enough, she hoped her ample shrubbery would give the facade of looking enough like simple black panties. All round she was just a well-maintained abundance of curvature. “If you look good and feel even better, it’s because you been eating good. Anybody has a problem with it, make sure it’s not you.” - Her grandma always used to say to her through her teenage years as her figure was developing into what it had become now.

Her facial features were delicate and mostly rounded, though she had stronger cheekbones and quite a dignified nose. Her eyes were dark coffee brown, surrounded by a few little patches of freckles. She had a shoulder-length mane of voluminous dark brunette waves that stayed neatly enough out of her face, and bounced with every step she took.

The young college teacher made her way through the maze-like corridors until finally she arrived at her lecture hall. She sat down at her desk and started to set up everything for her first lesson.

As she signed into her laptop, she felt a short sharp tight sensation from her stomach. What she had been keeping to herself was a mortifying embarrassing secret she had rather hoped to have dealt with over the weekend… But by now… Camilla had not had a substantial bowel movement for 9 days. Over a full week's worth of waste was stuck somewhere inside her and failing to get out, no matter how hard she had tried over the last few days, how much midweek spicy food from her family recipes - Her efforts so far had been futile. And she ate a lot to keep herself going and energised; she was tall and a whole lotta woman.

She felt full and bloated and like a constant low pressure was making fun of her struggle. And even though there was the slightest cooling breeze from the open windows, the summer’s heat was not exactly soothing her current state. This reminded her - she took out her large 1.5 litre bottle of cooled refreshing water with a few ice cubes still intact, and took a few quick gulps.

That did the trick; she could feel the icy cool drink flow down through her and a vague cooling sensation spread through her body. She glanced at her laptop checking the time - five minutes until her students would flood into the hall and start scribbling down notes in their seats. She contemplated what time she’d be able to have a break and thought through her fluid intake accordingly. She wasn’t afraid of being caught short, in fact she knew she had a pretty big bladder, so felt confident that she could get through her bottle soon enough with no trouble within her two hour lecture.

Sure enough, a few students came a little early to get laptops and whatnot set up - followed by a few larger groups that filled most of the usual seats. Camilla was satisfied with the turnout and numbers enough to get started with this morning’s lesson.

“Okay you lot, how are we today?” She asked the room.

“Yeah, good- Fine- Tired- Good- Pretty good- I was in bed only 40 minutes ago, Miss.” They all called back at the same time, a few low moany voices amidst the students.

“Okay yeah, I know it’s monday - just woke up, doom and gloom, but at least the sun is out and the weather is great.” She remarked as she took a swig of cold water.

“I got a simple point-and-write kinda presentation, AND I decided to be nice enough to leave you all handouts of basically a revision knowledge organiser. So I’ll make sure we go a little easy this morning.”

As she scanned the room, she realised a couple of seats were empty with her handout laid on top.

“Okay, I’m guessing today we got no Toby and no Ja-”

- The door opened with a haste and a final student darted in, panting a bit and looking a little frazzled.

“Morning! Sorry Miss Ruiz, my bus route was delayed by roadworks.”

This student was Jayce. She was about 5’3, pale-ish complexion, dark redhead. She had a pretty fit figure with a little thickness on top. Rather noticeable perky breasts, quite a well-built rounded butt, and athletic thighs. She was wearing what could pass as casual sportswear, but made sense with the humidity of the weather. A very form fitting cyan crop top which cupped her breasts together and showed a little cleavage, with an open cropped grey hoodie on top. And on her lower half, she had black legging shorts covering from just below her belly button and down to her upper thigh, which fit snugly round every curve and into every crevice - she’d obviously got nothing underneath.

“Ah Jayce, good morning. Eh don’t worry about it - out of anyone’s control. Just go sit down, you look like you could do with it. Oh and have a look at the handout on your seat.” Camilla tried to put the frazzled girl at ease.

Jayce’s white trainers became a blur as she quickly jogged up the steps to the higher seats to get set up. And with her back momentarily turned towards the teacher, Camilla thought she almost saw the girl slightly clench her ass cheeks a little, but didn’t care to give it any thought.

“So yes, as I was saying. Simple but rather long presentation for you guys to take notes from. And I’ll try to go easy on questioning people, but maybe I’ll put a few of you on the spot, eh!” She explained in a calm but playful manner.

Time was flying by. Miss Ruiz was growing a little bored of reading out and explaining the context of her intricately thought out presentation, occasionally throwing out the odd question to whoever just to make sure her students were taking it in.

She took very intermittent small swigs of her water between explaining and waiting as people hastily scribbled down notes or typed them into their own documents.

About an hour and ten minutes through, Camilla swore she could hear the faintest, gentle tapping noise on the floor, although she couldn’t place where in the room it was coming from. A very constant tapping, but not loud enough to be any bother to anyone. It almost blended in with the ambience of the trees rustling in the breeze just outside the opened windows.

Sat in her office chair, she swivelled round to her right, facing the window. She then parted her legs slightly and felt the very momentary cool air blow up between her thighs and through the very warm fluffiness of her thick triangle of shadow. She loved the advantage of having a desk with a full panel that obscured her legs from view. She often used this to help her discreetly catch any cooling gust up between her usually overheating upper thighs. Or sometimes if some days she hadn’t caught enough time in her breaks to relieve herself, she would jam a hand down between her legs to hold herself, thankfully without fear of being caught by her students. Although she’d only had to do so maybe two or three times before at most.

Ten minutes left to go. She’d now finished rambling on and could take a small rest.

“Okay, I’m gonna put up a slide which you’ll find very useful to copy extra notes and context from. As well as that, there’s a very short quiz I’ve set you, just to make sure you guys have paid attention- very short, I promise. So, spend the last ten minutes doing all that, and make sure you get your quiz answers to me, on paper or email - I don’t mind.” Miss Ruiz called out to the room.

She sat back and relaxed a bit, glancing on and off checking for emails while facing her open legs towards the window as her skirt became a nice wind funnel.

She heard light but quick-paced footsteps approaching. She swivelled round in her office chair, which its seat struggled to contain Miss Ruiz’s bountiful thighs and derrier- It was Jayce. Her boobs did a little jiggle while she bent stiffly forwards a bit as she came to a sudden halt in front of Miss Ruiz’s desk.

“Hola lovely, what can I do for you?” Camilla inquired.

“Um, m- may I be able to quickly go to the bathroom?” The slightly hobbling girl asked.

“Mmm, I’ve been told off for letting people go during lesson time. You only got seven minutes left though. And there’s toilets literally right next door to this room, so not a huge trek, huh?

I’m sorryyy. I don’t want to push my luck or anyone else’s luck with head of behaviour, you know.” Replied the teacher, apologetically.

Jayce looked a little defeated, and Camilla then noticed the girl had given herself a bit of a front wedgie, with the front of her tight legging shorts pulled up between her pussy giving her quite the cameltoe - the poor girl must have had to go bad if she was resorting to that.

“Oh… N- no that’s fine. Forgot they’re right next to this room… I’ll survive.” Jayce accepted lightheartedly but with a slightly worried expression that was giving her true mood away.

“I’m sorry, but yeah not long to wait now. Just get that quiz to me. Hopefully I can let people out a tiny bit early.” Camilla said, trying to be reassuring and changing the topic.

“Yeah, no problem Miss.” Jayce slowly made her way back up to her seat with almost a cautious hobble, her stocky muscular thighs brushing against each other. And once again, this time her buttocks were clenching on and off a little harder. With a hand disappearing towards her front as she was turned away from her teacher.

Camilla felt bad, but knew it wouldn’t be long now before the bell rang for the next lesson.

By now, she’d drunk through over half of her 1.5 litre bottle. She felt perfectly fine for now, besides the muted sting in her blocked up bowels.

Tap-tap-tap-tap-tap-tap

It was back. The tapping noise from before. But a bit louder. This time, she was pretty sure she knew the origin of the sound. Camilla looked up, over towards Jayce. Her left hand was not to be seen while the rest of her arm was at an odd angle downwards hidden behind her laptop. Her right hand was furiously typing away. But the laptop itself was jiggling a bit. Her legs were bouncing rapidly and rhythmically, her shoes tapping away on the floor.

Camilla felt awful for the poor girl, she looked utterly desperate. Once again, she looked back at her own laptop for emails. The final few quiz answers had come through. That was enough for her, the full two hours were nearly up.

“Okay everybody! You can pack up your things and get ready to move on for the bell.”

So everyone did just that.

Jayce had already done so preemptively, and just slid her laptop into her backpack.

The bell went off. Its high pitch ringing blurting out.

“Okay please leave lowest row to highest row, we don’t want clustering at the door. Now go, get out of my hall. Happy Monday hahaha!”

Row after row left after each other. Camilla, not paying much attention while she switched round her own things ready for the next lesson.

Finally the highest row made their way down the steps, with Jayce at the very end of everyone else. Her footsteps louder and more hastened than any time before. Camilla, while focusing on her own work, could tell it was her tormented student on her way to get relief.

“Sorry Jayce! Hope you have an easier da-”

As she swivelled round to say bye, she was taken aback with quite a surprise.

Jayce was very quickly waddling out the doorway, darting towards the toilets just nextdoor. But it wasn’t enough… Her relief had already started.

A few rivulets of urine were running down her legs, a few small dribbles of piss forcing themselves out from between her already sweat-glazed thighs, splattering on the floor.

But more than this. Her bubble-like ass cheeks were completely parted, with a slow crackling noise emerging. What looked like a giant’s finger pointing to the ground behind her, was trying to poke through the back of her tight, form fitting shorts. She had a log of poop already trying to escape her, and it was very much past the point of just turtleheading.

Then she disappeared round the corner out of sight and that was that. With Jayce having been the very last person to leave, Camilla was fairly certain nobody else had seen the girl’s predicament, well at least she hoped so.

It would be once again five minutes before the next lot of students came in. Camilla decided to go round to the bathrooms to refill her mostly finished bottle. As she got up from her seat, she went to check for any traces of Jayce’s… overspillage. Sure enough at the last few steps beside the seats there were a few drops that were quickly drying off, either into the thin fuzz of the carpet, or lifted by the heat. And by the door, a few larger splatters that Camilla tried to smudge into the carpet with the sole of her shoe.

As she walked through the bathroom door just a few metres from her class she couldn’t help but notice the thin intermittent trails of urine leading to one of the stalls. But halfway along it… a lonesome thick brown log that had obviously managed to slip out of Jayce’s shorts and escape well before reaching the toilet bowl. Camilla could hear somebody lightly sobbing and sighing further down the spacious line of cubicles. She knew exactly who it must be. She quietly turned on the tap to refill her water back to the very top. She didn’t want to disturb the girl or let her know someone had found the scene she’d left behind her. Discreetly, she left the bathroom to go back to the large open hall.

*003*2026-02-16 06:39

{{1 hour ago, Blueyedhaw said:

Aw yeah! If we are getting desperate girls each class, this story must go on!

}}

Hi! This is actually based on the story I requested when you were doing your little anthology series of this type of thing way back. I started it ages ago but I've finally written a lot more.

*006*2026-02-16 12:26

{{2 hours ago, FlowingFaster said:

I can't quite picture what this classroom is supposed to look like. Is it a big room with 50 or 60 desks with an auditorium sloping floor or is it a small traditional classroom with windows to the outside that can fit a maximum of 20 students?

}}

Yeah my bad. More a sloping auditorium type set-up. Should've done better describing it. Noted!

*011*2026-02-23 21:35

Lesson 2:

As Camilla returned, she found about a third of the usual seats already filled with the usual familiar faces.

“Morning you lot. We’ll wait for the rest to hopefully come through in a minute, but do feel free to take down a few notes. Halfway through I’m gonna have you guys do a pop quiz and you should be able to do that within that half hour easily enough.”

She gulped down a hefty few swigs while some of her ice was still not fully melted.

A few minutes later, her lecture hall was filled.

She spoke her usual spiel, asked her usual questions. This class was going by nice and easy.

“Ok, now for that quiz I mentioned earlier! Hehehe, thought I’d forget? Once you're done, email me your results, and I’ll let you get out. It should take you around half an hour, so basically to the end of class. Any questions, I’ll be right here. But, now I’m gonna relax and look through emails.”

Camilla sat down in her chair, again facing towards the cool breeze of the open window.

Looking through her emails, she remembered “oh shit” as she saw one titled “Meeting from 12:05 to 12:55”. She had almost forgotten about the senior leadership team meeting.

“Well, that’s my lunch break gone.” She grumbled to herself under her breath.

Five minutes left of class…

“Alright you lot, start sending your quiz answers my way if you haven’t already! Then pack your stuff and get out. Go, go, enjoy the rest of your day!”

Camilla stayed seated and waited for everyone to clear out.

Half her water was left. “Perfect amount” she thought.

Leaning over from her chair with her thighs spilling over the edges, she reached down into her bag and pulled from it a small sachet.

This sachet contained laxative powder - not too strong, as she knew she may have a busy day to get through. But good lord, she wanted some relief from the stagnant aching mass in her gut.

She ripped it open and stirred the powder into the rest of her drink…

*012*2026-02-23 21:49

Hey guys. Part 4 is early in the works, it will be a much longer one. I'll post part three when that is nearly done.

*014*2026-02-24 21:33

The meeting:

Around an hour had gone by. Clicking, tapping, typing away her free time checking emails, answering questions.

Camilla had finished her second full bottle of the day about 40 minutes ago.

She was now feeling a familiar twinge in her bladder as all that hydration was slowly creeping up on her.

“Ok, slides all fixed, urgent emails done.”

Her brown eyes flickered towards the on-screen clock - 12:02

“Oh FUCK!” She’d become so engrossed in her clicking, tapping, typing that she’d lost track of time.

“Oooh fuck you only have four minutes.” She said to herself angrily. Four minutes to make sure she got to her meeting on time, and she liked to be early and look calm and professional. She somehow doubted that calmness would show this afternoon.

Click-clack, click-clack. The small heels of her shoes echoed as she jogged down the corridors, halls, passed students “Hi Miss, nice d-” the voice faded away as Camilla kept going. Through the courtyard “Oh wow, beautiful day. Damn it’s scorching out.” her thoughts flickered. Click-clack, up the stairs towards the headmasters office, down the corridor…

“SLT ROOM” a sign read on the second door from the stairs.

She collected herself for a second, then turned the handle of the door.

“Hey everyone!”

“Camilla!” “Afternoon.” “Ha, we managed to beat you here.” Greetings flooded the room on her arrival.

She glanced at the clock while taking a seat - 12:04, just in time.

“I got coffee for everyone!” Called out the last member to arrive - Bethany. Young, short, blonde, very curvaceous, not much older than the students even. She was always trying to make a good impression and seem like the fun perky newbie with her bright ideas and something to show off.

She handed them out to everyone, 8 of them in total.

“Welcome again, everyone. Good to see you all. We’ve got a decent bit to get through and discuss today, so prepare to be bored. Although, I must admit, some of the opportunities we’ll get to are actually rather interesting. I’ll try not to chew your ears off with every little detail though.” The Headmaster, Jonathan, started his introductory spiel as Bethany handed out a coffee to Camilla.

“Oooh, thanks my lovely.” She said with a grateful look. “... I might need it in order to survive this ordeal of endless syllables.” Camilla whispered.

Bethany gave her an understanding look and chuckled.

As Camilla took her first sip, then she remembered - that slight twinge. That little notification from her bladder.

“Shit, I forgot to go before this.” She thought to herself.

“Ehh I’m fine for now, I can go once this meeting is over.”

She was indeed in not much need of the bathroom as of yet.

12:35 - Half an hour had trudged on filled with ideas about disciplinary systems, examination standards, how the college was fairing in relation to the other local institutions. All Miss Ruiz could do was just wait and chime in where she felt she could be of use or when she was called upon.

However, all she really had her mind on was the now, growing pressure from within her bladder. It wasn’t anything too bad. But she knew how she had drunk this morning plus now that small cup of coffee as well, it would only grow worse from here on.

Grrrrrrlllp

Camilla winced slightly and put a hand on her soft bloated stomach.

“Hmm. Potentially good news.” She thought.

She could feel something deep in her guts start to move. Finally, it was something, anything. Perhaps that coffee had given the laxative powder from before an extra boost.

But these small shifts inside of her were now making her more aware of her bladder as well.

Her mind and ears pricked back towards the conversation at hand as she heard Jonathan say something that seized her attention.

“Oh, yes, just a reminder… as mentioned last week to both students and staff; the council are doing ongoing reworkings to the plumbing systems from under the road near the south-west quarter of our Site 2 across the road. This means the water system for the entire south half of Site 2 has had to be turned off. The bathrooms are closed around that area. The only available staff ones are along the corridor of the Staff Room. And please direct any students to the newly acquired temporary porta-loos just out by the back field.”

Bethany spoke up, “The back field? That’s quite a way from any of the actual classes or halls.”

“Yes, we’re aware, but the facilities are far too large to place anywhere else on the grounds. It's just for this week.” Replied the headmaster.

The talk of bathrooms did not help shift Camilla’s mind. She only had one class of the day after this meeting with an hour in between the two, still on Site 1, in her usual classroom.

12:53 - Nearly done. Miss Ruiz however was feeling more frequent messages from her insides. Something large and cumbersome was lumbering its way slowly through her intestines now, and this only added pressure against her bladder. It felt like it was filling doubly fast. Her need was catching up to her now.

Camilla started to press her feet into the floor, causing her full shapely thighs to slightly flex, and curling her toes tightly.

“Well I think that’s all for the agenda today, sorry it was quite a full one.” Jonathan started rounding things to a close.

“Oh, miss Ruiz - sorry, you probably need to go by now.”

Whhaaattt??? What did he mean? She wasn’t desperate yet, was it really obvious?

“Uhh, sorry? Go where?” She asked - caught off-guard by such a statement.

“Sorry, the cover admin should’ve sent an email this morning. About you covering the invigilating for the psychology exam over on the other site. Everything is set up already, Gordon will let the students in, giving you time to go over there. All you’ll need to do is record their starting time and remind them of the 15 minute mark, and sit with them for the hour. Otherwise, you already know exam conditions and protocol.” He explained hurriedly.

“Oh… I see, yes I’ve done that twice before. Um… Should be fine. Will do!”

“Much appreciated, Camilla. Claim the overtime as well. But yes, you’d better get going. Good to see you and thank you for your contributions.” Jonathan concluded.

Camilla rose from her chair - the high pitch ringing of the bell went off.

“SHIT!” She thought, cursing her luck. No way she’d have time to relieve herself before this surprise exam next.

She went over to the water dispenser, refilled her large bottle, added some ice, and darted out the door. Now only four minutes to get over to Site 2.

“Ok, bye everyone. Thanks for the coffee!”

Click-clack-click-clack-click-clack as she went off in a hurry.

*015*2026-02-24 23:31

Also... After this main story is finished, I was thinking maybe I could do a few short spin-offs about the students who get desperate during this story... Maybe like three at most. "Jayce" from the first part as one of them. If you guys want...

