The Rival Besties

Author: Adamn

*000*2025-03-02 15:26

Part 1: The Besties

In the bustling corridors of Crescent Moon University, where the scent of jasmine tea mingled with the latest academic theories, lived two best friends, Aliya and Mahira. Both were petite Asian students in their late teens, their youthful energy and laughter echoing through the halls. Aliya, with her slightly more pronounced curves, especially her chest, often caught the eye of many, but her heart, along with Mahira’s, belonged to Adam, the charismatic captain of the soccer team.

Adam was not just any student; he was the epitome of cool with his tousled hair, a smile that could light up the darkest lecture hall, and an athletic prowess that made him a legend on the field. His jersey number 10 was more coveted than the latest smartphone model among the students.

Aliya and Mahira, despite being best friends since their first semester at university, found themselves in a peculiar dilemma. Their hearts beat for the same boy, creating an unspoken tension between them. Their friendship was like a well-worn book—comfortable, familiar, yet occasionally revealing new pages of complexity.

Their story began not long ago, during their early days at university, where their bond was forged in an unexpected and unforgettable way, where the seniors had concocted a series of quirky challenges for the incoming freshmen. One of these was particularly notorious: to use the restroom, you had to solve a daily puzzle or remember a password that changed every day. This was part of an initiation meant to foster problem-solving skills, resilience, and, somewhat humorously, bladder control.

Neither Aliya nor Mahira participated in this daily ritual during orientation. They observed the chaos around them, noting how many of their peers were either frantically trying to solve the puzzles or memorizing passwords. They shared a look of mutual recognition, an unspoken agreement that they wouldn't bow to such antics. They didn't solve the puzzles or remember the passwords; they just didn't go to the restroom for that purpose during the orientation week.

It was after the orientation, once the challenges were over, that they found a new use for the faculty's restrooms. They would go there not for relief but as a sanctuary for chitchat, to touch up their makeup, or simply to share a moment of peace amidst the chaos of campus life. It was in these moments, surrounded by the mundane sounds of daily campus life, that they grew close. They talked about everything from their dreams, to their fears, to the latest gossip, all while never once using the facilities for their intended purpose during orientation.

They found humor in their unique bond, often joking about how they were the only ones who truly knew the ins and outs of the bathroom without ever having to "solve" their way in for the usual reasons during those initial days. This ritual continued throughout their years, their bond growing stronger with each passing day, each visit to the restroom not for relief but for friendship.

Now, well into their university journey, their friendship had only deepened.

One lazy afternoon, as they lounged under the shade of an old banyan tree, their conversation veered toward Adam. “He’s just… so dreamy,” Aliya sighed, twirling a strand of her dark hair.

“He’s more than dreamy, he’s… he’s like the sun after days of rain,” Mahira countered, her eyes shimmering with the reflection of her inner thoughts.

The air grew thick with unspoken challenges, and then, with a playful yet daring grin, Mahira proposed, “Let’s settle this, Al. A contest where the winner gets to ask Adam out first.”

Aliya, never one to back down, especially from her best friend, raised an eyebrow. “What kind of contest?”

A mischievous glint appeared in Mahira’s eyes. “A holding contest. We both know we have iron bladders; let’s see who can go the longest without… you know.”

Laughter burst from both of them, the kind that came from deep within, the kind that made their cheeks hurt and their eyes water. It was absurd, yet the challenge was laid down, echoing the spirit of their early university days but now with a new twist.

Aliya, still catching her breath, tilted her head and asked, “Are you sure about this, Mahi?”

Mahira grinned, her eyes sparkling with mischief. “Sure, why not? Afraid of losing it, Al?”

“Don’t be absurd,” Aliya shot back, crossing her arms with mock indignation. “You’re going to be the loser, Mahi. Have you ever seen me desperate before?”

“Nope,” Mahira admitted, shrugging casually.

Aliya smirked, leaning in closer. “But I’ve seen you once. Remember that campus camping trip? I think you—”

“Ahh, stop it!” Mahira interrupted, waving her hands frantically, her cheeks flushing. “That was only because I didn’t go before we left!”

“Okay, okay, I'm just teasing you” Aliya relented, laughing as she held up her hands in surrender. “Then the rules.”

Mahira nodded, her playful grin softening into a more serious expression. “Ah, right, we need to settle the rules then.” With that, they leaned in closer under the banyan tree, their voices dropping to a conspiratorial whisper as they began to hash out the details of their unusual contest.

The rules were meticulously crafted, turning their playful jest into a serious endeavor:

1. The contest would begin the next day at 3 PM, right after their last lecture, in the privacy of their shared dorm room.

2. Each would drink 500ml of water every two hours, ensuring an equal challenge until the night when they’d sleep at the same time.

3. No use of diuretics or any substance that could affect bladder capacity. This rule was especially important since Mahira’s father was a doctor, making such tactics a plausible scenario if not explicitly forbidden. They would swear on their favorite rom-com to keep it fair.

4. The contest must remain a secret; any public display of discomfort would result in a penalty where the offender must drink an additional 500ml of cold water immediately.

5. They would continue until one of them could no longer hold it.

What made this contest even more intriguing was that neither Aliya nor Mahira had ever truly tested the limits of their bladder capacity. Their "iron bladders" were a known fact among their circle, based on casual bragging and their university hangout anecdotes, but they’d never measured it. This contest would not only be about winning Adam’s attention but also about discovering how far their endurance could truly go.

Thus, the contest was set—not just for Adam’s affection, but as a testament to their enduring friendship. It was a new chapter in their story that began with quiet camaraderie in campus hideaways, now moving into the realm of personal endurance and discovery. The unknown limits of their bladders added an element of mystery and excitement, making the challenge all the more compelling.

To be continued…

*003*2025-03-04 06:03

{{23 hours ago, Someguy22 said:

Wow this is amazing so far. More please. 😉

}}

Thanks, Mate! Part 2 is on the way!

*005*2025-03-04 12:53

Part 2: The Contest

The clock struck three, signaling the end of the day's lectures at Crescent Moon University. The campus was buzzing with the usual end-of-day energy, students streaming out of class, eager for the day, but none more so than Aliya and Mahira. They had a secret contest to start, one that would test not just their friendship but the very limits of human biology.

As they walked back to their shared dorm room, Aliya, with a mischievous grin, broke the silence, "So, we shall pee first?"

Mahira, always quick with a counter-question, raised an eyebrow, "Hm, what time did you last pee?"

"7 AM in the morning. How about you?" Aliya responded, her eyes dancing with the anticipation of the contest.

Mahira chuckled, "At 9 before college time. So, we're not even; we need to pee first."

"Okay, so we like to pee together?" Aliya suggested, her voice dropping to a teasing whisper.

"Nahhh, it's gross. We take turns peeing," Mahira replied, her voice sultry with amusement.

"Who goes first then?" Aliya asked, her curiosity piqued.

"It's just a matter of a minute, but let's decide with rock, paper, scissors," Mahira suggested, pulling out her hand with a playful flick of her wrist.

They played, and with a triumphant "Ha!" Mahira won the first round, her scissors cutting Aliya's paper. "Looks like you go first," she said with a smirk, her voice low and teasing.

Aliya rolled her eyes but couldn't hide her amusement. She entered the bathroom first, doing her business while Mahira waited outside, checking her phone with an exaggeratedly patient pose. When it was Mahira's turn, she took her time, knowing the psychological warfare had already begun.

Back in their room, the atmosphere was charged with a mix of excitement and friendly rivalry. They sat on Aliya's bed, facing each other, their eyes locked in a playful, yet seductive glare.

"Prepare to lose, Al. My bladder is like a steel vault, tight and unyielding," Mahira teased, her voice dripping with mock confidence, her eyes challenging.

"Oh, please. Your vault has a leak. My bladder is more like... like a black hole. It just sucks everything in and never lets go," Aliya shot back, her laughter filling the room, her words a playful taunt.

Mahira leaned in, her voice a sultry whisper, "But can your black hole handle the cosmic pressure of a week's worth of water? Or will it collapse under the sheer force of my endurance?"

Aliya leaned back, feigning shock, her voice teasing, "A week? Honey, I'm planning to hold it until I get my diploma. I'll be the first to graduate with a bladder of steel, one that can withstand even the most... tempting of pressures."

They both laughed, the tension easing into camaraderie. "Well, I guess we'll see whose diploma comes with a bathroom key," Mahira said, standing up to set a timer for their first water break, her movements exuding confidence.

As the timer buzzed, marking their first hydration session, they each chugged down their 500ml of water, eyes locked in a silent yet provocative challenge. The water seemed to go down with a proclamation of war, each sip a strategic move in this bizarre contest.

"Since we're feeling adventurous, let's go to the mall," Aliya suggested, a spark of mischief in her eyes. "We can walk around, shop, and... oh, get a large bubble tea."

Mahira's eyes lit up with the challenge, "A large bubble tea, huh? I'll drink mine in one go if you do the same."

They grabbed their bags, heading out to the nearby mall, each step a testament to their determination or perhaps their folly. The sun was still high, casting long shadows as they walked, their conversation a mix of laughter and teasing.

The mall was bustling, perfect for their contest of wills. "Let's start with the bubble tea," Mahira said, leading the way to their favorite shop.

They ordered the largest bubble teas available, the straws thick with anticipation. With a playful toast, they sipped, eyes locked in a challenge, the sweet, milky liquid a new adversary in their contest.

"Here's to our bladders," Aliya said, her voice dripping with irony.

"May they be as strong as our friendship," Mahira responded, taking another long sip.

The bubble tea was just the beginning. They moved from store to store, trying on clothes, their laughter echoing through the fitting rooms. Each piece of clothing was an excuse to tease the other about their endurance.

"Look at you, trying to distract yourself with fashion. But can your bladder handle the pressure of these skinny jeans?" Mahira teased, watching Aliya struggle into a pair.

Aliya laughed, "My bladder's strong enough to handle fashion week. But can yours manage this dress without a bathroom run?" she countered, twirling in a particularly tight dress.

They shopped with a purpose, not just for items but for the challenge. Every purchase was a step further away from relief, each new item a symbol of their endurance.

As they wandered through the mall, they made stops at various water fountains, ensuring they stuck to their hydration schedule. The public setting added an extra layer of challenge; they couldn't show any signs of discomfort without risking a penalty.

"Feeling the pressure yet?" Aliya asked with a smirk, watching Mahira closely as they leaned against a banister, observing the crowd below.

Mahira shot back with a grin, "Not even close. But I bet you're wishing for a restroom right about now."

Their banter continued, each trying to outdo the other in composure and jest. They visited a bookstore, browsing through novels, each page turn a moment of distraction from their internal battle.

"Let's see if you can read this entire book without breaking," Mahira challenged, picking up a thick mystery novel.

Aliya's eyes sparkled with mischief, "I'll read it if you can sit through this entire movie without squirming," she countered, pointing to a nearby cinema showing a three-hour epic.

They bought tickets, the movie an additional test of their endurance. In the dark theater, they whispered and laughed, their comments more about their contest than the film itself. Each sip from their water bottles during the movie was punctuated with a knowing look, a silent challenge.

As the day turned into evening, they decided it was time to head back, their shopping bags a testament to their day's adventure. The walk back was filled with more laughter, more teasing, but also a sense of accomplishment.

"You know, this might be the most ridiculous thing we've ever done," Mahira said, settling into her bed back at the dorm, her voice now drowsy yet still laced with allure.

"Speak for yourself. I'm just training for the world pee-holding championships," Aliya replied, pulling her blanket up but still keeping an eye on Mahira for any signs of discomfort, her gaze playful yet challenging.

The first day of the contest was like a scene from a rom-com where the characters engage in a friendly rivalry that's more about bonding than winning. Their conversation veered from their campus life, their dreams, to the absurdity of their current situation, all laced with a playful, sexy undertone.

"Imagine explaining this to our grandkids one day," Mahira mused, her voice now drowsy.

"Grandkids? They'll think we were mad, not to mention the part where we're fighting over Adam. I bet he'd be horrified if he knew," Aliya said, her voice trailing off as sleep beckoned, her tone teasing yet warm.

"Yeah, but it's our mad story, isn't it? And who knows, maybe Adam will find it... intriguing," Mahira giggled, the sound muffled by her pillow, her voice full of playful promise.

Their laughter died down as sleep began to claim them, the silence punctuated only by the occasional shift in bed or a soft sigh. The lights were off, but the tension of the contest lingered in the air, a silent promise of more laughter, more challenges, and more of the unique, sexy banter that defined their friendship.

The first day ended with no clear winner, just two friends proving that even the most mundane of bodily functions could be turned into an epic tale of friendship, rivalry, and laughter, all wrapped in the playful allure of their competitive spirit. They fell asleep with the anticipation of what the next day would bring, their competitive banter morphing into dreams of victory and camaraderie.

To be continued

*006*2025-03-04 13:05

{{4 hours ago, MikeB said:

Thank you, i like petite, slim girls with a strong, large bladder and a good holding ability.

}}

We have the same taste then😁

*007*2025-03-05 07:06

Part 3: The Record

The morning light crept through the curtains, casting a gentle glow over the dorm room where Aliya and Mahira lay, still in the throes of sleep from their adventurous day. The alarm buzzed at 7 AM, a sound that was both a call to action and a reminder of their ongoing bladder battle.

Aliya stretched, her eyes fluttering open, "Morning, champion. How's your bladder feeling?"

Mahira yawned, sitting up with a smirk, "Still the fortress it was yesterday. And yours?"

"Unbreachable," Aliya replied with a grin, swinging her legs off the bed. They both knew the rules; no relief until one of them couldn't hold it anymore. They went through their morning routines - brushing teeth, changing into workout gear - all while side-eying each other for any sign of weakness.

Aliya then suggested, "How about some jogging? It'll be good for our... stamina."

Mahira, with a playful roll of her eyes, initially refused, "Jogging? Ugh, I was planning on being lazy today."

Aliya, sensing an opportunity, responded with a teasing tone, "Oh, come on, is it laziness or do you need to... you know?"

Mahira, brushing off the insinuation, stood up with exaggerated laziness, "Pfft, please. I'm just conserving my energy. But if you want to jog, let's jog. I'll show you how much energy I have."

They hit the jogging path near their dorm, each step a test of endurance. The morning air was cool, but the tension between them was warm with competition.

"Feeling the urge yet?" Aliya asked, her voice teasing over the sound of their footsteps.

Mahira laughed, "Not even a hint. But I bet you're feeling the pressure with each step."

Their banter continued, each teasing the other about their bladder's fortitude or the lack thereof. "I could jog all day with this bladder," Aliya boasted, her pace picking up.

"Yeah, until you see a water fountain," Mahira countered, matching her speed, their laughter punctuating the morning quiet.

By 9 AM, they headed back to the dorm to grab their 2-liter tumblers, now filled with water, a challenge in itself to carry around campus. They walked to class, their conversation a mix of study plans and playful threats.

"Remember, hydration is key," Mahira reminded Aliya with a mischievous look, sipping from her tumbler.

"And you remember not to spill any," Aliya shot back, her own tumbler in hand, the weight a constant reminder of their contest.

The morning classes dragged on, but their banter kept the time moving. By 11:45 AM, it was break time, and they headed to the campus cafeteria without needing to decide; it was just part of their routine.

Once in the cafeteria, Aliya suggested, "Let's go with iced tea," knowing it would add to their hydration challenge.

"Fine by me. But remember, it's not just about drinking; it's about holding," Mahira responded, her eyes twinkling with the thrill of the game.

They ate their lunch, each bite and sip a tactical move in their ongoing battle. They made sure to refill their tumblers when half-empty, a silent agreement to keep the pressure on.

As the day wore on, they moved from class to class, the tumblers always at hand, a constant reminder of their commitment to this absurd contest. They whispered and giggled, their challenges becoming more about outlasting the other than any real discomfort. But by the end of the day’s classes, after hitting the 24-hour mark, Mahira grew quieter, her usual chatter fading as they trudged back to the dorm. The milestone of a full day without relief hung heavy, and she kept her thoughts to herself, leaving Aliya to carry the conversation with light jabs that went mostly unanswered.

Once back in their room, Aliya stretched and glanced at Mahira, who was unusually subdued. Sensing the moment needed a spark, she said, "How about some yoga to unwind? It’ll test our… flexibility."

Mahira raised an eyebrow, her voice flat but curious, "Yoga? You mean, test whose bladder can handle the downward dog?"

They set up their mats in the living area, the evening sun casting long shadows as they moved into poses. Each stretch was an opportunity for banter, though Mahira’s responses stayed shorter than usual.

"Feeling the stretch, or the urge?" Aliya asked, her voice smooth as she held a challenging pose.

Mahira smirked faintly, "My bladder's as flexible as my spine. But can yours handle the bridge pose without any... leaks?"

They moved through poses, each one a playful challenge. During the warrior pose, Aliya teased, "Look at that warrior stance. But can your bladder hold like that?"

Mahira, easing into a seated forward bend, replied softly, "This pose might just be the one that breaks you, Aliya."

The yoga session was a dance of endurance and teasing, each pose a silent dare. Their laughter filled the room, though Mahira’s was more reserved, mingling with the soft sounds of their movements. The only signs of strain were Aliya’s playful jabs and Mahira’s quieter retorts.

Aliya noticed Mahira’s subdued vibe, feeling she was quieter today than usual. As they paused between poses, she tilted her head and asked, "Hey, what’s up with you? You’re all quiet today—what happened?"

Mahira shrugged, brushing it off. "Nah, it’s nothing."

Aliya said, plopping onto her position with a grin, "You’re still holding strong, right? Or is that fortress starting to crumble?"

Mahira kicked off her own legs, sitting on her mattress with a faint smirk. "It’s rock solid. You’re the one I’m worried about—those tumblers hit you yet?"

Aliya laughed, leaning back on her elbows. "Oh, please. I’m a fortress too. But you’ve been all mysterious tonight—where’s that big mouth of yours?"

Mahira rolled her eyes. "Just saving my energy for tomorrow’s victory speech when you cave first."

"Yeah, right," Aliya shot back, grabbing her water bottle for a pointed sip. "You’re just hoping I’ll crack so you can sneak off without admitting defeat."

Mahira snorted. "In your dreams. I could outlast you blindfolded."

Aliya grinned, setting the bottle down. "Big words from someone who’s barely said ten sentences since class ended. Admit it—you’re feeling the heat."

Mahira huffed, crossing her arms. "I’m fine. You’re the one fishing for cracks."

Undeterred, Aliya grinned and shifted gears. "Okay, then—how long have you ever held it, Mahi? What’s your record?"

Mahira’s eyes narrowed, and she waved a hand dismissively. "Nope, not answering that. Pass."

Aliya laughed, leaning closer. "Oh, come on, it must’ve been that campus camping trip—two whole days. I was feeling a little urge by the end, but you? You looked way more desperate than me."

Mahira’s cheeks flushed, and her voice spiked with a mix of shyness and irritation. "Ugh, I’ve told you so many times already—I didn’t get a chance to go before we left! I woke up late, and my brother was hogging the bathroom. Stop bringing it up!"

Aliya smirked, unfazed. "Doesn’t change the fact you were desperate back then, and—"

Mahira cut her off, her tone sharp. "The night before, we were at Vanka’s birthday party, chugging so many beers we got pretty drunk—remember that?"

Aliya’s eyes lit up. "Ahh, right, Vanka’s birthday party!"

Mahira nodded, her voice dropping as she added, "Right, and I haven’t relieved since then—or even before it at morning."

Aliya’s eyes widened, her grin sharp and playful. "Wow, seriously? After all that beer? Ohh, and it paid off—affected you eventually." She paused, then grinned wider. "But now that I think about it, your face gets kinda cute when you’re desperate, Mahi. All quiet and pouty—like today. By any chance, are you feeling it now?"

Mahira’s face reddened, and she shook her head quickly. "No way, I’m not feeling it yet!" she insisted, her shy denial only deepening the blush on her cheeks.

Aliya, catching the flustered look, leaned in with a teasing singsong. "Oh, that’s the exact face you made back at the camping trip when you were dying to go!"

Mahira’s voice pitched up. "Nooo, I’m not. At least not as desperate as back then!" She froze, realizing her tongue had slipped, handing Aliya the win.

Aliya’s laugh burst out. "A, a, a… someone’s already feeling desperate! Hahaha!"

Mahira flailed, trying to backtrack. "I’m not! Stop it!" She turned the tables, her voice steadier. "What about you? What’s the longest you’ve gone without going?"

Aliya shrugged, still chuckling. "Dunno, really. I always pee when I get home. Like at the camping trip—I held it till we got back. So, maybe two days?"

Mahira’s eyes widened, excitement creeping in. "So you only pee at home, huh?"

Aliya crossed her arms, smirking. "Hmph."

Mahira pressed on, her grin growing. "What if you leave home for a week?"

Aliya snorted. "Of course I’d pee somewhere, you dumbhead."

Mahira’s teasing kicked up a notch. "So even you can’t last a week without going, huh?"

Aliya fired back, eyebrow raised. "Like you could…"

They both burst into laughter, the tension dissolving into shared giggles as they rolled up their mats, the yoga session ending on a high note.

After yoga, they decided to have dinner, choosing light meals to not add too much pressure but aware that every sip of water added to their challenge. They sat cross-legged on the floor, talking about everything except their contest, though the topic was never far from their minds. Mahira stayed subdued, nodding more than speaking.

As they moved to the bedroom, the night routine began, the tension of their bladder challenge palpable. Aliya flicked off the living room light and padded into the bedroom, glancing at Mahira, who trailed behind with her tumbler still in hand. "So, Mahi," Aliya said, kicking off her slippers and sitting cross-legged on her bed, "30 hours down—pretty impressive, huh?"

Mahira set her tumbler on the nightstand and climbed onto her bed, her voice soft but steady. "Yeah, it’s… something. I didn’t think we’d actually make it this far."

Aliya grinned, a teasing edge creeping in. "Oh, come on, don’t tell me the fortress is finally shaking? You’ve been so quiet—I bet you’re secretly dying over there."

Mahira met her gaze, a small smile tugging at her lips. "It’s not dying, okay? Just… I can feel it now. A little. You’re still good, though, right?"

Aliya nodded, leaning back against her pillow. "Yeah, I’m okay. It’s there, though—like a tiny nudge. Nothing big. You’re tougher than I thought, Mahi."

Mahira’s smile grew, though her tone stayed honest. "Thanks. You too. But I’m not losing this, you know. Even if it’s getting harder."

Aliya chuckled, nudging her with a socked foot across the gap between their beds. "Harder, huh? That’s what you get for chugging iced tea like a champ. Still think you’ll outlast me?"

Mahira swatted her foot away, laughing quietly. "Maybe. I’m not giving you the satisfaction of winning yet. You’d never let me live it down."

"True," Aliya admitted, soft-offended. "I can't wait for you to sprint to the bathroom with that cute desperate face again."

Mahira tossed a pillow at her, laughing despite herself. "Shut up! You’re obsessed with that camping trip!"

Aliya echoed, her grin softening. "But honestly? This is kinda fun. Weird, but fun."

"Yeah," Mahira agreed, her voice barely above a whisper. "It’s us, I guess."

As they lay in their beds, the room was quiet except for the occasional shift or the soft sound of breathing. They both knew the other was feeling at least a slight urge, but neither wanted to give in, their bond as friends stronger than the physical need.

"Goodnight, Mahi," Aliya whispered, her voice carrying a note of respect for their shared ordeal.

"Goodnight, Al," Mahira responded, her tone equally warm but faint, the night closing around them with the promise of another day of this bizarre, beautiful battle.

They fell asleep with the knowledge that tomorrow would bring new challenges, new laughter, and the continued test of their friendship and fortitude. The contest had become less about winning Adam's affection and more about proving to each other and themselves what they were capable of enduring together. The night was a truce, but the war of wills would resume with the dawn.

To be continued

*008*2025-03-08 09:49

Part 4: The Breaking

The morning of the third day dawned with a different kind of light, one that seemed to press down on Aliya and Mahira with the weight of their 41-hour ordeal. The air in the room was thick with the unspoken acknowledgment of their growing desperation. Neither wanted to admit it, but their bodies were beginning to rebel against their iron wills.

Aliya stirred first, her eyes opening slowly as she lay still, a faint awareness settling over her. Forty-one hours, she thought, her mind steady, a calm curiosity weaving through her reflection. I’m kinda feeling it now. A gentle pressure pulsed low in her abdomen, not overwhelming but there—a subtle shift, like a whisper growing into a murmur. It’s starting, she mused, unruffled. Not much yet, just a little nudge. I’ve got this in hand.

Mahira blinking her eyes, her body tense as awareness flooded in. The pressure from last night had grown overnight, a slow, creeping weight that pressed against her bladder, heavier now than when she’d drifted off. It wasn’t desperation—not yet—but an ache that coiled in her gut, sharper than before. I’m fine, just… off. It’s growing, though—what if it gets worse? With the thought of her routine peed before bed but had skipped it for the past two days, and the pressure was heavier now, an uneasy weight she couldn’t ignore.

Aliya broke the silence first, her voice lacking the playful tone of the previous days, "How are you holding up?"

Mahira brushed a strand of hair from her face, her tone clipped but normal. “Fine. Solid as ever.” She avoided Aliya’s gaze, busying herself with smoothing her blanket.

Aliya tilted her head, a smirk tugging at her lips. “Oh? Even after skipping your little privy routine twice? You always pee before bed—must be a record for you.”

Mahira’s shoulders stiffened, and she shot back, defensive but quiet, “I don’t need it. I’m good. Stop making it a thing.”

“Mm-hmm,” Aliya hummed, her calm tone laced with mischief. “No cracks yet? Two nights without your bathroom trip—I’d be squirming by now.”

Mahira’s cheeks flushed, and she crossed her arms, voice rising slightly. “I’m not squirming! I’m fine! What about you, huh? How’re you holding up?”

Aliya chuckled, unfazed, and leaned forward, her honesty disarming. “Oh, I’m not a hypocrite, Mahi. I’ll admit it—I’m feeling an urge now. Nothing crazy, but it’s there. Thought maybe you’d fess up too, you know, keep it real.”

Mahira froze, her defiance wavering. She shifted on the bed, then muttered, barely audible, “Okay, fine. I… feel it a little. A tiny bit desperate, maybe.”

Aliya’s eyes lit up, intrigued. “You must be. And later, by the end of class, you’ll be a mess—didn’t you say two days was your limit on that camping trip?”

Mahira’s face burned red, a mix of shyness and irritation flaring. “I can hold more than that! I’m not some weakling—you’ll see!” Her voice was sharp, but she clammed up after, retreating into herself.

Aliya just grinned, letting it drop as they moved through their morning routines—brushing teeth, changing into casual campus clothes—all with sidelong glances and unspoken tension. Mahira stayed quiet, her usual chatter replaced by fidgety energy. Aliya, meanwhile, kept her cool, tossing out calm teases like, “Need a break first before class, Mahi?” only to get a grumbled “Nope” in return.

They went through the motions of their morning routine, each movement a silent battle against their bodies' demands. The campus day began like any other, but with an undercurrent of tension that wasn't there before. They moved from class to class, the weight of their tumblers now a burden rather than a challenge.

By lunch, the pressure was palpable. They sat across from each other in the cafeteria, the act of eating now secondary to the mental game they were playing. Their choice of food was minimal, their focus on the beverages they knew they had to consume. The banter had lost some of its lightness, each word now carrying the weight of their endurance. They refilled their tumblers, the act almost mechanical now, part of the contest that had become as much about survival as about winning. The water, once a symbol of their challenge, now felt like a punishment.

As the day's classes ended, marking the 48-hour milestone, the teasing turned more intense, less about humor and more about pushing each other's limits. The campus was emptying out, collegers eager for the weekend, but for Aliya and Mahira, the day had stretched into an eternity. They trudged back to the dorm, both visibly strained. Aliya’s steps were deliberate, Mahira’s a touch frantic, her hands twitching at her sides. Once inside, Aliya flopped onto her bed and glanced at Mahira, who stood stiffly by the door.

“So,” Aliya said, voice light, “desperate yet?”

Mahira’s reply was weak, her bravado fading. “Not… not really. I’m okay.” She wouldn’t meet Aliya’s eyes.

Aliya laughed softly. “Oh, come on. Want to cross your legs? Might help.”

Mahira’s eyes flashed, her shout ragged. “No! You’re desperate too—I see it! Stop pretending you’re invincible!”

Aliya shrugged, not denying it. “Sure, I feel it. But I’ve got an iron will, Mahi. I’m winning this—you’ll crack first. I can taste it.”

Mahira’s eyes narrowed, her frustration boiling over. “No way! I’ll be the winner—you’ll see!” Her quiet spell snapped, replaced by a sudden burst of energy, like the challenge had reignited her fire.

Aliya whirled, "I’ll see you tomorrow then when you’ve lost that puffed-up confidence, Mahi. It’s coming.”

"Still think you can go another day?" Mahira asked, her voice low, challenging.

Aliya's response was equally charged, "I'll go until you give up."

Mahira's eyes narrowed, a fierce determination in her gaze, "Don't count on it. I'll hold longer than you ever could."

The evening brought with it the promise of a weekend, and with it, a party they had agreed to attend. The idea of socializing in their current state seemed almost masochistic, but neither wanted to back out now. It was a test of not just their bladders but their social endurance as well. Mahira slipped into a fitted black short dress—not too formal, hugging her frame—while Aliya went casual in a white crop top and baggy jeans. As they got ready, Aliya couldn’t resist.

“Nice dress,” she said, smirking. “No pressure on the bladder, huh? And if you need to pee, it’s a quick escape.”

Mahira shot back, defiant, “Oh, please. Your big, baggy jeans are the real giveaway—relaxing all that pressure.”

At the party, the atmosphere was electric, filled with the buzz of college life unwinding for the weekend. Music thumped through the walls, laughter and chatter filled the air, but for Aliya and Mahira, it was a minefield of potential embarrassments. Their usual laughter was replaced by tight smiles and calculated movements, every step measured to avoid any accidental pressure.

The incident happened when Aliya, moving through the crowd, accidentally received a light kick to her groin from someone turning too quickly. Her reaction was immediate; she clenched her legs together, her hands shooting to her crotch in a reflex to keep everything in. Mahira, who had seen the whole thing, didn't miss the opportunity.

"That's a penalty drink, Al—hands on the crotch counts! Your body's betraying you," she said, her voice dripping with a mix of concern and accusation.

Aliya straightened, arguing, “It was an accident! Come on, that’s not fair!”

“Rules are rules,” Mahira said, smirking, her frantic edge giving way to glee. “You take it after the party—back at the dorm.”

The crowd pulsed around them, sweat and laughter thick in the air. Aliya rubbed her aching crotch, glaring at Mahira, who buzzed with triumph, her frantic energy now a weapon. Mahira’s eyes darted through the chaos, then locked onto something—a rickety table in the corner, red cups stacked, a handful of partygoers cheering over a bouncing ping-pong ball.

Mahira dragged Aliya to a beer pong table. “Seven-cup rule,” she declared. “Let’s see who’s really got it.”

Aliya grinned, competitive spark flaring. “I’ll crush you.”

“We’ll see,” Mahira shot back, confidence surging.

The game kicked off tight—first round, both scored, balls rolled back, and they went again. Aliya sank her second shot, Mahira missed, and Aliya crowed, “Get ready to drink all of this, Mahi.”

Mahira stayed quiet, downing her glass with a calm sip, but the game tilted fast. By the end, Aliya was losing 6-3, her shots sloppy, her annoyance growing. Aliya, already on edge from the incident, found herself losing more than she would have liked. Each shot she missed was like a blow to her resolve. Six shots down, her bladder was screaming in protest, each gulp of beer a betrayal to her endurance. At game point, she missed again, and Mahira landed hers with a firm flick. “That’s it,” Mahira said, triumphant. “Drink.”

Aliya gulped her seventh glass, and the wave hit—her bladder screamed, she couldn't suppress a little moan, her legs crossing involuntarily as the liquid hit her already strained bladder. Mahira's smirk was immediate, her eyes sharp with the thrill of seeing Aliya's struggle. Mahira burst out laughing. “Second penalty! You’re done for! Cold water, to cool that bladder down."

Mahira, with her three shots, was not faring much better, but she hid her discomfort well, her taunts a cover for her own struggle. The party around them was oblivious to their private war, the music and laughter a stark contrast to the silence that now stretched between them.

Back at their dorm, the tension hung thick, almost suffocating, as the game’s tide had turned against her. Aliya, now visibly in distress, she will faced the penalty water with a grimace, her movements slow and deliberate, after all seven shots fire raging in her abdomen.

The dorm door banged shut behind them, the echo sharp in the stillness of the night. The party’s chaos still buzzed in their ears—thumping music, spilled beer, Mahira’s cackling triumph—but now, in the dim glow of their room, it was time to settle the score. Aliya’s penalty loomed: two glasses of cold water, a brutal toll for her dance floor slip-up, hands clutching her crotch after that drunken kick.

Aliya kicked off her shoes, her white crop top clinging to her sweat-damp skin, baggy jeans sagging as she trudged to the tiny kitchenette. Her bladder throbbed—a hot, relentless ache that pulsed with every step, sharpened by seven beers and stubborn refusal. She yanked open the fridge, the cold air a fleeting tease against her flushed face, and pulled out a pitcher of water, ice clinking ominously.

Mahira flopped onto her bed, still in her tight black dress, legs swinging as she propped herself on her elbows. Her eyes glinted with victory, her voice a smug spear. “Well, well—penalty time, Aliya. Two glasses, ice-cold. Let’s see that iron will now.”

Aliya shot her a glare, pouring the first glass with deliberate slowness, the water glugging out in a taunting rhythm. “Shut it, Mahi,” she growled, voice low and edged. “This doesn’t mean you’ve won—rules are rules, that’s all.”

Mahira’s laugh was a sharp bark, her grin widening. “Rules you broke! Hands on the crotch—caught you red-handed! And then beer pong? Seven-three, Aliya—I owned you! Drink up, loser—this is just the start!”

Aliya’s fingers tightened around the glass, the chill biting her palm. She lifted it, staring into the clear depths, ice cubes bobbing like tiny threats. “You’re insufferable,” she muttered, raising it to her lips. “But I’m still standing. Watch me take this and keep going.”

Mahira leaned forward, her tone a frantic jab. “Oh, please—you’re shaking already! All seven beers into your bladder without a single relief over 55 hours, and now this? You’re gonna crack—I can smell it!”

Aliya’s eyes narrowed, and she tilted the glass, the first icy gulp hitting her throat like a shockwave. She swallowed hard, the cold slicing down, pooling in her stomach, and her bladder spasmed—a vicious, twisting pang that made her breath hitch. She clenched her jaw, forcing her hand steady, and kept drinking, each swallow a battle. The water was relentless, filling her, pressing against the already overstretched walls inside.

Mahira pounced, voice rising. “Look at you—freezing up! That’s hitting hard, isn’t it? Bet you’re dying to cross those legs right now!”

Aliya slammed the empty glass down, the clink ringing out as she wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. “Cut it,” she snapped, her voice a controlled snarl. “One down. I’m fine—still tougher than you’ll ever be.”

Mahira’s smirk twisted, her legs kicking the air. “You’re wincing, Aliya! That second glass is gonna bury you—go on, pour it! I want to see that fortress fall!”

Aliya’s hand hovered over the pitcher, her pulse hammering. The ache was louder now, a deep, insistent roar she couldn’t ignore. She poured the second glass, slower this time, the ice clattering louder, the water’s surface rippling like her fraying resolve. “You’re obsessed,” she said, voice calm but strained, lifting it. “This won’t break me. You’ll see.”

Mahira scooted to the edge of her bed, eyes wild. “I’m just watching you squirm! Drink it—prove you’re not crumbling!”

Aliya locked eyes with her, a defiant glint cutting through the haze, and tipped the glass back. The cold hit again, brutal and unyielding, cascading down her throat. Halfway through, her free hand twitched toward her waist, instinct screaming to press down, but she caught herself, gripping the counter instead. The water surged, her bladder screaming—a white-hot jolt that made her knees buckle slightly. She forced the last gulp, gasping as she slammed the glass down, her chest heaving.

Mahira’s laugh erupted, a frantic cackle. “Oh, that was gold! You’re buckling, Al—look at you!"

Aliya straightened, her face flushed, hands curling into fists. “Shut up, Mahi,” she hissed, voice trembling with fury. “I’m still here—two glasses down, and I’m not running. You’re the one who’ll crack—keep dreaming.”

"Seven shots and two penalties of cold water. You sure you can sleep with all that, Al?" Mahira couldn't resist one more jab as they prepared for bed.

Aliya, feeling the weight of every drop she had consumed, fought back, "You had three shots yourself. Don't act like you're not feeling it too."

Mahira's response was sharp, "I'm feeling it, but I'm not the one who's about to give up. So, how’s it feel? All of that?"

“Cut it,” Aliya snapped, tossing her jeans aside to get ready for bed. “I’m fine—just need sleep.”

Mahira’s tease followed her. “Yeah, sleep before the pressure keeps you up all night. Sweet dreams, loser.”

Aliya had no comeback, just a huff as she climbed into bed. Mahira’s smirk lingered as they drifted off. The room fell into silence, both too proud to admit the truth; they were both at their limits. Lying in bed, each lost in their thoughts, Aliya was acutely aware of every movement her body made, each one threatening to end their contest. She thought about the beer, the cold water, how each had pushed her closer to the edge. The room seemed to close in on her, the walls echoing with the sound of her own heartbeat.

Meanwhile, Mahira, despite her outward confidence, was equally desperate. Her mind raced with the thought that Aliya must be far worse off than her, giving her a perverse sense of victory even as she felt her own bladder's protests. She knew sleep would be elusive, each shift in bed a gamble. The darkness of the room was a small mercy, hiding her clenched fists and the way she subtly pressed her legs together to alleviate some pressure.

The night passed in restless silence, both wrestling with their bodies' demands and their pride. The contest had long transcended the initial playful challenge for Adam's attention; it was now a test of personal endurance and a battle of wills between two friends who knew each other's breaking points all too well.

As they lay there, the tension between endurance and friendship became palpable. The night, with its quiet and darkness, forced them to confront not just the physical strain but the emotional toll this contest had taken on their bond. However, this chapter of their story ends here, with the night still unfolding, their friendship tested, but the resolution of their ordeal left for another dawn.

To be continued

*011*2025-06-09 04:51

{{On 6/5/2025 at 8:44 PM, The Drip Files said: 

To be continued. WHOA. The tension. The descriptions. It's all something new. I love it. 

}}

Whoa! Thanks for the compliment, Bud. There will be one last chapter, but I don't know when I can finish it, kinda busy on rl right now😅 

