Omovember Day 4: Adrianas Desperate hike

Author: Animepee1234

*000*2024-11-04 19:45

OMOVEMBER DAY 4 Prompt: Accident In front of a friend

Adrianas Desperate hike

Adriana was on a hike with her boyfriend Leo, She was a cute girl, 5”6’, b-cup, wearing light blue jeans, and a long-sleeved shirt and sweater. It was just entering fall and the temperature was dropping, Adriana wanted to go on a hike to see the fall foliage. She had a 1-liter bottle of water and began drinking it as she stepped out of the car.

“I can’t wait to see the view, aren't you!” she excitedly said. Leo looked at her a smiled “Yeah it’s gonna be beautiful”. They grabbed their bags and began their hike.

As they were walking Adriana took a few more gulps and finished with a loud ahhhhhh, Leo looked over and smiled

“Don’t drink too much or you’ll have to pee” Leo giggled

“I WILL NOT” Adriana said playfully punching him in the arm, but the thing was Adriana was already starting to feel her need to pee coming.

As they both continued to walk Adriana found herself still drinking more and more of her water, she stopped drinking and looked at the bottle, it was already halfway done

“Wow I drank a lot already” she thought to herself, they made it to the first flat area of their hike, they stopped for a quick break, they both sat, Leo reached into his bag and pulled out his camera.

“Hey Adri, lemme take a picture” Leo said readying a shot

“Haha okay” Adriana said posing, Leo snapped a few photos, he giggled, Adriana walked over and sat next to him, they took out their lunches, throughout the lunch Adriana found herself already finished with her water, she reached in her bag to pull out another.

Leo looked at her “Dang another?!”

“Yea another” Adriana snapped as she opened the new bottle a took a sip, as she was doing so she started to get a little desperate, but didn’t want to say anything mainly cause she didn’t want her boyfriend to be right about her needing to pee. She rubbed her legs together a little bit.

After a few minutes they wrapped up their lunch, packed up, and continued the hike, as they walked Adriana started to realize how much harder it was to hold her pee while standing vs sitting.

“Oh no, I gotta pee” she thought as she began holding her crotch with one hand, Leo turned around, and she quickly stopped and composed herself.

Leo smirked “You okay”, Adriana glared at him and snapped “Yea I'm fine”

“Okayyy” Leo said turning back around

Adriana rubbed her legs together while she walked “There better be a restroom at the top” she thought

A few minutes later

Adriana was feeling it now she had been holding her crotch every time Leo’s back was turned, she really didn’t want him to be proven right, those waters she drank were hitting her.

Then a spurt of pee escaped, she quickly froze and she hobbled over, and held her crotch with both hands, Leo turned around and Adriana didn’t have time to compose herself this time.

“You okay” He asked, then he smirked “You have to pee”

Adriana's face turned red “yea, I really have to go”

“Can you hold it till the top, and until we get back down?” he said

“Wait there's no bathroom at the top?!” she said in shock

“Of course not dummy” Leo said

Right then another spurt of pee escaped, dampening Adriana's panties

“Ahhh” she squealed “NO PLEASE CAN WE GO BACK DOWN” she begged

“Okay… I told you so” Leo said

“SHUT UP” Adriana snapped with desperation in her voice

With each step, Adriana felt like she was closer and closer to relief but it still seemed so far away, she was now walking, both hands between her legs squeezing her crotch, stopping every few steps to try and stop the flow of pee.

“Mmmmm~” she desperately moaned as another spurt escaped

Step by step her panties became more and more damp, and a spot began forming on her jeans, she froze and bent over “AHHH” and pee shot out, she managed to stop it

Leo looked over “Why don’t you go in the bushes”

Adriana's face went red “NO WAY I CAN’T PEE OUT HERE” she said bending over, crossing her legs and holding her crotch.

“Well at this rate it seems like that or peeing yourself” Leo said

Adriana pondered, but her pondering was quickly cut off by a wave of desperation, as more pee began to leak out, starting to form a wet patch on Adriana's jeans, she bent over and hobbled to the bushes, while pulling her jeans off

“FINE BUT LOOK OVER THERE” she said, she pulled her jeans down, and her light blue panties covered in hearts, psssss pee sprayed out as she felt relief but just then a group of people began walking in her direction from the other side of the bushed, she quickly pulled her jeans up as pee still shot out, she quickly held her crotch “AHHH~~” she moaned as she barely managed to hold on

Leo ran over “You okay” he said, he saw Adriana with a now noticeable wet patch around her crotch, as she stood hobbled over rubbing her legs and holding her crotch as the people in the bushes passed by

“Hurry hurry” Adriana thought to herself wanting to pee but while no one is around to see, pee began flowing back out

“AHHH nonononono” she desperately pleaded as the wet patch grew “Not yet Not yet Not yet Not yet” she pleaded holding it back with all her might but it was too late.

“NOOOOOO~~” she moaned tears rolling down her cheeks

The dark patch grew, and pee gushed through Adriana's finger, as pee poured to the ground while a hssssssss sound rang. Pee flowed down her legs leaving dark wet patches on her leans, her white socks became drenched as pee puddled up into her shoes, the ground became wet as the dirk soaked up the pee gushing out from Adriana eventually forming into a puddle around her.

Adriana bent down and used her heel to try and hold back what was left in her bladder

“Shit shit pleeeaaseee~~Soooppp~~” she moaned “ahhhhhhh~~”

But it only made the mess bigger, pee gushed out like a geyser, her heel on her pussy making it spray in every direction.

As the last few drops were released Adriana sat up and turned to Leo crying and face red, her jeans her soaked, the entire area of her crotch was covered in a huge wet piss stain, her ass was dripping wet, her legs had streaks of wet pee stains going down them, her socks made a wet squish sound with every step.

She cried as she walked over to Leo “You were right”

Leo took off his hoodie and wrapped it around Adriana's jeans to try and hide it, but it was obvious what had happened, they walked back down the trail and went to their car.

Epilogue:

When they got back to the car, Leo grabbed a towel and walked Adriana to the bathroom, it was empty, Adriana was still softly crying and still embarrassed, she pulled off her jeans as Leo tried to dry them with a towel, Adriana stood there with her flooded panties now a darker shade of blue compared to it’s normal light blue, pee still dripped from her panties to the floor, Leo looked at Adriana and shook his head No

The jeans were soaked and would have to be washed and dried when they got home.

Adriana looked down ashamed

“Do you wanna put them back on” Leo asked Adriana, still looking at the floor, shook her head now and packed the towel up and started for the bathroom door, as Leo followed drenched jeans still in hand.

When they got to the car Leo unlocked it they both sat in their seat, Adriana’s panties made a loud squish sound, she had a look of disgust and embarrassment, she wrapped the towel around her

“Don't look over” she said as she pulled off her panties, pee still dripping from it, and wrapped them in her soaked jeans. She now sat naked right before she wrapped the towel over her exposed crotch. They sat in silence as they drove home until Adriana shakily spoke

“Leo” she said

“Yea” he replied

Adriana looked down and her face became red again “I have to pee” she said holding her crotch through the towel.

