The assistants of Katherine Andrews: Hannah and the business presentation

Author: Apan

*010*2022-10-25 15:14

So here we are, five years on. As with the Laura story, I have put together an alternate ending for this one as well. It will once again be commencing from the beginning of the third and last chapter, even if it will take a little while to start deviating, but you'll notice that when you read it. In hindsight, I should have made the chapters shorter. If you're one of those who plowed through it way back when and has forgotten about it, feel free to have another go and jump directly to the alternate ending below and see what you think. Again, I've embedded it in a spoiler. Hope you'll enjoy this one!

Spoiler

"Hannah!"

An all too familiar voice called after her as she approached the toilet, forcing her to stop dead in her tracks. She saw Katherine coming towards her looking a bit irritated.

"What are you doing out here? The presentation is just about to start!"

"Miss Andrews... I... I just have to..."

"No time for messing about now, this is one of the most important meetings all year and our presentation will be crucial for the goodwill amongst our clients! Now, I've been preparing the ground for you here but you still have to do your part, and I expect you to be at your absolute best. I know you have it in you, now don't make me disappointed!"

Hannah was trapped between a rock and a hard place. She just had to convince her stern boss to slip in to the bathroom first. She had to, she was bursting, almost wetting herself right there, standing with her knees bent trying not to make it obvious how close she was to her absolute limit.

"Yes, yes, I will, I am totally prepared, Miss Andrews. But I really have to...." she cut herself off as a giant spasm flowed through her body, just about causing her bladder to totally give in. She curtsied down, making the thin cotton of her skirt stretch over her lovely legs. Katherine became so horny at the mere sight but also knew she had the rightful mandate to urge Hannah into the conference room without a break. It was actually an important moment for the company and she wanted things to go well. Of course, knowing the possibility of Hannah's failure and very public humiliation, Katherine was prepared to take over if things were to turn out for the worse during the presentation. Or for the better.

"Whatever it is that you have to do, it'll just have to wait until after the presentation. You've had fifteen minutes to take care of any personal business. Now come with me, our clients are waiting. Everything should be set up so that you only have to get right into it."

Katherine walked away, assured that her cute disciple wouldn't have the nerve to disobey, knowing the weight of this event. Hannah felt like crying but managed to somewhat keep her composure and followed her boss with small, small steps. It was impossible but she had to do it. Her whole career had in a way led up to this very moment.

"She wants me to wet myself, this cannot be a coincidence! All the bathrooms are locked, she knows I'm bursting and yet she's making me go in there. But I'm not gonna let her have that. When I've done my bit, I'm gonna run to the bathroom even if she disapproves. She can't scold me if I've done my job! I just have to hold it in during the presentation."

Hannah thought about all the available holding strategies and convinced herself that she could do it, if only because she had to. Not only would it mark a career goal for her, but also a personal achievement in enduring such a massive desperation. If Katherine was the culprit behind all this, then the perfect revenge would be getting through the presentation without showing off her need and then make it to the toilet, thus depriving her boss the gloat of her humiliation. She conjured up all her strength to try and act unbothered and professional while keeping the ever-growing reservoir of urine inside of her.

They entered the conference hall and people looked at Hannah as she sheepishly approached the front stage. On her left was one of the sales representatives, John, who was supposed to interject about halfway through with some additional information regarding the project they were presenting. Hannah seated herself at the front of the room beside John and Katherine took the stage to do the prefacing of the presentation.

"I hope everyone is refreshed after the well-deserved break." Katherine started. "Now for the next two hours we will go through some of the in-house strategies..."

Hannah was hardly listening. She sat with her hands gripping the sides of the seat and her legs tightly held together, concentrating all her attention on not disclosing her desperate situation. All the morning coffee was obviously still working overtime, effectively pushing the abilities of her bladder further and further by the minute. Soon she began squirming around and couldn't help but sporting an increasingly worried expression on her cute face.

Katherine droned on and on. After ten minutes Hannah was starting to shift around on the seat, discreetly placing her hand on her thigh, trying to grant herself a discreet hold through her skirt but she was in plain view of anyone in the room who looked her way so she couldn't really go through with it.

"Why is she taking so long?!" Hannah thought, "She knows I'm bursting! She's doing this on purpose! She really IS trying to make me have an accident!"

Katherine's introduction carried on for over twenty minutes and when she finally wound it up some hands in the audience flew up. Hannah silently whined as she realised it wasn't over yet, twisting her ankles around each other while gripping the front of the chair. Suddenly she cramped and a wave of pain shot through her body, causing her to instinctively grab her crotch to prevent what would otherwise be a spurt of pee. She clenched her thighs together as hard as she could while forcing the hand away to her knee instead. John couldn't help but look her way with an annoyed glance, wondering why the new girl couldn't sit still.

After almost ten additional minutes of questions, none of which Hannah had been able to take notice, Katherine finally stepped aside to let her assistant take over with her first major assignment at the company. Hannah was panicking though, only minutes ago she almost ended up flooding the seat and now she was to face a sea of businessmen and businesswomen, trying to act professional and collected. She just had to go to the toilet first, there was no option!

"Miss Andrews, please, I have to..." she whispered to her approaching boss as quietly as she could but was immediately interrupted by Katherine who obviously hadn't heard Hannah's whisper.

"So there, it's your turn to show what we're made of, Hannah!" Katherine said to her and urged her onto the middle of the floor while stepping out in the audience. The schedule was tensely packed and there was no room for delay or interruption and Hannah knew it. All these people have squeezed their attendance into their busy calendars to listen to Hannah sum up the upcoming marketing strategies at this very moment. If she left the room now, she'd be fired, for sure.

Everyone in the room was expecting the presentation to roll on smoothly so Hannah had little choice but to commence with her assignment. She produced her notes and began speaking.

"My name is Hannah and I'm going to present the marketing strategies for the upcoming year." The waistband of her tight pencil skirt cut right into her tummy, pushing all the urine harder and harder onto her tired holding muscles. She couldn't help fidgeting a bit while pressing her knees hard together as she carried on with her opening statements.

After about five minutes her next part was done and John briefly took over with some sales talk. Hannah eased to the side and tried to keep her hands behind her back and legs as tightly held together as humanly possible.

While John did his thing, Hannah could barely stand still. She pressed her thighs together while biting her lip and kept looking at the clock, urging it to move faster so she could finally be released from this nightmare. After about five minutes of quiet desperation she started bending her knee over the other, squeezing her thighs together really hard while fighting to keep her hands behind her back, trying to look unbothered. Katherine had her eyes glued on her beautiful assistant, standing there in front of all these people and holding back all that urine while pretending not to. It was so hot to behold her silent struggle. Hannah's tight pencil skirt moved along with the leg movements, adding even more sensuality to the display.

A sudden urge caused Hannah to bend forward slightly and really squeeze her legs together and finally give in to the urge of taking her hands from behind the back and press them onto her thighs. It felt like all the pent up urine was just about entering her panties and only with all her available strength along with the external holding aid could she prevent it. She remained in that awkward position for about ten seconds, her left knee skewed across her right and her left hand firmly gripping her thigh while her right was balled up in a fist along her side, standing rock still and breathing shallowly while concentrating so hard to not wet herself. Katherine watched intensely, expecting to see a dark wet patch emerging on the front of her tight stretched skirt at any moment.

But just then, John suddenly had some issue with the computer with which he displayed his slides. The program inexplicably shut down and refused to start up again and when he tried to reboot he received the proverbial blue screen of death.

“Damnit, this computer is apparently toast. Could we get another one? The presentation material is saved onto a network drive so it can be accessed from anywhere.”

The sudden interruption made Hannah’s heart flutter with increasing hope.

“I could go get mine”, John’s colleague chipped in, “but it will take a moment since I have it in my office upstairs.”

“That would be splendid, I think we can afford a little break in the proceedings anyway.”

OH YES! Hannah seized her chance, braced herself and took a deep breath:

“Is it alright if I slip off to the bathroom real quick then?” she enquired nervously, deliberately addressing John rather than Katherine who by now was steaming up inside with frustration.

“Sure, we can take 10 minutes for a comfort break.” John replied casually while packing up the malfunctioning computer that had just ruined Katherine’s day.

“Oh, thank you!!” Hannah replied breathlessly and squrried out of the meeting hall, somewhat hunched over and taking small small steps, trying to keep her legs together at all times. She felt the pee about to pour out past her exhausted spinchter and her bladder hurt like absolute hell and she couldn't even keep her body straight. Right outside the door, she had to stop and cross her legs hard as she felt a fatal spasm inside her abdomen. She held her breath for a moment and continued towards the bathrooms. She had to make it, now that she had been thrown a lifeline against all odds. Oh please, don’t be occupied, please! That would absolutely mean the end. She knew she had only seconds to spare before the inevitable.

Katherine had had no chance of throwing in a veto against the flukey break, not unless she was prepared to defend her irrational strictness in front of her colleagues. There was simply no reasonable rationale for preventing Hannah from taking advantage of the momentary hiccup in the presentation and leave for a fully adequate toilet break. Things had been shaping up so well, Hannah was so obviously reaching the end of the line, about to totally soak her figure-hugging pencil skirt in front of everyone, and now she got away at the very last minute. This isn’t fair!

Katherine sighed and decided that if nothing else, she might as well head to the bathroom herself as she was ever so slightly feeling the need. She walked out in the hallway towards the lobby and as she approached the toilet she caught sight of her pretty blonde assistant hobbling in through the main door to the stalls of which just one was open for use. A slight glimmer of hope arose in her sadistic mind; there could still be a queue. Katherine advanced towards the door, paused for a brief second before opening it as she immediately made out a very distressed panting going on on the other side…

As she entered the bathroom, she was greeted with the sight of poor Hannah standing doubled over with crossed legs, bouncing up and down and both her hands shoved in between them through her tightly stretched skirt. In front of Hannah were two things: another woman and an occupied toilet stall. Katherine couldn’t believe it. Her heart rate immediately increased and she bit her lip in anticipation.

Meanwhile, Hannah, who had just encountered her worst fear, was all red in the face and couldn’t help but sob in total despair. Her lifeline had been untied at the other end. She was so very absolutely about to totally piss herself just inches from the toilet! That broken computer gave her one last glimmer of hope, and it was all for naught. This was so unfair!!!

The woman in front turned around, obviously startled by Hannah’s desperate display. Hannah was bent over, still with her legs crossed and suddenly she felt a spurt escape, forcing its way out between her thighs. She gasped and immediately felt another one, this time running down the back of her legs all the way down past the hem of her skirt, making visible traces on her pantyhose. Katherine stood by the door, watching with anticipation and a heart rate approaching motorway speed.

“Please….” Hannah uttered in between sobs, “please, can I go ahead of you? I… I really am about to….OH!!!!”

Another burst, this time powerful enough to ever so slightly soak through on the back of her tight skirt. She shifted her crossed legs over and went back to doubling over, pressing on her peehole for all she was worth. It hurt so much, her abdomen burning with pain, an ocean’s worth of urine starting to force itself out between her crossed legs.

“Please…..”

Say no, say no, say no, Katherine silently implored the woman.

“Oh, oh… yeah, of course you can.” the woman replied, by now clearly aware of the absolute emergency that unfolded before her. Her heart almost melted at the sight of poor Hannah’s pleading red face, and her bent-over posture and leg gymnastics only amplified the utter severeness of the situation. Thusly, she stepped aside and let Hannah hobble towards the toilet.

But that very toilet was still in use and its door still locked. Hannah started pounding her palm against it while still trying to clamp off yet another spurt, all hunched over and pressing her other hand through her skirt as deep as it could possibly go between her legs. By now there would definitely be a tell-tale patch on the front of the poor skirt.

“Please hurry, please please please!!!!!” Hannah whined while wiggling her tightly crossed legs from side to side and supporting herself with the other hand against the door.

“Oh pleeeease!!!!!!”

Katherine watched intensely. Please take time, don’t hurry, don’t be done yet!

Then – the toilet flushed. Hannah froze up, eyes wide open in shock, leaning on the doorpost with her legs intertwined and her hand buried in between them, all but totally frozen in place while panting in total panic.

“Oh no…..”

Somehow she managed to press her crossed legs together even more while slowly crouching down before the still locked door.

“…no…..please no….”

Katherine zoned in on the back of Hannah’s skirt as she slowly crouched down.

Please happen!

She was eagerly awaiting a literal monsoon to rain through the tight skirt material stretched over Hannah’s bottom.

Please happen!

Still no sign of the door opening.

A giant spasm. Hannah felt her exhausted muscles give way for the ocean of urine.

"...........no..."

This was it – Katherine would get her wish.

Then a rustle from the door lock and another woman opened up, somewhat irritated but it immediately dawned upon her the reason for all the commotion. In a split second, Hannah freed herself from her rigour and almost fell into the cubicle, slamming the door around her. Piss had already started to advance through her sphinchter but she miraculously managed to tear down her tight skirt along with her pantyhose in one go while lowering herself onto the toilet. Her panties were still in place though as a massive gusher sprayed through them into the bowl. Her abdomen was pulsating, almost as if she was in labour, rhythmically pressing out the urine in massive bursts giving absolutely no quarter.

Finally after about 20 seconds she managed to get her panties out of the way and she could relax and let the piss roar into the bowl. She had never ever been so incredibly desperate in her whole life, not even those times she actually had wet herself in the end. It hissed and sprayed incessantly as she sat there panting, hardly even believing where she was after a whole afternoon of being denied a toilet. It went on and on for about 2 minutes before her bladder finally was empty.

The realization dawned upon her just how incredibly lucky she was despite having just showered her panties in urine, because that initial gusher would have commenced then and exactly then, not one second later, regardless of whether she had been on a toilet or not, whether she would have had her clothes out of the way or still firmly on, whether she would even had been within reach of a toilet or – horror – still in the meeting hall! A pair of ruined panties was a small price to pay in the grand scheme of things. She had to take a moment to get herself together.

“Hannah! Our break is over, we have to get back to the presentation now!”

A knock on the door followed by the announcement of her boss shook Hannah back to reality. She took off her soaked panties and discarded them in the bin and then examined her pantyhose and skirt. The former definitely had streaks in them but they were already drying out, and the spots on the latter were hardly noticeable as they were. She had survived by a thin hair and shuddered at the thought of having to wait for that other woman, or even worse, having to endure the rest of the session without the break! Thank God for malfunctioning computers!

She returned to the meeting hall and suppressed a smirk when passing Katherine who was suppressing her own emotions after ultimately having been denied witnessing her beautiful assistant having a massive accident. After John completed his part of the presentation with the aid of his colleague’s computer, Hannah proceeded with the remainder of her part with renewed confidence. Her grudge notwithstanding, Katherine couldn’t help but feeling proud of her young disciple performing so well with her presentation, after all.

That was nothing compared to Hannah’s own feelings though, not only having gotten through her most important professional endeavour yet, but having survived her most desperate ordeal ever with literally no margin. But she would definitely be on the watchout for Katherine’s shenanigans from now on.

*012*2022-11-03 20:04

{{On 10/30/2022 at 5:50 AM, themoreguy said:

I am Katherine. I just gotta say, I am very sorry for what I did to my client. I wish I could turn back time and prevent this.

I have quit my job since then and became an inventor. I plan to invent a time machine in order to stop this wetting from happening. Looking forward to the alternate ending!

}}

In case you haven't already noticed, the ending is obscured in a spoiler in the previous post. Perhaps I should have been clearer about it.

