The Sodden Shroud

Author: Alex62

*000*2022-10-24 17:10

The Sodden Shroud

Danny Johnson aka Jed Olsen was 21 and had a very dark secret, during the late hours of the night, after darkness falls he is a sneaky serial killer, that stalks his prey waiting to strike. Nothing gave him a better rush then learning about his victims before he delivered the final blow with his hunting knife.

On this late Friday fall evening he was stalking a young girl. Danny was wearing a long black shroud with black jeans and white CK briefs, as well black hunting boots. By what Danny had learned she was 22, a year older then him, and very popular amongst her friends. Even though she didn’t live alone, every Friday night her parents would go out leaving her alone for hours.

Everything was going well and despite him watching her for over an hour he remained unseen in a bush. This would be perfect for Danny except for one tiny thing, his bladder was uncomfortably full.

He couldn’t just go behind the bush as that would require taking his eyes off his victim and he could miss something important, and that something could be the difference of adding another victim to his total or getting caught. So Danny would just have to hold it.

Danny watched the girl but with every minute his bladder got fuller and fuller. It was getting harder and harder to stay still. However, the good thing about stalking his victim at night hidden in a bush and wearing black he was able to grab himself without being noticed.

So that’s what he did and it worked for a while but eventually his need became to strong and holding himself did nothing. Danny wanted nothing more to cross his legs but he had to remain crouched in his hiding spot.

Eventually, the time came and he proceeded to find a way to his victim. Danny spotted a window that was open upstairs and luckily for him there was a nearby tree he could climb to get in the window. So Danny exit the bush carefully and made his way to the tree.

He felt his bladder with every step he took and once he made it to the tree and started to climb it he felt his bladder scream and this was when he first leaked. Danny felt it and quickly held his dick against the tree to stop it and it worked. Danny felt as the urine that escaped him dripped down his leg but he had a job to do and couldn’t care about that now.

Danny made it to the top and carefully made his was though the branches and climbed quietly inside the open window. Once inside he sneaked around and located his victim. He watched her and when she made her way to a bathroom connected to her room he waited for her to shut the door. Once she did he snuck into her room and hide in her closet.

Danny was relived to be hiding again and out of sight so he could hold himself again. Despite his leak earlier he didn’t feel and evidence of it. Then to his horror his victim flushed the toilet. Hearing this caused him to leak once more and longer this time. As he was now standing he could cross his legs but that alone didn’t stop the leak and he also had to grab himself to fully stop. He felt as more of his pee ran down his leg and this time into his hunting boot.

She washed her hands and exited the bathroom and Danny was about to strike when her cell phone rang. She almost instantly answers it and this caused Danny to wait. He couldn’t help but to hop foot to foot in desperation while holding himself.

Eventually she hang up the phone and Danny once again prepared to strike. He removed his hand and wrapped it around his hunting knife. He did everything in his power to stay still. He watched as his victim walked back into the bathroom but this time leaving the door open.

And he jumped out of the closet, reviling himself to his victim. But his need returned with a vengeance and he began to leak again and again. Danny now faced a choice, he could grab himself and stop the leaks but by doing so possibly let his victim escape or accept his fate and pee himself but get his victim. He of course picked to accept his fate and get his victim.

Danny felt as his bladder fully released with a loud hiss and pee flooded his white CK briefs and black jeans. He felt as pee ran down his legs and filled his hunting boots. He heard as his pee dripped onto the carpet below him and drip onto his hunting boots and run down them joining the rest on the carpet. But Danny could care less in that moment, he just had to do what he went there for.

Danny couldn’t believe he just peed his pants but at least he got what he came for. When he got a moment he looked down to see the damage. His shroud was glistening with pee and obviously soaked, his boots had obviously pee stains running down them and his feet felt like they were in pools inside his boots. The carpet at his feet had a huge pee puddle around him. When Danny left up his shroud to expect the damage to his black jeans he saw they also glistening with pee and showed obvious wetness. Danny sighed as he pulled down his jean reveling his white CK briefs that were now almost yellow. They were soaked with his pee and obviously peed in.

Danny pulled his jeans up and sighed. He had to clean his first crime. Danny couldn’t risk leaving any DNA and made the scene spotless and sneaked away.

*003*2022-10-25 04:59

{{3 minutes ago, Spectator9 said:

I recall a CSI episode where the killer was identified by the DNA from the urine puddle he left while he was waiting for his victim.

}}

I’m sure lol that’s why Danny made sure to clean

