Clara, JJ, And Her First Big Hold!

Author: ATRONX

*000*2024-03-05 05:57

CW: Abuse Play!

This is my first story I'm posting on Omoorg, and under the Atronx pen name! I've been interested in omo for a while now, but I procrastinated a bunch on this story. It's been in the works since November 2023. I guess that isn't too long but for a story of this length, it's far longer than it should have taken. I mainly wrote the first two parts in the course of a week and finished the last bit tonight.

Context: I've debuted a whole cast of characters for this, a story that takes place in a university in the southeastern US, though this story focuses on two.

Jayden Jaere Clerdone is a student in this college, he's majoring in business and has a deep interest in cars. He's 6'4 and rather lanky. He's a little awkward but in an endearing way. It takes some encouraging to get him out of his room though, as he is usually playing old games or watching anime Clara has forced on to him. He has chestnut short hair and green eyes. He sounds monotonous but is actually very expressive, and has a hard time taking many things seriously, seeing everything as humorous when he’s in a good mood. He is of french descent, and hails from Boston.

Clara Jitsunori Is a student majoring in computer programming in game design. She is 4’10, deathly skinny, deathly pale, and has very overgrown and unkempt straight black hair with a twinge of green. Her eyes are very dark brown, appearing more black than anything. She has deep eye bags and rots in her room all day watching anime or indulging in her taboo sexual addictions on her computer. Vehemently against leaving her seat to eat sleep or go outside unless to attend class, though Jayden has been forcing her to take better care of herself and be more presentable as of late. She is the child of two very successful Japanese entrepreneurs, having been exchanged to America for her high school years, her entire life is funded without question by her parent's wealth.

Without further ado, read my thing.

Act I

“See you soon, kiss kiss.”

“Jayden, the temp’s a little high.”

“Mark! The temperature’s always high! What do you think we’re driving? Man, you interrupted me talkin’ to my girl.”

Jayden dropped his phone into the center console, then leaned in towards the gauges he had mounted on the dashboard. The car‘s coolant temperature was sitting significantly higher than normal. He looked over at his passenger, his face now defeatedly melting. “Sorry, Mark. I’ll check it later.” He sighed, clicking the turn signal to the left, “With how we were driving… in this car? It happens.”

A few minutes later, their car came to a halt in the dorm building’s parking lot. They weren't in a spot, they just stopped in the middle of the lot’s lane. Jayden pulled his phone out of the center console and got out, leaving the car running.”Mark, could you?”

“Sure, I’ll text you where I parked it.” He replied, sliding over to the driver’s seat.

Clouds loomed impendingly over the horizon. It seemed that rain was coming. Jayden spun around to see a very short girl with black, almost greenish hair stepping out from between two parked cars. She was thin, her jet black hair was straight, but unkept, scraggly and overgrown down to her knees, and her skin was pale like she’d never seen sunlight before. There were heavy bags under her eyes from years of all-nighters, never really getting a full night’s rest. She wore a white button-up shirt with long, cuffed sleeves lazily tucked in a dark green plaid skirt. One of the middle buttons on her shirt wasn’t done, and she wasn’t wearing pantyhose under her skirt like usual, it was evident she only threw this outfit on to see him. She ran at Jayden and smushed her face against his torso. “I missed you..” She cooed, her voice muffled by Jayden’s body.

She lifted her face from his chest, looking up at him. “How was the race?”

Jayden looked down upon her with a blank stare. “It was alright.”

He stuck his arm between his waist and her chest in an attempt to pry her off of him, succeeding only because she stepped off on her own to continue yapping. “While you were gone I added a bunch of hidden redstone pathways & entrances to our realm!” She grinned smugly, “I even added one in your house so I can pop in & out without you knowing.”

While she ranted, Jayden slowly knelt, reaching for the undone button on her shirt. He grabbed it and turned it up to face her, Clara stopped ranting and looked down at it, all of what little color she had immediately flushed from her face. The look in Jayden’s eyes hit her like bricks, “So you’re meaning to tell me, you wouldn’t even put in the effort…” He dropped the button to freely motion his hand. “...To dress presentably… To see me back after you claimed to have missed me so much.”

Clara smiled nervously, if not a little red, as Jayden stood back up, blocking the sun, towering over her. She shot her head down and hastily fumbled to try and button her shirt completely. “Sorry, I-”

Jayden’s stare changed to what looked like a rather entertained smile, like he found her attempt to cover up funny. “No, no, it’s.. I-It’s a little late for that now!” His voice inflected joyfully as he smiled.

He waved his hand at her to stop. She’d entertained him enough… until he spotted her legs. “Haha! And you’re not even wearing any stockings!”

He gripped his own face, hissing in seeming pain and turning his head from Clara. “My girlfriend has her bare legs out for the world to see, like a whore!” he cried.

Clara’s eyes welled up, her hair stood on end and bullets of sweat quickly formed on her face. She nervously held her hands down in front of her thighs, her fingers shaking as a mixture of adrenaline and fear coursed through their veins. All of this, despite her face growing a deep red. Though, almost as if nothing had happened, Jayden spun on his heel and began walking down the sidewalk toward their dorms. Clara soon followed, fearing the consequences if she had continued to stand there. She got no reaction from Jayden, even as they entered the dorm building’s front door, even as they entered the elevator. 

Even as Jayden pulled out his key ring and unlocked the door to their dorm, he remained silent. He held the door open with his arm placed high up on it, forcing Clara to walk underneath it while he watched. The door slowly swung shut, and he pulled it closed a little extra for it to click. In less than a second, he turned to Clara, and grabbed her by the collar of her shirt. It began to rip a little at the seams as he pulled her toward her bedroom door. Like a garbage bag, he swung her into her room, her legs squealing against the floor when she stumbled and fell over. Sitting on her heels with now reddened knees, she looked up at Jayden fully expecting him to come in and give her some lasting bruises.

“Get dressed.” he demanded, turning on her light before shutting the door.

Clara scrambled to her feet and immediately took off her shirt since it was now ruined by Jayden using it as a handle to throw her. She checked and patted off her skirt in case it had gotten dirty or damaged, and got up. She walked over to her dresser, opening the top drawer full of many haphazardly thrown in, unironed T-shirts and white button-ups. Some of the button-ups were ironed and neatly folded by Jayden, stacked on the other side of the drawer. She took one of the nice ones and placed it on her barren mattress. She undid the belt around her skirt and dropped it to the floor in preparation to put on her pantyhose tights. As she opened the drawer and reached in to grab a pair, her bedroom door creaked open, Jayden peeked his head through. “Clara… Did I do alright?” he asked.

Clara took a second to process his sudden change in attitude, though her confusion turned to a smile soon after. “JJ, I’ve never been more turned on in my whole life… You can come in.”

Jayden stepped through the door and sat in her desk chair, swiveling it around. Clara had finished putting on her stockings and was in the middle of tucking her shirt into her skirt when they spoke again. “Clarity, my wonderful?”

“JJ?”

“I didn’t go too rough or… scare you or anything, no?”

“Even if you did, that’s half the fun.”

“That’s not what I asked, though.”

Clara buttoned her shirt up to the second from the top, and walked over to Jayden, sitting straddled on one of his legs. She wedged her head under his chin, unintentionally giving Jayden a mouthful of her always-bedraggled hair. “JJ, you did excellent. Ten out of ten, no complaints.”

“Even when I threw you?”

“Yes.”

“Cause I felt like I went too far… I had to stop because I just, I-I couldn’t bring myself to do anymore.”

“If you’re not comfortable with this I understand.” She replied, trying her best to sound compassionate. “But when I saw you standing in that doorway, I thought you were gonna come in and really do something.” She stated, audibly excited.

“Was it a turn-off when I didn’t?”

“No! No, not at all, it was a good place to stop.”

“I see…”

“Something on your mind?” Asked Clara, pushing herself off his chest to make eye contact.

“Something separate I’d like to try, but I just wanted to know if everything was enough for you.”

“Is you throwing me in my room like that the hard limit for you?”

“Most likely.”

“That’s okay! It’s plenty. I won't push you any further, especially since it’s all you’re comfortable with.”

The two leaned in for a short kiss, Clara smiled and hugged Jayden tight, whose smile turned a little shaky as he drowned in a love-drunk stupor. Clara slid off his leg, and stood, clasping her hands behind her back, rocking back and forth on her heels in an effort to look cute. “So, tell me about the thing you want to do.”

“Okay so, I was on the internet the other day… And I wanted to know if you wanted to try something A little different.”

“Being?”

“Well, It’s a control thing.”

“You have my intrigue.”

“Well it’s… I-It’s a little… Embarrassing.”

“I won’t judge you, Jay. I just had you swing me like a sack of potatoes in to my room because I think it’s hot.”

Jayden sighed, a little, turning the chair he was sat in to look out Clara’s window. Clara stopped rocking. “Get to the point, Jayden, it can’t be that weird.”

“Well, I wanted to know if you could try this thing out for me… where I ah…” Jayden pointed at the center of Clara’s skirt. “…Where I control your uh”

“Pleasure control?”

“No- uh… I was thinking more-“

“Bladder control?”

Jayden’s finger dropped a little and he sighed tensely. Clara grabbed her skirt and pulled it down as if he had just tried to peek underneath it. A sly grin spread across her face, “Oh my god!~ You want to tell me when and where I can pee? You’re such a deviant!” She complained mockingly, squirming as if she really had to pee.

“Sorry, I just wanted to know if you were up for it-“

“Are you deaf? That was a resoundingly positive reply.”

“So you’re up to do it?”

“Of course!”

“Cool! …When?”

Clara again clasped her hands behind her back and rocked on her heels, looking up at her ceiling, “Mmm… come to think of it, I was on my way to the bathroom right when you called… not that I had to go bad. But it has been like another half hour…”

“You want to do this now?”

“Uh, Yeah?”

Jayden leaned back and looked out the window again. He was trying to comprehend the situation at hand, but Clara had different ideas.

“And you want me to go out there?!”

“Wha? No- I-“

“You’re such a heartless beast, JJ. Did you know that?”

“You don’t have to-!”

“I guess I have no choice, though… I’ll put my shoes on then.”

“Clara I- Gh- ugh…”

“Am I making you uncomfortable?”

“No… I just- like… Why are you so eager?

“Are you not?”

“Please answer my question.”

Clara slid her second mary-jane on. “Well, pee isn’t exactly an uncommon kink from what I’ve seen online, and me personally? I’m open to a lot of things.”

“You sound like you’re more aware of it than just catching a glance online.”

Clara adjusted her skirt and shirt collar despite them already being good, a common nervous fidget for her. Jayden quickly took notice. “Clara?” He asked.

“What?”

“You’re being mysterious.”

“I’m not! I’m getting dressed to go out!”

“So you’re aware you-”

“Touched my shirt collar?”

“Yes-”

“I’m not nervous!” She said, raising her tone angrily. Her voice was very shaky, and her face was quickly turning red. “I’m just…”

The ensuing pause was long, it was clear she had been backed into a corner mentally. Jayden got up and began to do it physically too. “You sound like you’re hiding something embarrassing…” He said slyly, pushing her back against the wall and placing his arm above her head, leaning in a little.

Clara’s face grew even more red, her eyes welled up a little and she began to sweat again. “Tell me.” Demanded Jayden flatly.

Clara twiddled her fingers, her lips quivering. “I uhh…”

Jayden took his free hand and began fiddling with the second-highest button on Clara’s shirt, “If you’re trying to come up with a lie, you’re taking too long.”

Clara grabbed Jayden’s hand with both of hers to try and stop him from unbuttoning her shirt, and began sliding down the wall. “Okay! Okay! I’ve… I-I’ve experimented with it before. On my own…”

Slowly, Clara looked up at Jayden and loosened her grip on his hands. He immediately continued and succeeded at undoing the button, Clara immediately tightened her grip on his hand again. “Extensively!! Extensively!”

Jayden pulled his hand away and pushed off the wall. “What? I wasn’t even trying to get that from you! H- wh- do- huh- How into this are you?!”

Clara scratched her chin and smiled awkwardly, staring off to the corner of the ceiling. “Ehhh…”

Jayden’s mind rushed to the times she seemed to be a little too fidgety, or when she looked like she was pee-dancing out of the corner of his eye. When she’d rush to the bathroom after hours and hours of playing games together. Clara jumped up to him and tried snapping her fingers in his face, something she didn’t know how to do. “Hey! Come on!” She whined, “It’s not like you don’t get your own kicks out of stuff nobody can see!”

“I don’t! Cos’ I’m not trying to get hard in public!”

Clara looked up at him rather smugly and pressed her chin against his chest, “Do I do that for you sometimes?”

“Saying no would be a… Blatant lie.”

“It's the pantyhose, right? I know you stare at my legs when I wear them.~”

Jayden nodded. “Yeah, I can’t really deny that...”

“Besides, I’ll get nice and hydrated so I know you’ll be bricked up. I’ll be squirming and full and-”

“Save it for out there? Please?”

Act II

The sidewalks surrounding the campus were humid. The heat of passing cars turned the freshly rained-on pavement to a slight steam that warmed students walking by. It helped a little since it was early winter. And even though this was too far south for snow, constant rain, high winds, and cold fronts from up north meant it was getting chilly, and people were clamoring for what little winter clothes they may have had in their closet, except for someone…

“God, I’m freezing…”

“And you have to pee.”

“And I have to pee… Why’d you make me wear this shirt and skirt now? Couldn’t have been sweatpants and a hoodie?”

“First off, I didn’t make you. You weren’t complaining earlier.”

“It was sunny, and I was only out there for like, 5 minutes… And yes you did! When you bought me twenty of these outfits and said ‘No more lazy clothes, myeh myeh myeh!’” She mocked.

Clara was right. The sun was setting and it was getting far more cold than it was when she first went out. Since it was winter break, students were walking about on campus doing their own little fun things. Sports fields had pseudo-football leagues playing, groups gathered around campus restaurants, and clubs hung out outdoors, enjoying the few days of the year when it wasn’t blazing hot. Jayden was bundled up in some sweatpants and a hoodie, as a matter of fact. “Because! My wonderful little vision of clarity…” He began in a condescending voice, to which Clara mockingly mouthed blah blah blah’s, “...Seeing you wear paper thin undershirts, short skirts and thin stockings when it’s all frosty outside is really, really, super-duper double ultra mega sexy hot.”

“So you like watching me shiver?”

“Uh-huh.”

“And when my voice shakes and quivers?”

“Uh-huh! Uh-huh!”

Clara couldn’t come up with any more rhymes. It was too cold and her bladder was beginning to nag her a little. Plus, it was clear Jayden only saw her whining as entertainment, with not a shred of empathy or mercy. Jayden smiled. “What can I say? Seeing you red-nosed and rosy-cheeked… just gets me all Christmas-y. Y’know?”

“Mh-hmm… can we please go somewhere a little warmer?”

Jayden took a second to reply, making Clara both terrified and terrifically aroused that he may force her to endure the cold longer. “Since you asked nicely, why not?” He pointed to the art building, and they both walked toward it.

Once they arrived inside, they found a place to put themselves that would be a little warmer, further from the entrance. As they walked the halls and peeked in a few of the rooms, they heard a couple of students coming closer from down the hall. Jayden looked down at Clara to make sure she wasn’t doing any sort of overly obvious pee-delaying maneuvers. After confirming, they continued down the slightly curved hall, before running into the pair. It was Carl and Tanawat. Both members of the car crew Jayden was a part of. Clara stuck closer to Jayden’s side as if she was claiming him, despite both of them being guys that very clearly looked straight. “Where’d you come from?” Asked Jayden.

“Starbucks.” They both replied, not quite in unison.

They both stood around for a second, Tanawat taking a sip of his drink. “Eerr… Alright, see you later.” Jayden mumbled.

Carl pointed his cup at Jayden, a bit of a goodbye gesture. They proceeded to awkwardly part ways. Clara held her hand tightly with Jayden’s. Her small size and slimness meant cold permeated through her quickly, she was practically exothermic. The AC In the Floridian College was at full blast all year round, even when it was chilly out. The combination of these two meant Clara was not having any better of a time indoors than she was outside. She tugged on Jayden’s sleeve, “JJ.”

Jayden ignored her. She pulled harder on his sleeve, “JJ…!”

They passed the Starbucks Jayden’s friends came from right as Clara was about to yank Jayden’s arm a third time. Being surrounded by its patrons stopped Clara from causing any more of a scene. It seemed Jayden knew this, as he was already looking down at her smugly when she went to puppy-dog-eye him. Without any input from her, he abruptly changed directions and pulled her with him into the establishment. Clara’s stomach dropped straight to her ankles, a visit to such an establishment in this context spelled out certain doom. A moment later, Jayden had suddenly parted from her, leaving her to order for her own at the counter of a coffee shop she had never been to. The worker smiled earnestly at her, this attention from someone she didn’t know caused her bladder to pang sharply. She held her will out and managed to withstand the pain without any visible reaction. “Order when you’re ready.” She said, masking her impatience at Clara’s continued silence.

“U-hhh… He know- He knows… what it's called.”

Bingo. She had just gotten out of social interaction! But at what cost? The worker looked up at Jayden, who smiled eagerly back at the worker. “It’ll be a Chai Tea Latte, Venti.”

“This is a limited menu location ‘cause it’s on campus. I can do grande instead.”

‘S’cool.” Jayden replied, nodding.

A few seconds later he tapped his phone to the card reader, and took the printed receipt. Clara followed him closely, her anxiety building a little as she imagined the drink she would be consuming. To most people it might have been an average size, but from the cups of the mentioned size she saw some patrons drinking, she doubted if all the contents could even fit within her bladder, not to mention with the space already being occupied by a gaming sesh worth of pee plus an hour. Her anxiety was battling against a fierce desire to remain patient and obey the orders given to her by her better half. As they sat on the stools waiting for her drink, Jayden nudged her shoulder. His touch alone numbed most of her anxiousness. “Clara, I need you to do me a favor.”

Clara perked up, hoping it would be a sexual one. “Clara- I need you to look at your texts. It’s…” Jayden looked around to see if anyone was eavesdropping. The patrons were both distant and engaged in their own tasks. “...It’s too much to discuss here.”

Clara nodded, and pulled out her prehistoric phone, its screen cracked to all hell. Jayden began typing up a storm, and after a minute, Clara’s phone pinged with a message from him.

‘Clara i need u to go to the bathroom but DONT use it. i need u to send me a voice message telling me how ur bladder feels how bad u gotta pee etc then this is important u gotta send me a side profile of your belly so i cn see if ur bladder is showing’

‘youre such a perv jj ily’ She responded, before sliding off the stool. She was about to take a step, before spinning on her heel back at Jayden. “Is it like, stalls?” She asked.

Jayden shook his head. “Single room, thick wood door with a good lock. Nobody will hear you as long as you aren’t like… shouting.” Explained Jayden, putting his wireless earbuds in, “I’ll be listening.”

Clara’s face melted and almost immediately turned a deep red. Her expression wasn’t easy to picture, but it was really horny. Believe that. She turned back around and rushed outside the store, looking around for a bathroom sign beside a thick wooden door. Jayden watched as she beelined for it, and disappeared out of view. Almost immediately after her disappearance, Jayden’s name was called to retrieve his coffee. He went up to the counter, thanking the barista in advance before he picked the drink up. He spun on his heel and stepped outside the restaurant, and saw a study sofa wedged between the wall and a vending machine, the perfect place to view her messages in private. 

He waited a few minutes without a response, hearing as a campus shuttle arrived outside the Starbucks, and almost all the customers and students loitering in the hallway filed out to board it. In a matter of minutes, the store and hallway had gone from a center of socialization to dead silent. A couple of people stood in the Starbucks chatting with the baristas from what he could see, but minutes were passing and Clara still had not emerged from the toilet. After about ten had passed, the door made a loud crack as it separated from the seal. It creaked open, and Clara slid between it and the door frame, evidently overpowered by its weight, like with most doors. She spotted Jayden quickly and approached him. Holding her phone up. Jayden could not make out the screen through the extensive damage. “I tried sending you it but theres no wi-fi in there.”

“Oh, okay uhh… I think i may have an Idea.” Jayden started. “Oh and, I have a picture of you to compare. Y’know… Your bladder”

“You really are less experienced than me.” Replied Clara, “I’m not gonna put that against you though. I’m having fun…”

“You sounded a little unsure.”

“Yeah, well- wh- I was gonna say this in the audio clip but like, I feel like it’s stagnating.”

“That’s what the drink is for.”

“I figured.”

Jayden’s phone pinged, and he checked it. The image of hers sent, he took a screencap and fiddled around in his photo’s app comparing it to a screencap from a video of her at the beach with him he took a while back. Clara sat herself next to Jayden, “You are so creepy when you’re horny, JJ.” Clara mocked.

“I’ll buy you a second drink and make you down them both right now.”

“S-sorry…” She mumbled, a little pink.

“That would make it all go too fast though, the fun would end early.” he quietly said to her, leaning in closer, “I think the slow burn is the best part, you’re so uncomfortable and in so much pain, but you can’t go because I said the only way you can is when it comes out on its own…”

Clara grew redder and redder. Jayden knew exactly what to say to her. “H-hurt me?” She asked, as if she needed any confirmation.

Jayden nodded. “Don’t have an accident in front of everyone.~” he beckoned.

Clara slowly, hesitantly grabbed the cup from Jayden’s hand, taking a sip almost immediately. “I’d… never…”

Jayden watched smugly as she drank from the cup. She kept shooting glances at him to see if he was looking, and blushing deeply whenever he inevitably was. Clara finished another sip and turned away to shield her coffee from him. “Y-yyyou… you could… stop looking…” she muttered.

Jayden looked away, patting his knees while he waited for Clara to finish her drink. After a few seconds, she held it up to the light to see where the liquid was in the cup. It was still mostly full, as the tiny green straw provided was severely limiting her progress. Coincidentally, a busload of students had just arrived out front of the hall entrance and were now filling the building up. “JJ, do you think we could…” She asked, motioning her head to the crowd.

“Yeah, let’s get out of here.”

They stood in unison and Jayden grabbed her free hand, leading her behind him to the bus that had just arrived. They boarded it and found a pair of free seats beside each other, Clara slid into the window one so she could feel the vibrations of the window on her forehead, it was like a silly little massage for her silly little brain that made all the bad thoughts go away. She watched out the window, but couldn’t help but be distracted by her bladder, which was now nagging for her to go a little more insistently than before. Despite having Jayden’s hand resting on her thigh, -which he was surely doing more to feel her pantyhose than as a gesture of love- she subconsciously lifted one leg over the other and for the first time this occasion, crossed her legs. Jayden immediately took notice, squeezing her thigh a little to grab her attention. Clara lifted her head off the window, turning to Jayden. “Hm?”

“You uhh… you…” He pointed at her knees, “crossed your legs…”

Clara took a second to notice it herself, quickly uncrossing her legs, and focusing as hard as she could on the passing scenery, a little red. Jayden moved his hand further up her leg, and a little under her skirt. He leaned against her and got quite close to her head. “Hiding something?~” he whispered in her ear.

Clara’s face grew increasingly red, “I-I’m just… It’s uh… I- it’s- …getting to me. It’s a bit annoying” She sputtered.

“Good, good…” He smugly replied, giving her a little bit of space.

Clara took sip after sip of her drink, her mind failing to wander away from anything else besides her bladder. Swallowing it made it react in opposition. Each little vibration of the bus was making her need to urinate feel more and more present, a feeling she wished she hadn’t felt since the last time she got off of a public school bus. Eventually the passing scenery came to a halt, and Jayden stood. She noticed this and grabbed his hand, standing beside him. As she stood, the weight of the bladder heaved behind her body as she got upwards. Her urge wasn’t too strong yet, but it was beginning to get a little more excessive than she was comfortable holding outside. Normally she would have gone long ago. Clara followed Jayden off the shuttle, and just as she was about to tug on his sleeve and ask him something, she realized where they had arrived. She looked up at the towering dorm buildings, and then to Jayden. Jayden felt her gaze on him, and It was clear to him Clara wanted to speak.

“Clara, we’re going back to the dorm.”

“I was just about to ask…”

“I dunno, I just feel like it’s too… Vulnerable of a situation for us to be in so, y’know, let’s take it home.”

“I could have waited a lot longer.” Mumbled clara, resting her head against Jayden’s side.

“I don’t doubt it I just-”

“It got uncomfortable for you?”

“A little, I felt really guilty putting you through that in public.”

Clara and Jayden entered an elevator, where Clara stepped back to smile at Jayden, “I noticed that.” She started, “You always get uncomfortable right as I start to really like it!”

“I just need more time to get used to the way you like things.”

“No, I get it, but this time it was your idea and you still got cold feet.”

“S-sorry, I guess…”

“No, JJ, I get it…” Clara hugged Jayden tightly, rubbing her face against his chest. “...We’ll practice, we’ll build up and both get comfortable… Together.”

Jayden shuddered violently, once again overwhelmed by a strong sense of appreciation. Clara noticed him stimming and pulled him a little closer, but quickly backed off, assuming a panicked ‘look straight’ stance when she heard the elevator chime and the doors slide open. Her suspicion was right, as they had not only reached their floor, but a group of other students were standing in front of the doors. They swapped positions, and then departed down the hall back to their dorm. 

As they walked down the hall, Clara actually put in the extra effort to keep up with Jayden, which was something considering he was 6'4 and Clara at 4’10 regularly struggled to keep pace with him. It could also be interpreted however, that Clara was just hurrying to get through her dorm’s door due to the coffee she still hadn’t finished already finding itself in her bladder. It was only made worse the longer she stood, as sitting on the bus had kind of muted it. She had actually made it to the door first, and pulled her student ID from her waistband to try and unlock the door. She swiped it once, but too quickly so it had denied, right as she tried to swipe it a second time, Jayden had caught up and snatched it from her hand. He held it high up so she couldn’t get it back. Clara made no attempt to reach for it, instead, she leaned against the door, crossing her legs trying to appear nonchalant. “Very funny…” She grumbled.

“Going somewhere in a hurry?”

“No!” She abruptly replied, blushing from a combination of many factors.

“Then you can wait.”

“W-why? When we could just… go-” Clara tried reaching for the card as he lowered it, only for Jayden to hold it back up.

Jayden looked down at her smugly “Why so insistent?”

“I’m not!”

“Yes you are! Look at you, your face is all red!~” He replied sickly sweet, pinching her cheek with his free hand.

Clara kept staring up at him, infuriated at his smugness and the fact she couldn’t stop it. It was at that point that she came up with an excellent idea, one only someone of her height could come up with. She quickly reached for his belt, and hastily undid it, trying to humiliation-bait him into giving up. She didn’t plan on fully undoing it, but she pulled it out of the first loop and the clip-loop, Clara pulled the belt towards her and pinched the metal rod as if she was about to pull it out of the belt hole. She looked up at him, now with a smug expression on her face, only to realize he hadn’t faltered, nor had his shit-eating smile dissipated one bit. “Do it.” He demanded.

Clara’s face flushed over completely, and she immediately let go of the belt, both her hands immediately began hastily adjusting the ends of her skirt. Jayden leaned in and backed her up against the door. She looked up at him with quivering lips, she pressed her wrists together and held them up, adjusting her stance to a more pigeon-toed one to indicate that he had won. Jayden had seen her like this enough times to know exactly what she meant. He leaned down, almost pressing his face against hers. “Don’t test me.” He murmured.

Clara nodded hastily, before Jayden reached his hand past her to swipe the card reader again and unlock their dorm. Clara stepped through the door first, and began seriously eyeing the bathroom before remembering what her task at hand was. Jayden stepped up from behind and placed his hand on top of her head. “If you’re feeling uncomfortable with it now you can go, but if you’re not…” He stepped away towards his room, hanging by the door frame. “Come to my room once it’s an emergency.” He winked, before disappearing behind his door and shutting it.

Act III

Jayden heard a light knock on his door, he moved his mouse to the bottom left of his computer monitor and noticed that it had been about an hour and a half since they had arrived home. He got up from his swivel chair and unlocked the door, opening it to reveal Clara pee-dancing like her life depended on it. “I felt like you would have been more subtle…”

“You said to wait until I thought I would pee myself!” She snapped back, her patience drastically shortened by the current situation.

“I saaiid to wait until it was an emergency.”

“Same deal.”

“Sure- Come in.”

Clara shuffled into the room, hunched over slightly to deal with the pain. She made it to about the center of the room, where she stopped walking and went back to struggling to hold it all in. Jayden was still standing by the doorway, watching her intently. She looked quite miffed. “Aren't you gonna do anything?” She asked.

“O-oh… Sorry.” Jayden sat back in his chair and looked at her, watching as fought to keep herself from having an accident, “Does it hurt?-”

“Yes! Are you stupid? It’s cramping so fucking bad right now!”

“Sorry! Damn! I-”

“-Sorry, it’s just-”

“-No need to be rude-”

“-The pain just gets to me…”

Jayden stood up and got close to her face again. “You know-”

“-No-”

“You know- Huh?”

“No, now’s not the time-”

“-Oh, s-sorry.”

“Now’s not-” Clara hunched over and put her hands on her belly to assist with another bladder cramp. “-the- Ghh! -The time…”

Jayden backed away and sat in his desk chair, watching as Clara writhed in a combination of desperation and pain. Her breathing kept getting heavier and more labored, and her face was quite red.

“Clara?”

“W-What?”

“Come here?” Jayden asked softly, patting his lap.

Clara could not resist. She slowly shuffled to Jayden and carefully slid on to the seat he made of himself, taking extreme caution to make sure she didn’t move in a way that would open the floodgates. Of which they were teetering on a hair trigger. Jayden slowly wrapped his arms around her, resting one hand on her thigh, and the other on her lower belly. Clara’s faced looked really flushed, but she spoke softly, in a tone of submission. “Be gentle, I’ve never held it this long and I don’t know how much longer I can keep it up…”

Clara’s bladder suddenly sent out a huge cramp, Clara winced and hunched forward a little. Jayden frightened a bit, fearing she was about to soak his lap. “By ‘I don’t know’ do you mean… like… You aren't sure of your strength going forward or like… you’re about to have an accident?”

“The former.” She replied, her voice weary with pain and exhaustion from half a day’s worth of pee weighing her down.

Jayden rubbed her thigh, feeling the pantyhose wrapped tightly around her legs as he usually did, though he used his other hand to feel her belly, which felt rather different than its usual flat, almost concave shape. It stuck outwards as if she was arching her back, maybe even well-along in a pregnancy, though she was not. It was very stiff and warm to the touch. When he pressed his finger against it, her skin depressed only slightly, as if it was being stretched out too much to have any substantial give, her bladder beneath it had no give, moved together as one solid mass, it felt as if she had a bowling ball implanted in her belly. Her reaction to him pressing his finger against it was poor. “S-stop…” she whimpered, lightly swatting at his hand.

“Sorry, Clara?”

Clara gave no response but it was clear she was listening.

“Are you dry?”

“If you're asking if I’ve leaked out any pee, I haven’t.”

“Can I see proof?”

Clara reddened at the thought… “Umph… fine.”

Jayden moved his hand from her thigh and slid it up under her skirt until it bumped into her heavily bloated belly. He lifted his fingers and rested his middle finger on the center of her underwear, right where the middle seam of her pantyhose was. Against all of his expectations, it was completely dry. He took his hand from it and brought it up to the back of her head, where he began stroking her hair gently. “Completely dry. I’m really proud…~”

Clara tried to hum affirmatively, but her stress and pain warped her voice until it sounded more like a uncomfortable groan. Jayden took notice and leaned around her to talk with some eye contact. “Clara?””

“Hm?”

“Are you enjoying this?”

Clara looked to the side, thinking, but her hurt expression made it look more like she was implying she wasn’t.

“Clara…? You can stop if you want to-”

“No, I just…”

“...”

“I’m trying to find the words.”

The silence grew long.

“M-my body.”

“Yeah?”

“My body hates this. It's objecting with every fiber of its being.”

“Oh…”

“It’s not wet, It’s hurting all over. Even in places that should have no relation to my bladder. It’s making me feel feverish and nauseous and… all of it. Physically, I feel all of the different little bad things.”

“...”

“Mentally, my brain hates this. It wants to pee, it wants to pee, it wants to pee. My brain has felt arousal holding it, but this is too far.”

“I’m sorry, yeah… but why are you still…?”

“Because my heart loves this.”

“Huh?”

“I love you. I love what you love, and because of that, I love this. My brain doesn't nor does my body, but in the same way scratching an itch is inflicting pain on yourself to gain pleasure, pain that your brain and body usually doesnt like, my brain is translating this pain to pleasure in spite of everything that is screaming for it to not feel that way.”

“I don’t know what to say…”

“I stopped enjoying this sexually once I got in my room. But I continued to hold it, and I will not stop, because it just feels… nice. Like I’m meant to do it.”

“Clara if I kissed you right now the suction would probably be so strong it collapses reality.”

“You don’t feel like that all the time?” She giggled.

They stared into eachother’s eyes, Clara interrupting the silence. “I suddenly really want to take this much further.”

“What?”

“Like, to the extreme.”

“How?”

“What if we like, went out on a date?”

“Like this?!”

“Now.”

“Now?! Clara, you’re such a weirdo!”

“Yeah, how many times have you caught me sniffing your dirty laundry?” Clara’s sly grin stretched further. “I have the perfect idea.”

“Yeah?”

“We go somewhere, with an outside section so nobody has to clean it up. And we wait there till I have an accident. It could be a crowded place, like a kava bar. I'll keep downing lots of drinks till the pee just forces itself out. I’ll act super embarrassed and run off crying because I probably will be humiliated, and to save face for you, you can pretend it was like, a first date or something!”

“That sounds really self indulgent, are you sure your brain and body aren't enjoying this?”

“... Ugh… I dunno. I’m really confused.”

“Then maybe we shouldn’t do that. You already have cry just talking to people who aren't your friends, pissing yourself in a public setting would probably kill you from embarrassment.”

“You’re right…” Clara stood up from Jayden’s lap, and began to turn around to face him. “Maybe we should- Ukh!!”

Clara’s ankle buckled from under her as she turned, and she collapsed to the floor. “Sh-shit no no… Uuuuu! No!”

A loud hissing sound erupted from her as she desperately mashed her hands in her skirt in a feeble attempt to stop the torrent of urine escaping from her over-exerted bladder. A river of urine gushed out from between her knees, and began spreading to the floor around her. It endlessly poured out of her, not losing any pressure or speed for almost two minutes. Then it began to weaken, and weaken, but still ran, dwindling off for another minute until her bladder finally ran dry.in the end, the puddle was unbelievably large. It ran from wall to wall and even creeped slowly out under his door into the living area as it struggled to find more space in Jayden’s room.

Jayden watched with a giddy grin as she emptied over half a day’s of hydration out of her, incredibly excited by her bladders inhuman size and capacity compared to how tiny, skinny and petite she was as a person. As she looked up at him in disappointment in herself, he forced an intimidating poker face, an aggressively unentertained expression despite how aroused he was at her current situation. Just look at her! Her skirt, pantyhose and presumably underwear were one hundred percent drenched. Her sleeve cuffs were sopping up urine as she supported herself by placing her hands on the floor, and all of the hair beneath her waist was soaked like the rest of her lower half. Jayden couldn’t tell, but pee had even pooled up in the toes of her shoes from the way she was sitting as she burst.

Jayden reached out, and grabbed the right side of her head with force, pushing her on her side and rubbing her face in the puddle like a puppy. More of her shirt and hair absorbed the puddle as this happened, she would need to shampoo extra tonight. “Look at what you’ve done! All of this! It’s your fucking fault!”

Clara was practically gushing with other fluids at this treatment. Jayden pressed her head against the puddled tile extra hard one last time before letting it go. As she righted herself upright, he gave her a firm slap across the cheek. “You failure, You bitch! I hate you so fucking-... Gh… Ugh!”

To Clara, that was like putting a ring on her finger and asking for marriage. Jayden rolled his chair out of the puddle, and stood where there was no urine to stink up his sneakers. “Clean this up now, you worthless fat pig!”

He stormed out of the room, and out of the dorm, slamming both doors on the way out. “I… love… you… too… JJ~” She muttered.

Not even a few seconds later, Clara’s phone buzzed. She lifted it to see a notification from Jayden. “goin to a car meet love u <3”

