Picking Little Lisa up from school (in the world of the little voice)

Author: AlmostWet

*000*2019-06-27 16:59

The story before this point can be found here

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/46695-the-little-voice/?do=embed"

Just as I finished cleaning myself up and was stepping out of the shower my phone rang. It was Pam saying she was offered overtime Friday this weekend. "Could you watch Lisa this weekend? "You are all she talks about since last time you babysat her. You seem to have made quite an impression on her. If I didn't know better I would say she is developing a crush on you." I giggled, "I hope she didn't say anything that will get me into trouble."

"Not at all" Pam assured me. "According to her you are the best thing since sliced bread. She won't stop bugging me about when she can come visit you again."

That's a load off my mind there for a minute I thought she had let something slip that would make her mom not trust me. "Have Lisa take a couple of changes of clothes to school with her on Friday and let her know not to ride the bus home because I will pick her up from school." Pam showered me with a thousand thank yous. I told her "no problem, she is fun to spend time with."

"You should act more like Lisa. She only wants to come over again because she knows at your place she can get away with pissing in her pants and not get in trouble for it. Next time she comes over you should have an accident just like her."

When she came out of the school Friday afternoon she made a bee line for my car. She opened the door and jumped in the passenger seat, tossed her back pack in the back seat. Threw her arms around me. She proceded to bounce and squirm around on my lap as shen squeeze the stuffings out of me. I smile at her snd I gave her a kiss on the cheek. "Take it easy there kid, you act like you are about to pee your pants" She giggled and blushed "Almost, but not quite. This is going to be so fun, a whole weekend with you instead of my uptight mom. Can we watch another movie tonight? Please, and this time you have to wear a pull up too, so you won't have to interupt it in the middle" Her energy is infectious cause I start laughing as I say. "Sure we can watch a movie when we get home. If you promise to never ever tell anybody I'll even think about about wearing pull up just for you, but only because it's you that ask me to wear it. No promises though."

As soon as she sat back down she crossed her legs and started bouncing them. I made a point of looking down at her squirming legs then making eye contact and winking as I smiled at her. It looks like some body forgot to use the bathroom before she left school." She looked down at her lap and said just loud enough for me to hear "Yep, your right, I am in a naughty mood and I knew you were going to pick me up after school. So even though a few of the kids teased me for doing the pee pee dance I ah..kinda.....ahm....haven't used the bathroom since lunch. I thought about trying to go all day with out going potty but I did that I would have wet myself before I got out of school.

I wanted to have to go really really bad when you picked me up but didn't want to wet my pants while I was still at school" I continued, "Normally I wouldn't say anything about this and I'm not telling you what to do. But I want to give you fair warning we are not going straight home. First we are getting a pizza and eatting it at the park. Remember the bathrooms at the park aren't working. So unless you can hold it till we get home you better go now." Unless of course you are wearing one of your pull ups, are you?" Her cheeks turn red. "No, but I wish I was, did you bring one with you?"

I put my arm on her shoulder "Nope, but thats ok, it is only Friday and we have a whole weekend together. That gives you enough time to have a dozen "accidents" in your pants if you want to." Her mischievous grin said volumes. "I don't wanna to use the bathroom. Even though I didn't drink much this afternoon I still really gotta go, it's not an emergency...yet. So...I...ahm... think I will probably.... be..ok...as long as its not to long before we get home. Anyway I can always tie my jacket around my waist if i have to hide a wet spot. Cause we both know the bathrooms at the store are to nasty to use even if I do have emergency."

"This is my kind of girl, she knew you were picking her up so she made sure she was on the verge of having an accident when school let out. That way once she left school there was no way she can avoid pissing her pants before you get home no matter how hard she tries. From the way she is potty dancing I'm supprised she didn't have her accident in school. I'll bet she already leaked a little into her panties and it won't be long before her pants are soaked too"

"Your not so bad yourself, letting her make you wear a pull-up during the movie. That's slick, this way you get to try it out and it is her idea not yours."

"So, what have you been up to since last time we talked?" She pauses for a few seconds before answering. "Nothing fun. We babysat my little cousin last Saturday. Can you believe it he is almost 5 and his mom still breast feeds him? He still wears diapers all the time too, he even poops in them, yucky gross." I said "Maybe he can't help it." She responds.

"Yes he can, he just doesn't want to stop what he is doing to use the bathroom." I smile at her and look down at her bouncing leggs as I say "That sounds familiar, doesn't it" She blushes again while she is saying "Ya, I know, But it is totaly not fair. He gets away with it, the adults just change him and even think it cute. I get in big trouble if my panties get even a little bit wet. I can't even imagine what would happen to me if I didn't even try to make it to the bathroom and used my pants every time. Sure i want to breast feed just like him but can you picture the look on moms face if I ask to suck on her bobbies? She would probably faint.

Uh-oh, when she squeezed me it made me have to poop. I don't think going to the park without bathrooms is a good idea. "Oh come on, It won't take that long to eat. You might be able to hold it or then again you might end up filling your pants. Either way, the challenge of trying to keep your panties clean will be exciting regardless of the outcome"

"The only problem I see treating you like they treat him is that you don't need to be treated that way. You act like a big girl that always makes it to the bathroom on time... well almost always. Now if you were to have an accident in your pants that would change things. I If you went potty in your pants I would have to put you into diapers to keep you from making any more messes. Here is what's going to happen, I will wear a pull up for you during the movie but only if you don't. Then if you act like a big girl and make it to the bathroom on time, every time from now until bed time tonight you get to wear your big girl panties tomorrow. But if you have an accident in your pants or get your panties even a tiny bit wet you will have to wear baby girl diapers all day tomorrow. The choice is yours. I will never force you but I'm giving you the chance to get treated just like him for a day if you really want it to happen."

She shifted into her little girl voice "Oh goodie, this is going to be even more fun than I thought. A whole day of being a baby girl. Using my dipies instead of having to worry about running to the potty all the time, you changing me and pampering me." She stuck her thumb in her mouth. "goo goo ga ga," Then she leaned over and gave me another hug.

She laid the side of her face on my boob making sucking sounds and"and I get to breast feed too?". I took a mental step back, I hadn't thought about that part "We'll have to see about that, I'm not sure it is a good idea for you suck on my boobs, let's get you a bottle instead." She laid there sucking her thumb and giving me those cute puppy dog eyes "But you said you would treat me just like him. I wove you mommy Sara" I think she hugged me as hard as she could. It was hard enough that it squeezed a fart out of me.

"Easy there Little Lisa, Another hug like that and you will literally squeeze the poop out of me." She pretended to squeeze me again and said still in her little girl voice "oh boy!, Mommy Sara has a stinky butt. It will be fun to watch her make poopie in her pants. Will you pweese poopie your panties for me. I've never seen an adult have an accident before"

"So that's what she is up to. She wants to act like the boy that gets babied and gets all the attention because he still goes in his pants and gets breast feeds. It is cool that you are giving her the chance to play it out and have her fun. It sounds like she even wants you to have an accident too. Maybe next time it will be your turn to be the cute little diaper girl."

"With you refusing to use the bathroom even though you are squirming like a worm the same as you were just before peeing your pants during the last movie you are well on your way to earning your day as a little baby girl. We better make a quick stop to get a few supplies and get you home before your potty emergency turns into a public potty accident." She gets that disappointed look and says "I promise to try really, really, really hard to hold it. Can we still go to the park, please?"

Sorry sweety, not today....ah...I..ah.." She giggles at my lack of words and says "Well, spit it out, it can't be that bad." I take a deep breath and say it realy fast. "I have to poop, ....super bad." She rolls her eyes me and sighs" here we go again, our fun gets interupted just because you have to run to the potty. You always have to be the big girl that's never willing to hold till the fun is over just cause your scared you might have a little accident."

I counter "hold on a minute there little girl. I did promise that I would wear a pull-up during the movie and not get up till its over even if it causes me to piss myself. But an accident in public is over the line. Besides if you make me poop myself you have to clean it up. Do you really want to wipe my shitty ass clean?" She makes a gagging noise "no way, that's nasty. Fine we can go home so you can go poop in the potty instead of your panties this time.

But next time you better remember go before you leave the house or wear a pull-up cause I'm not going to let you spoil our fun just to run off to the potty." Wait one minute kiddo. You are forgetting who is in charge here. Sometimes I let you play at being the boss but remember I only do only what I choose to do and I can put you over my knee and swat that cute little ass of yours any time I want." We will just see how you act tommorow when it is you that has to poop while you are in baby diapers and are not allowed to use the potty."

*002*2019-06-27 19:36

It was a while back in the story but there is a mention of Lisa liking to wait till the last minute and put on a pull-up before bed time just so she can wet it while she is still awake. The first time Sara watched Lisa she put on a pull-up before watching a movie because she knew she would wet her self instead of interrupting the movie. Sarah didn't get mad when she found out so Lisa is taking advantage of the chance to play without getting in trouble.

It was intended to be a bit of a surprise for Sara when Lisa was so bold by holding it in school and in public.

*003*2019-07-01 12:04

"Now buckle up it's time to get going." the whole 20 minutes ride to the store my poop was trying to escape. By the time we arrived at the store I was prairie dogging. Lisa was right I should have gone before I left home. I didn't think about it because I didn't have to go then but now I'm in trouble, if I dont find a bathroom and soon she won't be the only one that has to change her pants when we get home. "Let's zip in the store and get what we need and get back out here as quick as we can so everyone in there doesn't see your pants get wet."

Good, the bathroom was right by the front doors."I have to stop here for a minute. If I don't my panties will be messy before we get home. I bet it would happen before we get done shopping. You coming with me? "She took a long look at the bathroom door. I could see the debate going on in her head. I can almost hear her thinking "I can't hold it much longer. I should should use the bathroom but I really don't want to. The question is do I have the nerve not to even though I might wet myself in the store with everyone watching me?"

After about a minute she shook her head no "I will wait for you here" I looked at down her wiggling leggs and said "suit yourself, little girl. I will be a quick as I can. Try not to make a puddle before I get back, I don't want to miss the best part of the show" She stuck her tongue out at me and "Ha Ha, Very funny, you are the one that is running to the bathroom cause you are starting to poop in your panties so don't even try to make fun of me. If you truly are big girl you could keep holding till we get home like I'm doing.

She is right you know. You should try to make it home. You have an even chance, will your panties just have a skid mark or will they be full when you get there? The fact that she did ask you to go in your pants and knowing thate there is a chance you might not make it is exciting. Your panties are already wet and sticky. That last hug almost caused you to mess in your panties and the turtle head has been peeking out ever since. Plus watching her dancing and squirming and knowing she intentionally skipped all her chances to use the bathroom after lunch because she knew she would be with you this afternoon has you all worked up. Even now she refuses to use the toilet even though she knows she is likely to lose control before you are done shopping. Its enough to make you want to reach down and get your self off even if you are in public."

I actually thought about waiting but there is no way I can let myself have an accident in public so I did my business in the bathroom. Wiped the girly juices off before they soaked all the way through my pants. Then headed back out to where Lisa was waiting.

I took her by the hand and said, "come on. First thing on the list is drinks and chips." I put several of my 1 liter bottles of Coke into the cart and she got two 2 liter bottles of Cherry Coke. I threw couple bags of chips into the cart completing the munchie shopping. The next stop was the girls clothing section. She ask "Why are we here?"

"To get you a pair of skin tight leggings to wear around my place." That rated a squeel and a hug. "Sweet, mom won't let me wear anything like that, she thinks they show too much." I put my arm around her and squeezed "she does have a point there, that is why you are only ajjowed to wear them at my place where no one but me gets to see your cute little butt nearly naked. You can where them tonight during the movie. They will give me a much better view while you are doing your I'm going to my pants dance and when you do loose control they won't hide anything. I will get to watch the pee shoot out of you and straight through them"

I took her hand again and started leading her towards the baby asile. "Now to get the supplies baby girl will need for Saturday." The first section of the asile was the baby bottles and pacifiers. I tossed a pacifer into the cart "something to plug the whole in case Baby Girl talks to much. Now you pick out the bottle that you think our Baby Girl will like best." She looked me in the eye and started blushing as she said "I don't think Baby Girl wants a bottle, she want to breast feed just like he does "Maybe, but I will have to think about it. Even if i let her she still needs a bottle to drink her Coke out of" She looked around to make sure nobody would overhear her "Baby Girl will do anything for you if feed her".

"I thought to my self, it sounds like she really wants to go all the way with this baby girl thing.

Interesting, You to not be into girls then why do you feel you nipples getting hard just thinking about her sucking on them.

She scanned the shelves for a few seconds before picking one on the top shelf. Even standing on her tippy toes she could barely reach it. Just as her hand grasp it she sucked in a sudded gasp of air and quickly crossed her leggs. She dropped the bottle and bent half way over. Shoving her hand between her leggs and holding on for dear life. Her fingers were rubbing back and forth in a desperate attempt to avoid making a puddle in the middle of the store asile. I herd her wisper "shit, shit, not yet, not here, I have to hold it till we get home." She stayed bent over holding and rubbing herself for about 30 seconds before she stood up.

"Ah did my Baby Girl just have a wittle accident in her panties?" She blushed as she looked arround to see if anyone was waching "Nope, I'm still a big girl cause it wasn't really an accident, only a itty bitty dribble leaked out. I'm alright for now but we better hurry up and get out of here if I'm going to stay a big girl till we get home". I found myself disappointed that I didn't get to watch pee pour through her pants down her leggs and that she was not standing in a puddle. There wasn't even a visiable wet spot. "Not really, hungh, sounds like if i check your panties right now I will find they have a wet spot showing that my big girl is already acting a bit like my wittle baby girl." She looked down at the floor and smiled but didn't say a word.

I put another package of pull-ups in the cart. "You already used an extra one and if I'm going to wear one during todays movie. We need to replace the extra ones we are using so your mom doesn't notice." I also picked up a package of XL diapers and held them up "what do you think of these? Baby Girl needs the real thing on Saturday. Unlike the Pull-ups that she can pull down and use the toilet whenever she wants, these have to stay on except during dipey changes." Some baby wipes went in next. "If Baby Girl can't take her dipey off when she needs to go potty we have to have something to wipe her bottom clean." A tube of diaper rash cream to keep my Baby Girls bottom all nice and soft, and most important rash free. Now lets get get this stuff paid for as quick as we can. You still have a chance to make it out of here before the piss in your panties soaks through your jeans and everyone starts staring at your pee pee pants."

As we were checking out she was doing a full on I am about to pee in my pants dance. The cashier even pointed out to her where the bathrooms were. Little Lisa looked at the cashier and blushed "I know where the are but those bathroom are always way to dirty and nasty to even think about using. But that's ok, I don't have to go that bad. I might be able to wait till we get home." The cashier looked down at her crossed legs and shook her head. "If you say so, It's not my car seat. But your sister may not appreciate hers getting wet." I looked at her and ask "Are you sure? Its going to be a long 20 minute ride home?" She took me by the hand and led me to the parking lot.

*006*2019-07-08 18:15

When we got to the car I told her "wait a minute before you get in. Let me put this puppy pad on your seat, just in case you can't quite make it home." She smirked and ask "why are you carrying those around in your car?" I said "its no big deal. The bathrooms were broken at school the other day and I gave my friend a ride home after she had an accident in her pants." Lisa made a ha sound "a friend hugh? What was this friends name? Was it Sara?" I rolled my eyes at her "very funny, as a mater of fact her name is Nancy. Be nice or I will take you back into the store and tickle you in in front of everyone. And we both know what that will do." She laughed "No you won't, you are the one that said I had to keep being a big girl until we get home."

She called my bluff, "Ok, maybe I won't but I maybe I will. Now sit your cute little butt down and let's get going. You still have to be a big girl for a long 20 minute ride home. And I'm not sure my big girl can't control the little girl inside that wants so badly to come out and play. So I am making her sit on a puppy pad so my seat stays dry." She went back into her little girl voice "Mommy Sara, are you sure you need to wait until we get home to check my panties? Maybe you should check them now. I'm not sure but they might have gotten a little bit wet while we were in the store. If they did you would have to diaper me now." I reached over and patted her on on the leg. "Good try sweety, but that can't happen in public. Baby Girl will just have to wait until Sat."

"I need your help with something. I can't decide if I am thristy or not. As you know, I just went to the bathroom. So if I don't drink anything there is a good chance that I can keep the Pull-Up that you are making me wear dry until the end of the movie. On the other hand I think I might be a little thirsty. The thing is I can never just sip my Coke. If I open one now I will be gone before we get home. Of course I will have to open another one to go with the pizza. That would mean I would be drinking two liters of Coke before the end of the movie. If I do that there is no way I will be able to stay dry till the end of the movie.

In fact the real question is once all that Coke runs through me and comes out the other end is how badly will the Pull-Up leak." She reached into the bag and pulled out one of my bottles of Coke and took the lid off of it. As she was handing it to me "where is the fun in wearing a Pull-Up if it stays dry. So here, I think you are really thirsty. You are not going to spoil our fun this time, so even if you drink the whole bottle before we get home you don't get a potty break till after the movie." I held eye contact with her for a few seconds "It that so? Well, if I don't get a pee pee break then neither do you."

"That's ok, as soon as we get home I don't have to worry about being a big girl any more. My little girl already plans on holding it till the end of the movie even if it causes her to have a wittle accident" She said as she put her hand between her legs and crossed them.

I pulled one of her drinks out of the bag "Why don't you have one too?" She looked at it and groned. She even brought her heal up under herself sat on it and started slowly rocking back and forth. "Cause I am a big girl and big girls know better than to drink any more when they are already about to make pee pee in their pants. If I have anything to drink now I won't be able to contwol my wittle girl till we get home. She will come out to play and your car seat will get all wet." I leaned over and hugged her. Making sure to put my hand on her bladder as I squeezed. "She doesn't have to worry about the seat, that is why we put a puppy pad under you." She squeeled when I squeezed her.

"Stop that! Your making a little bit leak out. My panties getting wet, and its all your fault" I held the hug for a few more seconds, kissed her on the forehead then let go. As I pulled away I looked down at her lap. I not sure but I think I saw a dark spot on her pants. "My fault? I dont remember telling you that you couldn't use the bathroom all afternoon. That was all you. You chose to do it because you knew it would cause you to end up in this situation. You sealed your fate when you refused to use the bathroom in the store even though you knew it would make you to have an accident. We both know your commited now. Even if you change you mind there is nothing you can do to keep it from happening. So you can't blame me for having a little fun with you between now and then."

*008*2019-07-15 10:47

"Why don't you go ahead and order the pizza that way it will get there about the same time we do." She called the pizza place and made the order. The whole way home she was quite and continued to rock and forth on her heal. Shortly before we got there she tensed up and started chewing on her bottom lip. Soon after that she looked at me. "Mommy Sara.... I sorwy, pweese don't be mad. I know you told me I had to stay dry till we got home. I twied weally, weally hard to hold it. I weally did. But I'm starting to have an accident. I can't stop it. I'm peeing my pants. Now I'm going to get in trouble. Pweese don't spank me." She only lost control for a few seconds but it was long enough to make a softball sized wet spot on her pants. "I'm not going to spank you. I know you tried to hold it like big girl but but couldn't quite do it. Your panties may be soaked and you pants have gotten a little wet but the puppy pad kept the seat all safe and dry."

"Looks like you made your decision about this weekend. Good thing we got the supplies when we did. Now that you really are acting like your little cousin you are going to need them if your pants are going to stay dry and clean when your little butt gets wet and dirty. Starting right after the movie there will be no more using the potty for you until Sunday."

"Now it is starting to getting good. To bad you were busy driving and couldn't pay full attention to the show. But that's ok she only leaked a little. She is still squirming like a worm so there is plenty more show to enjoy"

As we got home the pizza delevery boy was walking to the door. I shut the car off and handed Lisa the money for the pizza. "Take this and go pay him for the pizza while I carry the supplies in." She got that embarrassed look on her face and said" But he is kinda cute and he will see that my pants are wet. And I really need to get inside to the potty right away or my little wet spot is going turn into a big puddle." I put the money into her hand. "That may be true but you should have thought about that before you decided to play your little game in public. You knew something might come up and delay you getting home making your accident happen where someone other than just me might see it. In fact your lucky you were able to hold it till the end of school. What would you have done if you couldn't? Would you have peed your pants in front of your classmates or would you have broken down and gone in the potty?"

"I'm glad that didn't happen. I would have had to use the bathroom. Mom would have found out and she spanks me when I wet my pants."

"Now get going."

She walked over to the pizza boy and said "hi". As soon as she stoped walking she immediately started doing the I'm going pee pee in my pants dance. Crossed her leggs and bent over a little bit. He turned around "I've got a large pepperoni..... are you ok?" The look on her face was a cross between I'm going to die of embarrassment and the excitment of getting caught being a bad little girl. "Kind of. Well not really. We just got home and I need to go potty reeeaaallllllyyyyy bad. If I don't hurry up and get inside I going to have a accident."

He stared down at where her hand was clamped between her legs. Watching the wet spot slowly expanding down her legs. "I'm sorry cutie pie but it looks like it's already to late for that. You didn't make in time and now you are going potty in your pants. Wow, I've never seen a girl piss her pants before. You know what, it's actually kinda hot. I'll be more than happy to help you clean up and get changed into dry pants." She was blushing beet red but at the same time her breathing was noticeably faster and there were goose bumps on her arms.

"Oh my god, I can,t believe I am standing here in front of you wetting my pants. Only little kids put off going potty so long that they end up doing it in their pants. I knew I should have gone sooner but I got busy and .... ah... sorry I can't let you help me this time, I'm already spoken for tonight. But I do have a habit of not going till the very last minute and you never know I might have another accident sometime." He took his pen and wrote something on the pizza box. "That's too bad. I'm putting my name and number on the box. Give me a call when you have a free night or any time you don't make it to the potty in time and need a baby sitter to take care of you." She retreated inside and steped out of sight.

*011*2019-07-16 15:43

When I broke it up for the last post I didn't notice that the part that told his age ended up on the next post. So here is the next paragraph. The pizza boy is supposed to be a High School aged.

As I walked by the pizza boy I told him "the show is over, time to put your eyes back into your head. Shirley you can't tell me that you have never almost peed your pants while you were out delivering and couldn't get to a bathroom right away." The look on his face told me he never expected to hear that from me. "Well, ya I've had to go pretty bad but I never actually wet my pants." I gave him my best sweet, sexy smile "In that case you have been lucky. You look like you can't be more than about 16 or 17, not to old to have an accident, accidents can happen to anybody.

In fact if you just happen to be doing the I'm about to piss my pants dance next time you deliver a pizza to us I promise you will get a big tip. And if you "accidently" pee yourself I might even invite you in so you can clean you up and change into dry pants. It was his turn to blush "It might be worth it if you guys help me clean up. But, I don't know if I could just stand here and do that. My body won't let go unless I am in the bathroom." I put my face up next to his ear and wispered "sure you can, if you have to go bad enough. I hope to see you soon." I stepped inside and shut the door.

*014*2019-07-22 13:21

She was about to hyperventilate."My god that was so cool, My heart is beating so fast it's about to explode. I tried to stop peeing but I couldn't, it just came out on its own and there was nothing I could do to stop it. I was a real accident and it happened right in front of him, I can't believe he wasn't grossed out. He was seriously hitting on me even though there was pee was running down my legs. He even gave me his phone number and everything." I took the pizza out of her hands and set it down. "Not only was he not gossed out I think he he was getting off watching you piss your self."

"The first order of business is to get this bra off. Then I will inspect your panties and see if you kept them dry. Once that is done I will let you put your new pants on but no panties under them. They just don't look right with panty lines." She looked at me strangely "I just peeed my pants there is no way my panties are dry." I gently shook my finger at her "I said I was going to inspect your panties for wet spots and that is what I am going to do. Like I said you can't blame me for having a little fun with the game your playing."

I pulled all the curtains to keep out any prying eyes. I took the bottom of my shirt and pulled it up over my head and tossed it onto a chair. She said "I hate bras, can I take mine off too?" I gave her a sweet smile "of course you can sweety, you never have to wear one while you are here unless of course your mom is here too." I pulled my arms out of the shoulder straps and turned my bra around backwards so I could reach the hooks. It rubbed my already hard nipples as it slid around. The tingles that caused made me want to shove my hand down my pants and make myself cum right then and there. But I matained control and the bra joined my shirt on the chair.

While I was doing that she took her shirt off and was struggling to reach behind her back and get her bra unhooked. "Will you help me with this damn thing? I hate these real bras, I can't reach the hooks. Mom is makes me wear them even though my boobs aren't big enough to need one yet. My undershirts were doing just fine."As I walked up to her I could smell the fresh pee. "Here, let me show an easy way to do this." I pulled one of the straps off her shoulder "now slide your arm out of this strap. Then repeted the process on the other side. Then I put my hands on the sides of her bra and slowly turned it around backwards. As I did so her bra rubbed against her nipples just like mine did. She closed her eyes sighed. When it was all the way around I slid my fingers inside it so I unhooked the hooks. Without even trying to my fingers ended up being pushed up against her tits by the strap. The sound she made reminded me of a cat purring.

I took her hands in mine "I'm not into girls but your tan lines are kinda cute. These games you've been playing are really getting to you aren't they, look how hard your nipples are. I bet all the boys like staring at you" She opened her eyes "They never look at me they only like looking at the girls with the big boobies...sometimes even I like to look at them. Does that make me a bad person?" I shook my head no "it just means you are curious, there is nothing wrong with enjoying the view. It does help explain why you haven't taken your eyes off mine since I took my shirt off. It might also have something to do with why you are so set on me breast feeding you."

Her eyes were fixed on my titties." It's hard not to look when your nipples are as hard as mine. Mine are that way cause I've been playing all afternoon and just wet my pants in front a cute boy while he was hitting on me, but why are yours so hard?"

"Mine are hard because I enjoyed watching you play your game almost as much as you enjoyed playing it. Plus the fact that you have been staring at them ever since my bra came off."

*017*2019-07-24 14:36

Thank you, practice makes perfect.

*018*2019-08-12 13:27

"Lets get this panty inspection going. All that Coke I drank on the way home is starting to run through me. With promising I won't use the bathroom until after the movie is finished we better get you inspected, cleaned up and changed into your new pants soon. Cause I can't get into a Pull Up until I get you taken care of. If it takes to long you won't be the only one who pees in her pants today."

"In that case how about I do this" She said as she reached out and started tickling my ribs and the sides of my boobs.

"Cut that out! If you do that for very long my pants might actually get wet. Besides, you need to be carefull, I might think you are trying to feel me up.

She stopped and stepped back and stuttered "I',m sorry, I didn't plan to touch them. It just happened. I've gone and messed everything up. Now you think I am some kind of perv."

"Relax, I'm not mad at you. Just surprised, that's all. A quick feel is nothing compaired to you setting your self up to pee your pants in front of me. Or me getting off on watching you do the potty dance. In fact I took my time in the store just so I could make the show last longer. Then when you starting to pee yourself and the pizza was arriving I couldn't resist adding one more delay by making you pay for it. It got me hot watching you struggle to hold on but peeing yourself right in front of a cute boy."

"Now I think you are the one that is trying to delay me."

She put her finger tips back on my ribbs. "I wouldn't hurt for you to prove you need to wear a pull up. You wouldn't let me watch you poop your pants but maybe I can still get you to wet them."

*020*2019-08-20 15:54

"Nope, not going to happen. I'm a grown up, and grown ups don't wet their pants. Well, hardly ever wet their pants. The only grown up I have ever seen wet them self was my friend Nancy and it wasn't her fault cause the school made us go to class even though they had no working bathrooms. Just imagine what would happen if you go to school and all the bathrooms are broken but they make you stay until the end of the day any way. You would be soaked before school let out."

"Ya, me and half of my class. The teacher might even have an accident. That will never happen. But, next day you are going to pick me up from school, it would be fun to wear one of my Pull ups and pretend the bathrooms were broken."

"Wouldn't you be worried about getting caught? Someone might see your Pull up or it might leak? Remember it can only hold one wetting. The second time your pee will leak out just like you are not wearing it. Then you will end up in soaked pants sitting in a big puddle. Do you really think you can go all day with just one pee?"

"Maybe I can. I'm not sure though. That's what makes it so exciting. I might not be able to hold it till the end of the day. I might end up having to run to the bathroom at the last minute. And who knows I might not be able to make there in time and the whole class will see me wet myself just like the cute pizza boy did."

"I'm not sure if that is a good idea or not. You will have to wait and see. Alright, enough of your distractions. You really are trying to keep off track long enough that I piss my pants, arn't you?"

"And I'm doing a good job of it too."

"Now turn around. The first thing I am going to check is, did you make poopy in your panties?"

"Your one to talk. It wasn't me that had to run to the potty because her poop was starting to come out. It should be me checking to see how much poop is in your panties."

*023*2019-10-15 16:07

"I will tell you what, I will let you look at the skid marks in my panties and change me into a pull up. But only if you stop finding reasons to put off your inspection and let me check your panties and change you into your new pants before I piss myself. If you make me pee in my pants I will go in the bathroom and change behind a closed door. You won't get look and see if my panties got dirty or change me into a pull-up."

"Now turn around." I put my hands on her shoulders and gently turn her so she was facing away from me. Sticking two fingers into the waist band of her pants I pulled it away from her by a few inches. "First for the sniff test" I put my nose by the gap and sniffed in a deep breath.

"Your strange if you like smelling by butt"

"I am just checking to see if it smells like poop. Well, no poop smell. A really strong smell of piss and the smell of an excited girl but no poop. Now I am going to look and see if I can see any poop." I looked down the back of her pants. "I see your butt crack, a little bit of each cheek and some more of those super cute tan lines. But no poop to be found.

"See I told you I didn't poop my pants. I didn't even come close to pooping my pants, like you did."

