The Doctor Will See You Now

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2018-09-19 03:22

Amy’s foot tapped nervously against the sterile linoleum floors of the doctor’s office. Her appointment was supposed to be an hour ago but the waiting room has been packed and it felt as if the nurses were calling every name but hers. The air conditioning easily penetrated her white button down and goosebumps were clearly visible on her legs since her tight, light gray, work skirt left them mostly exposed.

Her eyes kept darting hesitantly over towards the bathroom door. Every time they did she couldn’t help but think of all the liquids she’d consumed that day. A few cups of coffee and then several bottles of water to combat the dehydration coffee inevitably brought about. She had left work without using the bathroom because she had assumed this visit would be quick. She was paying the price for that rationale now. She dreaded to get up and relieve herself for fear that her name would be called while she was gone and she’d lose her place in line.

Right as her need escalated enough to make her squirm in her seat, her name was finally called. She stood up quickly and instantly regretted it when the motion momentarily put more pressure on her bladder, but even still she did her best to not give away her urgent need. The nurse led her to an empty room before turning to her and passing her one of those hospital gowns with the open back. “Please remove your clothes and bra then put this on. Afterwards feel free to take a seat and the doctor should be with you shortly,”.

Amy waited until the door had closed firmly behind the nurse and then took several moments to steel herself. She knew her aching bladder would not appreciate the strain that undressing would cause her and so she tried to strengthen her resolve before beginning the process. She removed her button down first, knowing the garments on her body would be the least painful to remove. Her plain white bra followed shortly afterwards.

Now she was filled with apprehension. She kicked off her heels with relative ease but the tightness of her skirt would require her to shimmy out of it. She took a deep breath before unzipping the skirt and beginning to tug it off, thus having to bend progressively lower as her skirt work its way down her legs. She couldn’t help but moan as her skirt finally made its way to her ankles, a decent sized squirt hitting her pink panties. She quickly stood up, slightly panicked, and grabbed her crotch to prevent another leak. Only once she was positive she had regained control did she remove her hands, step out of her skirt, and don the hospital gown.

The paper on the examination table crinkled as she sat on it. She continued to squirm the slightest bit as she waited eagerly for the doctor’s arrival. After several more minutes had passed she had begun to squirm more frantically and crossed her legs. She quickly ceased such activities when the doctor finally entered several more minutes afterwards.

To her dismay, the doctor was an attractive fellow and had to have been right around her age. While she would typically enjoy having such eye candy around, especially one that would be examining her near naked body, she dreaded the thought of humiliating herself in front of such a gorgeous man. She understood nothing as he attempted to explain what he was going to do as part of her physical because her concentration was solely on her aching bladder and making sure she didn’t release it all over the table.

Suddenly she felt the cold of his stethoscope sliding around her back. She did her best to breathe as instructed but she couldn’t hide the tension in her body from the doctor’s keen gaze. “I know doctor’s visits can be scary but I promise I won’t bite. Lighten up!” the doctor said as he attempted to console her. She tried to do as he asked but the minute she relaxed a bit she felt a hot jet of urine force its way into her panties. Her face flames red although it seemed the momentarily spurt had not managed to make its way through the barrier of her underwear. She sighed in relief when the doctor removed the stethoscope only to be filled with dread once more when she realized he was to test her reflexes. Part of her attempts to hold had involved keeping her thighs tightly pressed together but the reflex test would require her to separate them. She tried to subtely take deep breaths to prepare herself but even that wasn’t enough.

While she did manage to spread her legs, the first tap and subsequent reaction was enough to cause another spurt to leak out of her quickly tiring bladder. This time it passed through her panties, the jet crinkling the paper when it landed. The doctor seemed to take no notice until it happened again after he tapped her second leg. Even then he only gave her a peculiar look before shrugging it off and beginning his examination.

At this point poor Amy was shaking, her urethra quivering as its hold threatened to break. She was entirely unaware now of the doctor’s ministrations. She could feel when his hands would poke or prod her but her attention was entirely on her poor, overextended bladder. A slight hissing could be heard for a moment and the paper crinkling once again when another leak forced its way out of her. Once again the doctor shot a peculiar look Amy’s way.

“Alright Amy I will be right back,” he told her, shooting one last glance her way before exiting the room. Almost as soon as he was gone Amy’s poor bladder finally gave out. She could do nothing but cover her face and try not to cry as an audible hissing noise filled the room, a telltale crinkling as her stream hit the table, and then the splattering noise as her urine dripped from off the table onto the floor below. The doctor returned to find her there in that same position, piss cascading out of her and onto the floor.

Eventually her flow subsided and the only sound in the room was the slow drips going from the table to the floor. There was a pause, the air heavy with tension. Eventually the doctor awkwardly cleared his throat, causing a chagrined Amy to lift her head and look at him shame faced. “So you’re erm. All good physically,” the doctor told her. Amy nodded her head and stood up, cringing at the feeling of her wet panties and also at the wet spot that had formed on the front of the hospital gown. The doctor turned to walk away, opened the door, only to pause there for a moment and turn back to her. “You may want to come back another time and get your bladder checked out though,” the doctor finally blurted out before swiftly leaving the room.

As Amy stewed in her misery inside the room, the doctor made his way down the hallway clearly flustered. Eventually a nurse, spotting his expression, stopped him, a slow smile growing on her face. “Another one pissed themselves didn’t they?” the nurse asked, suppressing a laugh. The doctor nodded “Fourth fucking one this week,” he lamented. The nurse burst out laughing, patting the doctor on the back in a vaguely comforting gesture before she continued down the hall, her laughter not ceasing for a moment. The doctor shook his head and heaved a sigh before walking off to deal with his next patient.

