Idea for an oc universe

Author: Anon_User

*000*2023-07-12 04:53

So I have been thinking of making a new original story I call the Other World. It will feature stories of oc women in another world where they look hotter, dress more revealingly and have to obey orders from men, in which the most important command from men is women having to hold in their pee.

Here’s the concept for it but in better detail:

« In the bustling city of the Other World, life carried on much like ours. The same countries, the same pets, the same buildings reaching up towards the sky. But there was a twist, one that created ripples of curiosity and sparked a primal urge for understanding among those who were aware of it. It all begans when women reach the age of 18, their bodies transforming in an instant. Their figures became noticeably curvier, their hips and thighs thicker, and their boobs even bigger. This was not just a natural change, but a divergence from the norms of our own world. Laws are also put in place to dictate how these women should act, dress, and present themselves to the world. Clothing became a radical expression of their newfound femininity. Casual and fancy attire consisted of revealing garments that left little to the imagination. Choices ranged from small bikinis and lingerie to tiny booty shorts and unbuttoned crop tops, strategically leaving just enough covered to satisfy the regulations. In the frosty winters, they were allowed knee socks and jackets, as long as they still revealed their bodies. But it wasn't just clothing that shaped their existence. 

Women were expected to bow to the commands of their husbands, fathers, or any other dominant male figure in their lives. Their lives became a never-ending cycle of unwavering obedience, their desires and aspirations subservient to the whims of others. And yet, there were some who took advantage of this power dynamic, exploiting it in the most unconventional and painfully daring ways imaginable. One of the most popular demands men had for women was the act of withholding their need to relieve themselves. Women were forced to endure excruciating discomfort, unable to relieve themselves until their request was granted by the men in their lives, or until the men themselves saw fit to grant them respite. The men even had the authority to deny such requests, forcing the women to continue enduring the torment. If they fail, the women must hold it in again until they fulfill the demands while being mercilessly subjected to the haunting sound of water, a cruel reminder of their desperation. Such was the reality of the Other World, a world teetering on the edge of our own, yet far removed from anything we could fathom. It was a place that sparked both curiosity and repulsion, where many spectators marveled at the resilience and endurance of these women. »

If you have any thoughts about this, please let me know, I’m always open to ideas, proposals and calm interactions. Merci

&&

*003*2023-07-12 11:49

{{4 hours ago, Poizen said:

Something like this? She’s a student and works part time as a waitress at a local cafe, she doesn’t have a boyfriend atm but only pees when her male teachers/her boss lets her

}}

Yea, just like that. She looks really good. I’ll have a story out for her soon

{{1 minute ago, Mr.Spectator said:

Yea, just like that. She looks really good. I’ll have a story out for her soon

}}

Just a quick question: what is her personality like? I’d hate to make up something that the creator of the character did not envision. I like to be accurate as possible to the source material

*005*2023-07-12 17:07

{{4 hours ago, Poizen said:

She’s generally upbeat and friendly but gets more shy the more she has to pee, she always tries her best to follow orders but she has a bit of a hard time holding and leaks a lot. Like I said she is a student, she majors in communications, and works at a cafe as a waitress. She’s pretty sporty but I wouldn’t say she’s overly athletic.

}}

I see. Thank you for sharing, I’ll try to get a story done as quick as possible with my random work schedule being random haha

*007*2023-07-12 23:22

{{3 hours ago, OrionsBelt said:

Definitely a very sex-forward kind of story idea, but nonetheless interesting! I'm interested in where it goes.

Id also create a character like Poizen but my drawing skills aren't the best, lol.

}}

That’s fine, my drawing skills aren’t good either, so chef don’t judge lol. The Other Side concept just takes ideas and makes small stories that add up into a bigger picture, like mini adventures. Feel free in giving me an idea if you want, no pressure

*008*2023-07-13 15:48

{{On 7/12/2023 at 3:08 AM, Poizen said:

Something like this? She’s a student and works part time as a waitress at a local cafe, she doesn’t have a boyfriend atm but only pees when her male teachers/her boss lets her

}}

Evelyn Moore’s Story

Evelyn walked into the college lobby early in the morning, wearing her underwear with only a tied crop top as a shirt. It was the norm in The Other World, where all the girls dressed this way. It was revealing, but all the other girls in the college were wearing similar clothing, so there wasn’t much Evelyn had to be embarrassed about, but she was still self-conscious about how she appeared. But she brushed that feeling aside and headed to her communications class, taking a seat at a desk ready for class to start.

As the minutes ticked on in the first period, Evelyn felt a sudden urge to pee. Ignoring her bladder's pleas, she held it in, not asking for permission. Months ago, the principal had ordered the removal of all female bathrooms on campus, minus the bathrooms in the dorms, and converting them into storage rooms. This was the reality in The Other World, as the principal legally held this power. Throughout the school day, Evelyn's discomfort grew. Desperately trying not to pee herself, she squirmed in her seat, her bladder bulging out from her lower abdomen showing how full her bladder was. She noticed that her female classmates and teachers were in the same predicament as her, some worse than others and her.

When the final bell rang, Evelyn hurried back to her dorm, eager to relieve herself. However, as she entered her dorm she glanced at the clock and gasped. It was already 2:30 pm, and she was going to be late for work! Hastily changing into her work attire, being a barely buttoned up crop top, she opted to use the bathroom at her job since there wouldn't be enough time in her dorm.

Arriving at work, she clocked in and approached her shift manager, greeting him. She asked if she could quickly use the restroom before attending to customers. Shockingly, her request was denied, as her manager told her that they were short staffed for the shift and he needed her out on the floor asap. Desperate and without a say in the matter, Evelyn crossed her legs and obediently began her shift.

Hours passed, and Evelyn's agony intensified. She struggled to hold in her bursting bladder, even as she drank more water. She leaked here and there, but she persisted, determined to not embarrass herself. But when she finished her shift, she discovered that the female restroom was inconveniently under maintenance. With no other options, she clocked out, left work and started the agonizing trip home.

Back at her dorm, panic set in as Evelyn scrambled to find her keys in her purse. She stood at her door, tightly crossing her legs, bouncing and squirming as she hurriedly searched her purse for her keys. Her bladder bulged like a bowling ball, causing her to bend over from the pain and weight. She began to leak a lot more down her legs now, signaling that she was going to burst in mere seconds if she did not find the key soon. Finally, she found her keys, opened the door, and painfully made her way to the bathroom.

Once in the bathroom, she pulled down her panties and released all the pee and pressure that had consumed her all day, while groaning in relief. As she finished, she pulled up her panties and cleaned herself up, fully aware that she was going to have to endure this again tomorrow. Thankfully not as bad as today went, since she had the day off from work tomorrow, but it still unsettled her and made her worried…

*010*2023-07-14 12:05

{{9 hours ago, OrionsBelt said:

Very nice! Definitely a good start.

I had an interesting thought of a female streamer like on Twitch, where her audience would not let her use the bathroom and she has to comply. She gradually gets more and more desperate as she begins begging them to let her go.

Let me know what you think!

}}

Yea, I can work with that. Does she have a name by any chance or do you want me to make one up?

*012*2023-07-17 17:43

{{14 hours ago, OrionsBelt said:

You can just make something up if that works. I think it'd be fun to make her a bit of a short stack, as well!

}}

Sounds good

*013*2023-07-21 04:24

{{On 7/13/2023 at 10:25 PM, OrionsBelt said:

Very nice! Definitely a good start.

I had an interesting thought of a female streamer like on Twitch, where her audience would not let her use the bathroom and she has to comply. She gradually gets more and more desperate as she begins begging them to let her go.

Let me know what you think!

}}

Sorry it took so long, I have been bombarded with work hours and what not. Anyway, I hope you enjoy despite the wait.

Jane White’s story:

As a Twitch streamer, Jane exudes an air of excitement and energy. She effortlessly engages with her audience, making them feel like they are a part of her gaming journey. Her stream gains rapid popularity, with her viewership quickly skyrocketing from a mere one person to a few hundred, and soon, a few thousand within minutes. Her loyal subscribers eagerly join the stream to witness Jane's gaming prowess. For her streams, Jane dresses up in her casual attire when streaming: her red bra and panties along with an unbuttoned crop top.

During one of her live streams, Jane encounters an unusual challenge. While trying to start up Call of Duty on her console, she faces a frustratingly slow loading time. Undeterred, she maintains her friendly demeanor, greeting her viewers and informing them about the ongoing delay. With her trademark enthusiasm, she eventually manages to get the game going and dives straight into streaming intense team death matches.

As the rounds progress, Jane's gaming skills shine through, propelling her to the top 5 players in each death match. However, things take an unexpected turn when her viewers notice her discomfort. Jane begins to cross her legs and squirm in her seat, revealing her urgent need to use the bathroom.

After completing a match, Jane stands up a little and says, “Hold on a sec guys, I need to go and pee really quick.” However, instead of giving her the opportunity to leave, the live chat bombards her with requests to hold it in. Despite her hesitation, she knows that her subscribers hold significant influence over her stream since a majority are male viewers.

Feeling nervous, Jane reluctantly accepts their demand, deciding to hold in her desperate need to urinate. “Alright guys,” she says, “I’ll keep playing instead.” Resuming her position in the gaming chair, she tightens her crossed legs and continues playing, attempting to distract herself from the growing pressure in her bladder.

As the stream extends into hours, Jane's struggle becomes increasingly apparent. She becomes visibly uncomfortable, frequently shifting in her seat and occasionally releasing her grip on the controller to place a free hand on her crotch, attempting to suppress her urgent need. Beads of sweat form on her forehead as her bladder reaches its capacity. During a rare pause before the next match, she places her hand on her distended lower abdomen, feeling a noticeable bulge caused by her full bladder. Her breathing becomes tense as she grapples with the discomfort.

Despite her physical limitations, Jane perseveres, determined to meet the demands of her viewers. However, after another hour of unbearable agony, she realizes that her need to urinate has become too overwhelming to continue playing. She turns off her console and gently sets the controller aside, feeling defeated by her body's demands. Jane looks at the camera and says with a pleading voice “Oh my god, please let me pee. This is extremely painful.” Unfortunately for Jane, the chat refuses, prolonging her torment.

Feeling utterly desperate, Jane can no longer sit in her gaming chair. She stands up, leaning forward and gripping the backrest as her full bladder weighs heavily upon her. Her legs remain tightly crossed, and she moans and whimpers in unison with the pain. With each passing minute, her bladder swells further, pushing her past her breaking point.

Finally, after what feels like an eternity, the chat reaches its threshold of satisfaction. They give Jane the thumbs up, granting her permission to finally urinate. Overwhelmed with gratitude, she vehemently thanks her viewers. “Thankyouthankyouthankyou!” She exclaims, and then dashes towards the bathroom, desperate for relief. The sound of her moans of relief echoes throughout the bathroom, a testament to the immense pressure Jane had been enduring.

Returning to her stream, Jane expresses her gratitude once again. “Thank you for finally letting me go guys. It felt like you were going to make me explode for a second. Well after that little event, I’m going to end the stream here. Catch you guys later!” After saying that, Jane turns off the stream.

*016*2023-09-07 12:19

{{14 hours ago, Omo luna said:

Is this still going?

}}

Oh crap, I forgot this existed. Yea it is I guess

*018*2023-09-07 23:39

{{9 hours ago, Omo luna said:

Could any oc be a furry?

}}

I don’t mean to be rude in any way, shape or form, but no. I did establish in the thing that it is humans. Sorry man

