The Azur Omorashi Association: Founding (Azur Lane)

Author: Aquamin

*000*2019-12-07 20:44

Brooklyn left and Cleveland right

Drip, Drip, Drip. Brooklyn slowly leaked as she walked down a dark path on the way back to her house. She was flanked on either side by shrub and bush, which reached up to her knee height. She slowed down to crawl and then abruptly stopped. She felt a quarter-sized wet spot appear in her underwear as her first major leak came. "Come on Brooklyn, just another minute and it will be over" she whispered to herself, thinking of the small pre-fab that made up her private quarters which lay just up the path. She began to walk but suddenly stopped. Her Bladder was overfull, and she knew it.

"Pull yourself together girl," she said, "You're almost there". Focusing herself only on the thought of getting home, she took one step and something inside her snapped. The drips became more intense, she crushed her thighs together. The drips turned into another spurt, her black panties held it back and hid the evidence. The spurt became a slight stream, she crammed both her hands into her crotch. "Not now, I'm so close," she said weakly. Brooklyn shuffled her feet forward. The stream broke through her dam. Brooklyn's breathing became heavy and erratic as she felt the warmth spread across thighs and vagina, she heard the splattering on the ground as her pee seeped through her panties and over her gloves. Her cheeks became as hot as her piss and she closed her eyes to hide. She removed her hands from her crotch and let them flop by her side. After a while, her stream tapered off, and she was able to stop herself from peeing anymore.

Brooklyn ran as fast as her legs could carry her to her quarters, she could feel her damp stocking stick to her legs, but her panties had fallen a little and did not touch her privates. She slammed it shut behind her, panting hard, before slumping down against the door. The floor beneath her became damp as she rested there for a moment. She picked herself up and inspected herself, glancing down to her shoes, she saw that her stream had soaked a large portion of her stockings. She wiggled her feet and felt the small puddle of pee inside them, her toes splashed in the pee as it had shifted towards the front of her shoes during her mad dash. "That felt good," she said to herself. "I bet it did Brook, looked relieving". Brooklyn's eyes widened and she died internally, she had completely forgotten about her roommate and girlfriend, Cleveland.

"OH SHIT," she thought out loud.

Too be continued

I'm sorry for not posting yesterday. I originally wanted this story to be longer, but I decided to split this into 2 chapters to be easier on my attention span. That will be coming soon. thanks for reading.

*002*2019-12-08 21:06

Chapter 2

Thoughts are in italics

Brooklyn was renowned for being the best secretary one could ask for. She would work tirelessly for hours and hours, looking over documents, writing letters, and making schedules. When she got her mind set on a task her focus was unbreakable until it was done, or she had to do something else without delay. Many put this down to simple dedication or strict discipline, which was true, she had another secret technique. It was most unorthodox, some might call it strange, and Brooklyn knew this and that's why it was a secret. While sitting at her desk, no one could see her crossed legs and shaking feet, or the empty water bottles tossed under it. All they could see was confidence and friendliness radiating from the tanned shipgirl. She feared if they knew the truth about what made her excel so much at her work, that they would call her weird or walk away. Brooklyn never told a soul because of her secret to success. The method she kept so hush-hush, was a desperate need to pee.

It helped her concentrate on the here and now and kept her mind from wondering. Instead of thinking of using a public restroom she forced herself to wait until her work was done, stopping herself from wasting time that could be spent making battle plans or fleet compositions. Despite the desperation, she was always in control. She had never even so much as dripped onto the leather swivel chair where she spent most of her days. Sometimes she had burst into her bathroom on the very end of her limit, ripping her panties down and letting out a cascade into the toilet bowl. Today, however, she had pushed herself too far. Commander Thorson, the shikikan of Azur Lane, had asked her to stay longer to finish up reports on Siren activity in the south Pacific. This won't take long, she thought, this is vital to our efforts, and this will be a good opportunity to test me, I'm in control here, and that is how it shall stay. Oh, how wrong she was.

The many Oxy-colas she had consumed during her shift and the lack of a bathroom break before she left her quarters, made her need to piss beyond description. She sweated in her seat and rubbed her thighs constantly as she scribbled down notes and annotated maps. The throbbing need in her pelvis growing by the minute. 90 minutes after she thought she would be on the porcelain throne, she handed in the fruits of her labour before beginning the agonising journey back. That had, of course, not gone as she assumed and now she stood there in pee soaked clothes.

Brooklyn, who was one of the commanders closest companions and a formidable fighter had wet herself in public like a child. She felt deathly ashamed of herself at first, knowing that this could have been avoided if she had just asked for a moment to use the public restroom close by, but she chose to keep on going and now look what happened. But strangely, it began to feel good. She felt the warmth in her clothes and down her legs, the rush of hormones, the feeling of pee rushing hard through her urethra and out of her panties, and the euphoric relief as her bladder drained.

For a moment she contemplated what all this meant as she sat slumped against the front door before she inspected the "damage" she had sustained to her clothes. For just a fraction of time, she thought it was so good it might be worth repeating in private. Then all the good feelings and questions about what this experience meant were shattered, torn apart and thrown away by the only sound she dreaded of hearing. The voice of another person. But this was not just anyone; it was Cleveland, the person she loved and loved her back. The light in her life and a source of pure joy, and she just announced in front of her that she had enjoyed her wetting, as if walking in with sodden clothes was not bad enough.

The "Girl in stars and stripes" had emerged from the hall that led to the kitchen and now looked at Brooklyn. Arms folded and a smirk on her face she spoke again, "Oh shit?", Cleveland said, "don't you mean oh piss hahaha". Brooklyn was bright red and pale as a sheet simultaneously "Cleve i-i-i can explain this" Brooklyn started to shake as she tried frantically to think of what to say, "I-i erm I oh".

"Cat got your tongue Brook?. Or is your mind as soggy as your socks" Cleveland giggled as she teased her girlfriend. Brooklyn felt tears stream down her face, and she collapsed to her knees. She buried her face in her hands as she sobbed, "Cleveland I'm so sorry, please don't call me a freak. I misjudged everything, and this is what happened. I did not plan to do this believe me please". She felt slimy and dirty as she went on all fours, her tears dampening the carpet, "Please don't tell anyone ill do anything".

Unbeknownst to her, Cleveland was in a fit of panic. Her teasing and playful behaviour had not gone as she hoped. She thought it would lighten the mood before they talked. After all, she had a lot of explaining to do herself, a lot more than Brooklyn.

(Flashback 2 months)

Cleveland clambered into the bathtub, exhausted after running at full speed from the classes she had been in. Her bladder throbbed inside her, her panties already damp from numerous leaks. Her shirt protruded outwards due to her large bladder bulge. Lying on her back, she wasted no time throwing off everything above her skirt save for her bra. A violent stream burst out of her panties within seconds, she moaned uncontrollably and started to finger herself. Urine soaked into her star-spangled knee highs and up her butt, snaking its way up her back.

"FUCK, FUCK, FUCK, SO GOOD" she screamed as she felt an orgasm building. Her pee-soaked fingers brought her to the peak of ecstasy when suddenly, the front door opened. A chill went down her spine, she clenched hard to stop the flow and cover her mouth with her wet hands. The sound of frantic movement could be heard coming closer to the door, Cleveland quickly closed the bath curtain. Whoever it was outside was close enough to be heard. "Oh hell, I'm gonna burst, too much cola". Cleveland went wide-eyed, that was Brooklyn.

She watched her shadow pass by the bath in the direction of the toilet. Cleveland's bladder began to wear away at her hold, a small trickle ran into her substantial puddle. PLEASE DON'T HEAR THAT PLEASE DON'T, Cleveland thought to herself. Her lower regions were on fire due to holding back both orgasm and a small bottle's worth of piss. She heard Brooklyn's panties come down and her bottom hit the toilet seat. SHIT, SHE'S GONNA PISS. The sound of a waterfall coming out of Brooklyn's pussy hit Cleveland like a sledgehammer.

She let out an almost inaudible moan as she sobbed silently, not from sadness, but from the overpowering sensation of bliss mixed with fear. Brooklyn, sitting oblivious just a few feet away, let out a sigh as she let out the contents of her bladder. The sigh sent Cleveland over the edge, slamming her eyes shut and groaning into her hands, her cum added to the mix of fluids under her. Cum, sweat, tears and pee swirled as her hips bucked and legs shuddered. DON'T HEAR PLEASE, SO FUCKING GOOD, her mind went white.

By some miracle, she had avoided detection by Brooklyn and was able to get herself into a presentable state by the time they next encountered one another for dinner. But sitting at the table, watching Brooklyn tuck into pasta and meatballs, she could only think of what she heard. No one she had ever known had peed as much as Brooklyn did. She was there peeing at various speeds for 4 minutes, no one had ever done it that long, not even herself while holding. She knew Brooklyn had a long day at work with the commander, but she could take breaks when she wanted, so that was not the answer.

Brooklyn's shift ended only a few minutes before Cleveland arrived home so there was no way she could have done anything to make herself that desperate. The only reason she could think of was that Brooklyn, her confident and upstanding girlfriend, had held in an ocean all-day on purpose. The thought made her dizzy. Was it possible she was into what the sakura called "Omorashi" like herself?. Cleveland contemplated what to do. Being a light crusier; she was a master at observation and recon. So she decided that is what she would do, observe, evaluate, and act accordingly.

Over the next two months, she studied in detail what Brooklyn's toilet habits were like. She listened to how strong her stream was, how frantic she looked before dashing into the bathroom, how many times she went to the bathroom, among other things. She checked the files on Brooklyn, every shipgirl had their estimated bladder capacity on their file. Brooklyn's was put down at 1987ml. Way too low for what I heard, she thought, her own estimate put Brooklyn at around 4987ml. To a human that would sound preposterous, but for a shipgirl, this was possible. After two months, Cleveland knew that Brooklyn was doing this on purpose. Nobody comes home after a shift where a bathroom is freely available and release half the Pacific out of their bladder unless they wanted to. The only problem was how to approach Brooklyn about this. Her answer came today while walking home.

(Flash forward to today 10 minutes earlier)

Drip, Drip, Drip. Cleveland slowly leaked as she walked down a dark path on the way back to her house. Her bladder muscles quivered with every step she took, yellow droplets spilling out onto the white brick below. Her eyes watered as she came to a stop. I'm not gonna make it, fuck you langley for stretching out that class on torpedo evasion. She glanced around, looking for anyone that might see her before hobbling into the knee-high bushes. I cannot believe what I'm doing dammit.

She squatted down and removed her white panties. Her stream splattered against the dry mud, she bit her finger looking around anxiously. She was about to relax when suddenly she noticed a figure walking down the path. With colossal difficulty, she stopped her stream and started to crouch walk off in the direction of her and Brooklyn's home. Curiosity struck her, and she looked back over at the path, trying to identify the figure. Her eyes struggled against the dark to pick out who it was. Positive identification of the figure caused her to lose control at the same time as the mysterious figure.

Cleveland thundered through the forest and out onto the path further along. BROOKLYN THAT WAS BROOKLYN, her mind screamed at her. She completely ignored the fact that her panties were now being soaked by her barely held back flood, a constant stream ran down her right leg. Her numb fingers fumbled with keys, a blast of warm air hit her, bright light, and then the door was shut. Her heart pounded. Every breath was heavy and ragged. She slumped onto her butt and let loose her the rest of her pee. She held her head in her hands as she tried and failed to comprehend what had happened. Her stream stopped, and she did not notice nor care. She slapped herself hard. This is your chance, you horny bitch pull yourself together and think of what to say. Weakly, she rose to her feet and stumbled into the kitchen. Removing an Oxy-cola from the fridge, she started to sip it and calm herself down.

What she had thought of too say had upset Brooklyn, or at least she thought it made her upset. As her own tears began to fall on the ground, she thought of some song lyrics that represented what she thought of the situation. "But on this battlefield, no one wins".

Too be continued

Disregard what i said last time, this is gonna be three chapter or more idk. Thanks for reading

*003*2019-12-08 22:56

My heart kept bugging me because i left this on a downer so here is a happy mini chapter that leads on to the next.

MINI CHAPTER BECAUSE I UPSET MYSELF

Their tears fell like early morning rain. Brooklyn on her hands and knees, ashamed that her girlfriend Cleveland had found her like this, wet with her pee. Cleveland on her part, believing that she had insulted her lover and caused her great emotional pain. She rushed to Brooklyn, calling her by her loving nickname. "Brook, I'm so sorry, forgive me, I didn't mean to hurt you!!". Brooklyn was sobbing too much to respond. Cleveland picked her up off her hands and brought her into a tight hug. For a while both let out their emotions, the only sound beside their sobs being Cleveland endlessly repeating "I'm sorry". By the end of it, their upper uniforms were as soaked as their lower.

Brooklyn was first to speak, "P-please d-don't go Cleve, I c-can explain everything", she managed to stammer out between sniffles. "Brook I'm never going to leave you, I promise" Cleveland responded. "Y-y-you promise?" Brooklyn looked Cleveland in the eyes. "I promise Brook", Cleveland seized her girlfriend's lips in a passionate kiss.

*005*2019-12-09 22:16

Commander Thorson is a reference to Sabaton Babylon's fantastic series "Chronicles of the siren war". Just saying because i don't want to be accused of plagiarism, it is just a nod to one of my favourite stories.

Chapter 3

Brooklyn sat on her bed, sipping Peppermint Tea. The warm beverage soothed her nerves as she waited for Cleveland to return. The two had a long talk after they had calmed down about what had happened. Both were now able to express themselves without any misunderstanding. Cleveland strolled in, Oxy-cola in hand, and came to rest alongside her. The pair had removed their wet stockings and panties, but their skirts remained on. Cleveland cracked open the Oxy-cola with a loud hiss and took a long swig. "So Cleve you enjoy wetting just for the thrill?". Cleveland finished drinking and placed the half-empty bottle on the floor, "Yeah I love it, it feels so good to hold back an ocean all-day as if it were nothing before letting out a storm in my clothes."

Brooklyn blushed and took another sip. "You are very explicit about this now." Cleveland nodded as she downed the rest of the cola, "Now that I know your fine with it I can finally let out all the pent up thoughts I had, and it feels as good as even my largest wetting." Brooklyn only blushed harder "I'm glad you enjoy it, but I'm still on the fence about the whole wetting thing myself."

"It felt good, but dirty at the same time, I'm not sure if I want to do it as much as you do Cleveland." Cleveland wrapped an arm around the blushing belle. "Hey, don't worry about it, you like the desperation aspect, I like both, don't force yourself to do what you are not comfortable with." Brooklyn smiled and returned the hug. "Thank you Cleveland" she whispered, "It interests me, but I am nervous about doing it what if someone saw me?."

Cleveland kissed her on the neck, earning herself a soft moan from Brooklyn. " Don't worry babe, we can do it here at home or some spots I know" she rubbed her hand up and down Brooklyn's leg. "Trust me, Brook, we can make this work." Brooklyn felt like she was about to fall asleep in her lover's arms, but quickly she recovered and removed Cleveland's hand. "I'm gonna finish my drink then shower.", she said. Cleveland grinned and grabbed her cola, "Good idea, I think, I will do the same, together." Brooklyn almost spat out her tea. "Together?". Cleveland started laughing her ass off, "It'll save water and besides" she ran her finger under Brooklyn's chin and began talking in a seductive tone, "don't you want some TLC?". Brooklyn became incredibly flustered but admitted that she did.

Cleveland stripped down to her skirt, her clothes in a messy pile on the bathroom floor, before imploring Brooklyn to do the same. "Cummon Brook, show me that sexy body of yours"Brooklyn sighed and pulled off her uniform top, leaving her only in a black bra. Both girls blushed as they looked at each other's almost bare bodies. "I envy you, Brook," Cleveland said with a coy smile. "Why is that Cleveland?". Cleveland snickered quietly, "Because you got big boobs I pulled the short straw" she gestured to her A-cups. Brooklyn cleared her throat nervously, accepting the compliment but also wanting to make her lover feel better. "Cleveland, you are very cute and sexy as well, boobs are not everything. Your athletic and toned and your boobs are still very nice regardless of sized." Cleveland's cheeks burned "Errr t-t-thank you v-very much".

Brooklyn started rubbing her thighs together. "Hey Cleveland, when I was wetting myself, did not let out everything". Cleveland's interest was peaked "How much do you need to piss?" she asked. "Not very bad, I peed most of what I was holding, but it's enough to let myself pee if I wanted." Cleveland placed her hands on Brooks's shoulders "Do you want to do this?". Brooklyn nodded "You told me that everything will be okay and I believe you". Cleveland glowed internally at Brooklyn's words, "So, where do you wanna let it loose?." Brooklyn pondered for a second, "I'll just do it in the bath before we turn the shower on".

Brooklyn unhitched her bra and cast it away, she glanced playfully at Cleveland "Aren't you going to get nude babe?" she said, trying to be cool. Cleveland pulled her skirt down and exposed herself to Brooklyn. Cleveland was completely shaven while Brooklyn kept herself neatly trimmed, fitting to match her organised life. Both shipgirls drunk up each other's form with their eyes before entering the bathtub. Cleveland drew the curtain and turned to face Brooklyn, she had her arms folded behind her back, her gaze at the bathmat with rosy cheeks.

"You look indescribably stunning Brook". Brooklyn giggled softly at Cleveland's remark "Ready Cleveland?". Cleveland abruptly brought her into a firm embrace "Just let it go you desperate bookworm". She interlocked their legs, ensuring Brooklyn could not pull away. Brooklyn struggled in her grip "Cleveland I will pee on you, let me go!!" she said with alarm. Cleveland gave her a loving smile and started to press on Brooklyn's bladder. "I know, let it out".

A weak stream made its way out from between Brooklyn's lower lips. It fell down like a small waterfall onto Cleveland's legs and ran down Brooklyn's thighs. She trembled slightly in Cleveland's grip and bit on her knuckles, "It's fine, I want this" her love whispered reassuringly. She closed her eyes and sighed. Cleveland manoeuvred a hand under Brooklyn's pee stream and moved it up towards her vagina. The tanned girl in her arms squealed as she felt a cool hand cup her sweltering loins. "C-C-Cleve, please s-stop teasing". The "Girl in stars and stripes" dragged two fingers over Brooklyn's lower lips before pushing them deep inside her.

QUE SHOWER SEX INTERMISSION

Brooklyn adjusted her reading spectacles before turning the page. She studied its contents carefully before turning it again. She rose her head at the sound of rapid movement, Cleveland came barrelling into the room. She dived under the covers of their shared bed and snuggled up to her. Brooklyn removed her spectacles and put down her book. "US NAVY FLEET COMPOSITION 1928-32, you nerd" teased Cleveland hitting her playfully on the arm. Brooklyn rolled her eyes "It's interesting, I think you would like it Cleve".

"Eh maybe I don't know, anyway, I wanted to ask you something".

"What is it Cleveland?" Brooklyn lay back on her pillow. "I had an idea that there would be a place where Shipgirls who like pee can express and indulge themselves without anxiety or fear of being shunned. Where we could pee, wet, piss, whatever you want to call it even fuck each other maybe. I wanted a place where Omorashi as the sakura call it, was the name of the game."

Brooklyn processed what she had said, "And I guess that you want my help to do this?". Cleveland held her hand "Yeah I need your help, I need some supplies and an unused building, plus Commander Thorson needs to know that some sort of activity is now being done in that building. Due to the San Francisco declaration, he cannot stop us from doing what we want in our private time, but he needs to be informed as to what the building is used for. "Well Cleveland, ill see what I can do" replied Brooklyn "also it's section 3, paragraph 2, line 8 you are thinking of". Cleveland snickered "Thanks, you nerd".

TOO BE CONTINUED

Chapter 4 is probs gonna be the last of this story, but fear not, this is only the beginning.

*007*2019-12-10 21:59

CHAPTER 4

It was 14 days since the "incident" as Brooklyn described it, and she had been hard at work. Alongside her typical duties as secretary for the commander, she had been striving to make Cleveland's dream of an "Omorashi paradise" a reality. It was no simple matter, you could not just have a chat with the commander, several letters and documents had to be sent and signed. Such things were also put on the back-burner, there was a war on, so it was a miracle it took only 2 weeks.

The commander did not ask what omorashi was, he didn't know and didn't care, and gave the go-ahead. The "Azur Lane Omorashi And Other Urine Based Sexual Activites Association" was born.

Cleveland looked at the piece of paper as if it was written in Gibberish "That is so fuckin wordy it's ridiculous. It's a piss and sex club, not a god damn resort for billionaires." Brooklyn rolled her eyes at her girlfriend's uncouthness "it's the official title for the records, you can use something different but within reason." She then returned to filling out a requestion form for measuring jugs. Cleveland opened Brooklyn's office mini-fridge and started on her second bottle of water since joining her."Just knock off everything between Omorashi and association, makes it not sound like it was written by a Harvard professor. The ALOA has a nice ring to it, certainly better than ALOAOUBSAA."

Brooklyn neatly arranged her papers and put them in a tray to be shipped off later, "Well I have some more good news for you Cleve, I got a private building for us to use." She handed Cleveland a description of the building and a picture. It was a single-story white brick building with brownish-orange tiles on the roof. "Looks nice." Cleveland remarked, "But where is it?". Brooklyn shut the fridge door that Cleveland had left ajar and checked her watch. "I've finished my shift as of 2 minutes, so let's take a walk, and I will show you." Cleveland downed the rest of her water before following her. She was brimming with excitement just as her bladder brimmed with something else.

The two marched out of the central area of the base, a bustling hub of activity, and toward the outskirts. They passed offices, sheds and warehouses on the way, Cleveland whistling "The star-spangled banner" while Brooklyn stayed silent. They went down paths that were paved but scarcely used, trees stretched high and untrimmed on either side, birdsong filled the air. They had arrived at the bases outer limits and now stood before the building in question. Cleveland scrutinised it "It's a bit remote, but it will do." Brooklyn fished a pair of keys out of her pockets, handing one to Cleveland. "I picked it: A because it was free, B because it was maintained up until recent, C because it is private, and D you can do whatever you want in the woods around it."

The wooden main door swung open, daylight flooded into the spacious main hall. The pair stepped in and surveyed the scene. The large room looked like a dance studio with its wooden floor and white walls. On the far end was a large sliding door that led out back into a small grass-covered yard, the fence marking still there. On the left directly at the entrance was a utility room marked with an electrical hazard sign. On the right directly across was an empty storage room. Furthur up each wall was another door.

"This was to be an additional support building for planned barracks if sailors came here in large numbers" Brooklyn announced as she read the sheet she had brought with her. "Due to the decision to make this island only for Azur Lane and authorised person, this building became surplus to requirements."

"That was, however, recent enough not to let this place fall into disrepair. Some paint here and there should be enough to make this place shine." Cleveland giggled with glee. "Brooklyn I cannot thank you enough, come here." She seized Brooklyn into a hug before walking around the room.

Brooklyn carefully followed the instructions she had been given, flicking switches and pressing buttons in the utility room, before pulling the master power lever. With a whir and soft hmmm, the lights of the building came on. Cleveland nodded her head as she surveyed the now lit room "It'll need a dust" she stepped in the dirt "and a mop." Brooklyn had unlocked the back door and peeked her head out, "add a bit of gardening to that list."

Gathering at the right-hand door, Cleveland opened gently. The room turned out to be a long stretch of showers, no door to each cubicle and only a head height wall between where each person would be. At the end of the hall lay a single toilet stall, it stared down the row of showers directly at the door. "Well, at least it's there if we need it," remarked Cleveland. Brooklyn looked a bit puzzled "Only one toilet, weird."

"Brook I'm sure most of them would just let it rip in the shower, come on let's check out the other door."

The left side door opened to a carpeted hallway with one door at the end and on the right close to them. The closet door revealed a small kitchen, fridge and cooker still hooked up and ready to go. Brooklyn looked at her information sheet "The main hall we entered into was a mess hall, soldiers could eat there then shower." Cleveland grinned "However designed this place has my thanks" she twisted the tap handle, and cool water poured out. Brooklyn shuddered "Oooohhh, I still have to pee after work" she held herself and started to shift around. "Great!!" declared Cleveland "I do as well, and I have an idea. But before that, let's check the last room."

The last room was bare. The blue carpet was the only indicator anyone had ever set foot in here. "Well, we got a room for random bullshitery, great, let's head back into the hall." Brooklyn was practically dragged into the hall by Cleveland who was bouncing off the walls.

"When ships are launched, a bottle of something is smashed against them to celebrate, correct Brooklyn?" Brooklyn was perplexed "errrrrm, yes, why is that relevant?" Cleveland pulled off her panties. "C-cleveland wh-what are you doing?" Brooklyn turned her head in embarrassment. "Well we are shipgirls, so there is the link to ships, this is a celebration to mark the founding of the Azur Lane Omorashi Association, and we have no bottle. So I decided why not pee on the floor instead. It fits with Omorashi and its liquid." Brooklyn sighed "I see what you mean, but would it not be better just to get something from our room?" Cleveland shook her head "No no no that misses the point, this place will be packed with pee filled endeavours, so let the first liquid on its floor be pee. Besides, wine or champagne is used all the time, it's boring".

Brooklyn reluctantly removed her panties "If it makes you happy, then let's do it." Both spread their legs wide, hands-on their hips and taking a deep breath. Brooklyn started peeing first, her urine coming out in a sprinkler like flow pattering on the ground like heavy rain. She manoeuvred her hips, to stop the spray from hitting her shoes and; it landed on some leaves brought in by the breeze. Cleveland, on the other hand, forced out her bladder's contents in a powerful stream that splattered off the wooden floor, spots landing on her stockings not that she cared. Her stream's force caused dirt underneath her to be washed away, her puddle snaking around her shoes and towards the still-open front door.

"NOW THIS IS FREEDOM!!" she shouted, she started to walkabout letting her stream leave a trail in the dust behind her. Brooklyn rubbed her cheeks "This is slightly disgusting if I'm honest" she looked down to see yellow liquid gather under her. "The whole point of this place to piss wherever and however you want, if you don't like just doing it on the floor I'm sure we will find something to your liking. Besides, this place needed a clean anyway, we are just loosening the dirt." Brooklyn thought about the future as their streams came to a halt.

4 days and many bullins later, the building was ready. Cleveland glanced around the now fresh hall with pride. Her dream was, at last, a reality. Brooklyn came up behind her and interlocked their fingers. "The supplies you wanted should come within a few hours, the bullins say all the showers and other things in here work and that everything is open for business." Cleveland pecked her on the cheek "Thank you". Brooklyn glowed "No problem Cleveland, but there is one problem. Who is going to come here?" Cleveland gave her a head pat "I'll scout out people who I have good reason to believe are into Omorashi while we are still small and when we grow to a certain size, I'll look into putting the word out into the wider world. I just need to figure out how that will happen and when." Brooklyn returned the head pat "Got any idea who will be first?" Cleveland smiled "I do."

"COME ON PUNCH IT HARDER!!". Cleveland knocked the trainer dummy off its supports and across the room. She wiped the sweat from her brow before accepting a water bottle handed to her. "Your getting good Cleveland, keep up the good work." Cleveland weakly gave a thumb up panting hard "Hey do you mind if we speak for a bit?" Tennessee, head of training froze. Her bladder felt like one of her 14-inch shells inside her, its bulge would easily be spotted by one who knew what they were looking for. Her sweat now had dual meaning, she was tired after training, but she was also busting for the loo. Her pride and stubbornness would not let her leave for the toilet like a little girl. She resolved to hold it before responding. "Yeah what do you need?" FINISH

WELL IM STARVED WHO WANTS SOME JAMBALAYA

Thanks to everyone for reading this. This was the first time ive written a story from start to finish and im super happy about it. For anyone wondering about the future of the ALOA (Azur Lane Omorashi Association) fear not for this is only the beginning.

