Water pipeline

Author: Alex62

*000*2019-12-07 05:14

Requested by Mad Bladder

Nick had woke up at 5:00am just like every other morning to get ready for work. He took a shower, brushed his teeth, and brushed his curly black hair, Aaron, his boyfriend always said how nice his hair was.

Nick went back to his room in a towel. He got dressed in tan khaki pants, a purple dress shirt, a black tie, and brown shoes. Aaron was still asleep as Nick got dressed and had to leave. Before he left Nick kissed Aaron on the cheek and grabbed his briefcase.

As he headed out the door he grabbed a bottle of water. On the way to work Nick stopped at McDonald’s to get an Egg McMuffin and a large sweet tea. He got his food and drink and headed to work starting on the tea.

As he pulled into work he finished his food and with a big gulp he also finished off his tea which he had been drinking since he got it. He got out of his car with the McDonald’s bag, his bottle of water, and briefcase. As he was walking in he felt a tingle in his bladder letting him know he needed to pee.

He shrugged off the need knowing he need to get to his desk to get organized for a big company meeting he had. As he got to his desk he sat down and opened his briefcase and bottle of water. His briefcase was full of papers and a sticky note remaining him to finish his presentation to give his CEO at the meeting but it also reminded him of his need. He was a grown man surely he could hold it.

He started on his presentation but his need just for worse and worse. He crossed his legs trying to relive some pressure on his bladder but it didn’t help for long. He uncrossed his legs and squirmed in his chair trying not to hold himself. He really had to pee but he didn't have time to pee he was way to busy.

After a hour he finished his presentation and bottle of water, which didn’t help his need but he had to stay hydrated, and was about to go to the bathroom when he looked at the time to see that his meeting started soon. He let out a sigh and headed to the meeting room. When he got there it was just his CEO. “The meeting is going to start in 5 minutes” he told Nick. Not sure why but glad Nick rushed to the bathroom.

When he got to the bathroom he saw that the two stalls where taken. He hurry's to a urinal and try’s to go but right as he does another man walks in. Since Nick had a shy bladder he couldn’t go but he tried as hard as he could to pee but he couldn’t. Nick pulls you his pants and washes his hands waiting for the one guy to leave.

His boss comes and grabs him for the meeting saying that they were eating on him. They got to the meeting and took there seats. The CEO started talking about a new water pipeline the company had invested in and all this talk about water was not helping Nick’s need to pee at all.

Nick’s CEO was a tall bald man named Mark. He was around 50-60 years old and work a blue dress shirt and tan khakis like Nick. He was also a real asshole.

Nick tried everything he could not to make a scene; he changed positions in his seat, grabbed himself when no one was looking, crossed his legs, even prayed to god he would make it but nothing helped and as Mark kept talking about water and time creeped by he was on the edge of bursting.

All a sudden Nick got hit by a huge wave of desperation. He crossed his legs tightly and grabbed his bladder tightly. Mark noticed this and called Nick out by asking him if he was okay.

Not being able to take it anymore Nick got up and walked out the door holding himself. Once he got out he headed slowly to the bathrooms not wanting to go fast thinking he would lose it if he did. Still holding himself he feels himself leak and leak wetting his hand. He gets to the bathrooms but to his horror the are closed for cleaning.

Nick falls to his knees thinking “N... No... No... they can’t be closed I was so close.” He feels his bladder release a full days worth of pee. His tan khakis become soaked with his own pee as a puddle form on the carpet floor under him. It feel so good but Nick can’t believe what was happing. As he finishes Nick can’t help but to start to cry in his own pee.

Mark comes angrily towards Nick. He yells at him not for peeing everywhere but for making a scene in the meeting and walking out. He ends up firing Nick for it and walking angrily away. Nick just sits there crying for both being fired and his accident.

Nick finally heads home still crying. He gets home to Aaron who was eating for him. As soon as Aaron sees Nick still crying and in wet pants he runs over to him to give him a hug and kiss and asked what happened. Nick told Aaron who replied “Aw I’m so sorry babe accident happen and your boss is a huge asshole for firing you, let’s get you upstairs and cleaned up”.

They both head up stairs to clean Nick up. Once Nick was cleaned up he walked out in to his room to see Aaron shirtless in bed. “Come here and let me cheer you up” Aaron said seeing Nick. Nick didn’t have to be told to head to bed seeing Aaron shirtless. As he got in bed Aaron pulled off Nick’s shirt as well and kissed him. Nick kisses him back and they start to make out.

