A Yellow Swan Lake

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2018-12-05 22:57

For Jimmy Olsen, sorry it took me so long to get to your request!

___

Playing the lead in her ballet school’s annual production of Swan Lake had been Eleanore’s dream since she first enrolled two years prior. Playing the starring role as a third year was an unprecedented honor and at 21, she would be the youngest to ever play the role. It had been a grueling few months of rehearsals but opening night had finally come.

Eleanore stood backstage nervously as she turned to put on her costume. She first pulled on opaque white leggings over her sky blue panties. Next came a white leotard and a tight corset that similarly had a crotch portion that connected the front to back to prevent it from moving as she performed the complicated performance. Finally, she put on her tulle tutu to complete the look. She took a moment to double check her delicate makeup and neatly done bun in the mirror then took a deep breath to head to the stage. She and the other girls tittered excitedly, well, all of them except one.

Rachel was a fourth year student who had also tried out for the lead that year. Her hopes had been dashed the previous year, as that of most third years were, and she had assumed the role would be hers. It was her last year at the school, surely the casting director would take that into account! Alas, she had apparently been incorrect and now she held a cold bitterness in her heart for the third year that had stolen such an opportunity from her. As the curtain rose and she and the other dancers made their way onto the stage for the opening number, the requisite smile was pasted on her face but in her mind she only wished misfortune on Eleanore. Little did she know, her wish would come true.

Eleanore had felt a small stirring in her abdomen right before the performance but had simply chalked it up to nerves, especially when the sensation seemed to disappear the moment she got on stage. She began to rethink her initial assessment however when the feeling returned soon afterwards. Now Eleanore was a smart girl, and she had always had a policy of going to the bathroom the moment she felt the need to. She hadn’t had an accident since before she was potty trained and so she instinctively started to walk from the wings of the stage to further back when she realized something. She didn’t have that long until she was next needed on stage and that many layers of her costume would be difficult to remove. She sighed but resigned herself to holding until the intermission. The urge had only just started to build after all. She had a perfect track record and highly doubted she would break it.

The problem with Eleanore’s logic, however, was that as a side effect of her policy she was unused to having to hold her bladder for very long. The next time she was on stage she began to really feel the weight in her abdomen. Every complicated dance move that she had worked so hard to perfect only served to increase her need but she didn’t let her struggle show. By the time intermission had finally rolled around Eleanore had grown the most uncomfortable she had been in a very long time. She quickly looked around her and, once she had determined the coast was clear, reached down to give her crotch a squeeze. She took several deep breaths and then after she collected herself she began to make her way towards the dressing rooms where the restrooms are.

Eleanore had not been as sneaky as she’d thought. Rachel had seen the small show of desperation and saw her opportunity to mess with the girl who had stolen her opportunity to be in the spotlight. So Rachel raced to get to the locker rooms a different route. She managed to get there a little ahead of Eleanore, and turned to her with a fake apologetic smile plastered onto her face. “Sorry! I’ve been dying to go since before the performance. Seriously. I was sure I would wet myself. Can you imagine? Peeing all over the stage? Man I would die. I thought for sure it would all gush out of me. But I’ll stop rambling now, thanks again,” Rachel told Eleanore, wasting as much time with her speech as possible.

Since she wasn’t actually desperate, she took her time to remove her costume layer by layer. She decided she may as well use the toilet since she knew the door wasn’t very thick and Eleanore would surely hear the stream from outside. So Rachel plopped down onto the toilet seat and released her bladder into the water waiting below. She was somewhat surprised at how much her bladder had actually contained but knew that was for the better since it made for a louder sounder. She began to moan out relief exaggeratedly to make sure the poor girl outside the door could here. When she had finally finished voiding the contents of her bladder, she once again took her sweet time cleaning herself off and getting redressed.

Eleanore was dying outside the bathroom stall. Her eyes remained glued to the clock until she started to hear Rachel’s stream and loud moans of relief from the other side of the door. Her eyes darted back over to the door, round and wide as dinner plates as her own need spiked at the sounds. “That should be me!” she thought, as her traitorous bladder throbbed in agreement. Eventually Rachel emerged, a broad smile on her face. “All yours now!” she said cheerily before looking at the clock and suddenly turning back to Eleanore. “Oh no! It looks like we’re out of time actually! Better head back to the wings, wouldn’t want to miss our cue. You didn’t have to go that badly anyway, right?” Rachel said innocently, before flouncing off before Eleanore could respond. The poor desperate girl moaned in agony the moment she believed Rachel to be out of ear shot, oblivious to the other girl’s evil laughter and intentions.

Eleanore took several moments to compose herself as she returned to the wings to wait. She hid her pain behind a composed mask, not daring to let anyone in on her secret agony. Grueling rehearsal schedules and years of practice had taught the young ballerina to hide pain in the midst of performance, although usually it was her feet in pain not her bladder. She used this skill now as each twirl, midair split, lift, and pirouette made her bladder protest violently. During one particularly high kick she felt the first leak force its way out of her quickly tiring bladder.

The gusset of her blue panties was immediately soaked and it took every ounce of the poor girl’s willpower not to let her mortification show on her face. The next leak came during a large dramatic turn while she was in center stage. She felt several spurts force their way out until she could feel that the liquid had managed to make its way to the fabric of the tights right around her crotch. She survived the grand finale only barely, another spurt making its way out then but she couldn’t even run off then because she had to make her bows. Every moment was agony for the poor girl and when the curtains finally closed she didn’t stick around to talk to the others.

Rachel followed as Eleanore took off running towards the dressing rooms once more. By the time Rachel caught up she was incredibly pleased to find Eleanore, her tutu hastily discarded to the side, frantically pee dancing in place with one hand buried in her crotch and the other trying desperately to undo the knot of the corset behind her. Rachel watched the poor girl struggle for awhile before once again feigning innocence and saying “You look like you’re struggling there. Need help?”

Eleanore’s head jerked around to stare at Rachel, face burning red at having been caught doing something so unbecoming. Rachel’s surprise entrance had triggered yet another leak and Eleanore knew that the leak had managed to wet the gusset of both the leotard and the crotch portion of her corset. By this point she knew she was rapidly losing the battle so she swallowed her pride and accepted Rachel’s offer of help.

Rachel loved every minute as she pretended to struggle to undo the knot Eleanore had made to secure the corset. She would occasionally offer insincere words of reassurance as Eleanore squirmed and twisted her legs together, both hands now firmly planted in her crotch. Eventually Rachel decided she had had her fun and began to actually try and undo the knot. Once she’d done so successfully she unlaced it and was about to tell Eleanore as much when she suddenly heard the girl release a long, embarrassed moan. Rachel could only stare in disbelief at the scene unfolding in front of her.

Eleanore trembled in place gripping her crotch harder for only a moment until she realized it was no use and there was no way she would be able to stop the flow. She switched tracks and instead yanked off the corset, revealing a quickly growing wet patch on her leotard. Before she could even try to remove the leotard she fully lost control and resigned herself to it. She buried her face in her hands as the dam fully burst and she began flooding her panties, tights, and leotard in earnest. The multiple layers caused the golden liquid to pool rather high up before it cascaded down her legs, leaving a very large wet patch around her crotch and up both the front and back of the garment. Wet tracks appeared wide and obvious as they raced down her tights before the liquid finally escaped out onto the floor and formed a large puddle.

Rachel watched on in delighted wonder at the spectacle before her. When Eleanore’s flow finally stopped, Rachel couldn’t help but throw in a jab, snidely saying “I knew you were young to play the part but I didn’t think you were that young.” Eleanor blushed bright red, trying to stammer out an excuse but Rachel waved her off. “Don’t worry your secret is safe with me for now, but if you’re going to dance in the big leagues you may want to get potty trained first,” the older girl scoffed before leaving Eleanore in her mess.

Eleanore could only nod in defeat as she watched Rachel walk away. After a moment standing in there in the puddle of her own urine, practically drenched from the waist down, she eventually snapped out of her embarrassed fog. Eventually with a resigned sigh, she removed the rest of her costume, cleaned up the best she could, and then got to work cleaning up after herself.

