First omorashi experience & it's how I let my girlfriend know I liked her

Author: AmyChristy

*000*2021-12-14 19:10

(Fictional)

So, you’ll never guess how bizarre my experience was telling my girlfriend Emilia my feelings.

So, we’re both girls and she was always talking about how much she liked this guy or that guy or who knows what. Yet, when push came to shove and said guys ever tried to make a move on her, she’d reject them without a blink. She’s beautiful you see, I mean you look at her and think she should go into modelling, and we know how competitive that is. To me she was my best friend, someone I really connected with. She is smart, cunning, beautiful, err… See, I had a crush on her for years at this point but we’d been friends since high school and I never heard her once mention being into girls unless it was in a fake sorta “girl crush celebrity crush” thing.

I didn’t want to risk messing up our friendship since she’s probably not into girls. But, there were moments where I wondered if just maybe she felt the same. The glint in her eye when we’d be talking for hours, the way that she laughed at my jokes that no one else did. This story took place when we were both 19 and freshmen at the same University. And of course, here we were again, talking about-

“BOYS! am I right?” she said throwing her head back in laughter.

“He should just give it up” I laughed.

If you’re curious about how we look I’ll give you a quick description. My name’s Amanda, I’m 5’6, slim build, I have curly long blonde hair and a few small light freckles around my nose. I have light blue eyes and have been told I’m “crazy girly,” So that’s me lol. Amelia is about the same height as me, slim build, has gorgeous long brown hair that she curls the bottom of, light brown eyes, and is girly too but doesn’t wear dresses everyday like I do.

Anyways, back to the story.

Then the bell rang and it was time to go home. Amelia said she would come over to my place to study Chemistry together. She was quite a bit better at it than me so I of course was in. As we were about to leave the school Amelia stopped walking for a second.

“Actually, I’m just gonna run to the bathroom for a sec, all that lemonade went right through me."

It had been a pretty hot day earlier. We did indeed drink quite a lot of water and juice to stay hydrated. Now it was about 5:30p.m. and a nice cool breeze had picked up making the temperature rather perfect. I just stood outside the doors and enjoyed it.

A moment later Amelia returned, “darn, they’re being cleaned right now.”

“You could probably just go in anyways.” I said.

“It’s okay, I’ll wait till we’re at your place.” she said.

Funny enough, Amelia was a bit shy when it came down to it, so it’s not unlike her to not want to disturb someone just doing their job cleaning.

We began our 30 minute walk to my student residence. I lived in a small house I rented with 3 other students. They were all on exchange programs right now so I had the place to myself for a while.

After about 5 minutes of walking I noticed Amelia was sort of gripping the front of her shirt every so often and walking a little strange.

I’ve always fantasized about omorashi practically as long as I can remember. So I couldn’t help myself but wonder and asked.

“You alright?”

“Hmm?” she said.

“You’re just walking a little weirdly, did you hurt your foot or something?”

She laughed a little. “No no, honestly I just really need to pee. I didn’t realize how bad it was. Haven’t had to go this bad in forever.”

“We could go back if you’d like?” I offered (secretly hoping she’d say no).

“It’s fine, we’re already on our way. I can hold it.” she said.

We continued talking about our days at school, we took different courses so our schedules were completely different. I noticed that the more minutes that passed the more erratic her breathing became and she began to stutter just a little every so often. I couldn’t help but feel incredibly hot and aroused. I didn’t know what to do, I just wanted this moment to last longer and kept stealing glances at her trying not to make it obvious that I was pretty much staring.

I notice her inching her hands downwards as if trying to resist holding herself in front of me and people we were walking by. She was trying to act normal, how cute I thought.

About ten minutes from my place she stood still and crossed her legs suddenly and her face went a bit red. I turned and looked at her.

“You okay, Emilia?”

“Sorry, I just needed to cross my legs. Fuck, I need to go pee.” she said.

“We’re almost there” I said. I put my hand on her shoulder and gently stroked her arm. She looked up at me and I smiled at her.

She collected herself and took a deep breath. “Okay, I can make it," she said.

I was going crazy inside. I couldn’t help it, I basically loved this girl and here she was playing out my biggest fantasy. What was I supposed to do? I couldn’t clear my mind of all the things I wanted to do with her right now.

We walked even slower to try and make it easier for her moving her legs less. We got to my front porch after 10 minutes and she stood at the base of the three steps leading up to my front door.

“…just.. give me a sec.” she said. She bent over and took a couple more deep breaths. She stood up as straight as she could and walked very slowly up the steps and stood beside me.

All I wanted was for this to last longer, to pretend I forgot my keys maybe. But I also didn’t want her to be in discomfort longer than needed if she’s suffering or something.

I took out my keys and began fumbling with them to grab the right one. I looked at her and noticed she was holding herself bluntly now and bent over a bit staring at my hands as I put the key into the lock and turned it. She began to dance just a little on the spot and bent her head down as I opened the door. It was so fucking cute, I must have been red as well.

I was about to open the door when she did her best to stand up and looked right into my eyes and said.

“I really don’t know if I can make it inside Amanda,” she looked so sad. I could see tears welling up in her eyes just a little. And she was not one to cry, I mean barely ever have I seen her shed a tear in all these years.

“You can, it’s just a few more steps.” I said.

“I really can’t, if I move I think it’ll start coming out,” she said, her voice a little shaky.

I guess I really just couldn’t hold back after she said that.”

“Want me to help?” I asked. “You could lean on me or something.” (I really was wishing I could help in another way though.)

She looked at me with her big brown eyes and gave me a little nod.

I just stood there for a second. Mesmerized. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. The girl I was helplessly in love with standing in front of me, looking right into my eyes, desperate and unable to hold it in well enough to walk. I seriously couldn’t move either for that moment, it was a bit of a long moment though so she eventually began to look a little puzzled at me while beginning to dance just a little again.

“Amanda?” She asked.

“Sorry- I just uhhh…” I put my hand out slowly on her shoulder again and gently stroked down her arm to her hand. I noticed her face go redder.

She crossed her legs together tightly and took my hand into hers and held it firmly. She looked at me with a pained glance.

And that was all I could take. I walked right up to her and looked into her eyes and began moving in slowly to kiss her. Really slowly to see if she’d pull back or try to stop me. But instead she closed her eyes and moved in and kissed me right then. She gripped my hand even tighter and we began kissing passionately and I put my hand around her back and held gently onto her hair as we kept kissing. I noticed her body moving a bit erratically as we kissed and wondered how she was doing with that situation still. I tried to look down out of the corner of my eye and noticed her legs shaking a little and her free hand holding herself tightly digging her fingers right in to her jeans to hold on.

I pulled back for a moment and without saying anything I opened the door and helped her step inside and closed the door behind us. I turned around to see her still standing right by me, unable to move from holding herself and crossing her legs. Even so, she was still staring at me smiling a little and took one hand to pull me back to her.

I placed my hands on her shoulders and turned her slightly so her back was facing the wall. Then I led her backwards and pressed her against it. I looked at her and began kissing her again suddenly and moved my right hand off her shoulder and moved it slowly down her side and over her butt and rested it there for a moment. God her body is hot. I felt back up and squeezed her boob. She let out a slight moan. My hand wondered right to her crotch where her other hand was holding firmly. I began to try and put my hand under hers and heard her whimper a little with concern. I looked at her and once my hand was under hers I held her as firmly as she had been. She breathed out in relief and I saw her relax just a little with my help.

This was all so surreal, I could not believe it was happening.

I began rubbing my hand slowly up and down and she began moaning so softly into my ear. I used my other hand to unbutton her jeans and zip them down. She moaned out louder as my finger unzipping the zipper went over and pressed her bladder softly.

I looked at her. “Can I take these off?”

She nodded and I could tell she was bracing herself and I took my hand away from holding her crotch. I then quickly pulled her jeans down over her hips and slid them down to her ankles where she slowly and carefully stepped out of them.

I quickly opened the sofa bed just a few feet away and led her slowly over to it. She held onto herself the whole time and sat down on the sofa. I got on top of it beside her and gently laid her backwards and she shifted up so she was completely on it lying down now. Still holding herself and whimpering just a little. I could tell she was in a lot of discomfort.

I laid beside her and put one arm under her head, holding her to me slightly. I then stroked down her body with my other hand and lightly over her bladder. She winced. I tried to move her hand away from her crotch but she wouldn’t let go.

“I’m going to wet myself if I do that…” she said worriedly.

I began to kiss her again and as I did slowly maneuvered my hand under her holding her firmly again at first but as we continued kissing I very slowly reduced my firm hold and began stroking her over her panties. For a moment she seemed to give in and started kissing me harder and moaning louder. Then she suddenly squeezed her legs together tightly and I felt the smallest damp spot on her panties. She pulled back.

“I’m sorry, I can’t hold it if you do that.”

“It’s okay, just relax.” I said, seeing the pained expression on her face. I doubt it was easy for her to stop herself there, it probably hurt a little.

I kissed her again and gently tried spreading her legs. She wasn’t moving them at first and I started to just press on her clit and stroke her with her legs closed. She was shaking just a little and moaning as she put her hand around my back and dug her nails in a little.

I then put my hand under her panties gently, avoiding her bladder, and tried to move my fingers down.

She moaned louder and opened her legs finally to allow my hand to touch directly on her clit. I began rubbing it and she gasped. She clenched her legs together.

I whispered “It’s okay, relax Amelia.” as I used my arm to press on her bladder a little.

She dug her nails harder into my back.

“-but…”

I pressed harder on her bladder and pushed at her legs with my hand. She opened them and I immediately started stroking her clit fast and with more pressure.

I felt her body tense fiercely under me as she moaned out. I cut her moan short as I kissed her hard and I felt her body relax under me as she released her nails from my back. I felt it right away, she started peeing right on my hand as I continued stroking her. She pulled away from my kiss and started moaning so loudly and smiling with relief. I kept rubbing her clit as I felt her stream strong against my fingers and not seeming to ever end. When she finally stopped peeing, she continued moaning and I kept up my pace. She held onto the bed with both her hands and dug in her fingers.

“I’m cumming!” she said. I saw her stomach clench and relax as she moaned out so loud I thought the neighbours might hear. I just stared at her as she orgasmed, I couldn’t help it.

I stop and leaned in, kissing her once more. We lay there in silence for a moment.

“What just happened?” she finally said, smiling and laughing a little.

“Well, I’d been meaning to tell you…” I said, laughing myself.

“I kinda guessed. I feel the same way about you, I just suck at saying anything,” she smiled.

And that’s how we found out we liked each other. We’ve had many more amazing experiences together since and we’re still together. Funny enough, she later told me she had never had a pee fetish before but that day had changed everything for her.

*note: I didn't really proof read this so hopefully the grammar is okay. If you have any story requests let me know! Any feedback is appreciated, lmk what you think of this story ^.^

*002*2021-12-16 01:15

It's a fictional story is this section alright for it? It's my first time posting a story

