Model Desperate During a Photoshoot

Author: Ariose Toast

*000*2019-11-16 03:43

"I'll be done in just a few more minutes," I said, pulling various pieces of camera equipment from the back of my car.

"It was already a long-ass drive to get here," Lauren teased me, "And now you're making me wait even more?" She rolled her eyes playfully. Lauren was always a fun model to work with. Really pretty, good sense of humor, and well, maybe I'm crazy, but it felt like there was ... something between us.

Now, I know most guys would kill to make money off taking photos of attractive girls, but it's not as glamorous as you'd think. A lot of the models keep it very professional, and I'm sure they get more than their fair share of unsolicited attention from guys, so I'm not about to go and potentially piss off one of my clients. Plus, you end up spending more time promoting your pictures than actually taking them anyways. So it's not all as fun as it seems.

That being said, Lauren was definitely the exception. I watched her out of the corner of my eye, drinking that huge coffee she had been sipping the entire way here. It was definitely a bit of a drive to get out here, but there was this weird abandoned structure out here that would make for a really good photoshoot.

She was tapping her foot impatiently when I finally was ready.

She spoke up at almost the same time as I did. "Hey I'll be right b-"

"Okay, finally ready over here. Oh, sorry, did you need something?"

She hesitated. "Uh ... no, I'm good. Let's go," she decided, giving me another quick smile. I shrugged as she tossed her now empty cup in the car and we made our way into a forested area.

The photoshoot started off well, and we seemed to be enjoying each others' company. Though she seemed to be a little fidgety for some of the poses. Almost like she had to pee or something. My mind went back to the huge coffee she had on the way here. But I figured I was just seeing what I wanted to see, and forgot about it.

But a little while later she confirmed my suspicions.

"Hey, could we take a quick break? Just for a second?" she asked, shifting around.

"You alright?"

"Its fine, I just, uh, nature calls hahah. I ... kinda drank a lot on the way here," she said, looking a little embarrassed. I felt a little sympathy, but I couldn't just let it stop there.

"The, uh, lighting is just perfect right now, and if we wait we might lose it. Can we keep going a little longer?"

"Oh .... yeah, that's fine. It's not too bad yet." Though the way she was standing with her thighs pressed together seemed to disagree with that statement.

We continued on. We were going to take some underwear shots, the idea of which already had me half hard, especially after seeing how desperate she was right now.

"Alright, you wanna take those clothes off now?"

She giggled and said "Anything that means I get to pee sooner."

I watched as she pulled her clothes off. God, she had such a perfect body. A petite frame but she was fit and had tits that would surprise you.

Getting undressed had obviously made it her desperation that much worse, and she was dancing around enough to make it difficult to get photos in. I figured it was time to let her go.

But before I could say anything, I noticed a damp spot forming on her panties.

"Shit," she swore, dashing off behind a bush. I heard her moan, and then the sound of a massive torrent of pee shooting hard into the underbrush below. The bush wasnt exactly that thick either, and I could still see like 50% of her crouching down and letting her bladder loose. I could barely believe what I was seeing. I stared at her figure behind the bush, as the stream went hard for what felt like an entire minute.

Once the sounds finally stopped, I went over to check on her. She was sitting on the ground, her panties still around her ankles (they took a bit of a soaking themselves), with a huge damp spot near her soaking into the dirt and leaves. She looked almost exhausted from holding back and releasing all that pee.

She startled a bit when she noticed me, covering up her exposed bits with her hands.

"SorryIdranksomuchIthoughtIcouldholditbut -"

I crouched down and put my hand on her shoulder.

"Its fine," I smiled. "You didn't tell me you had to go THAT bad"

She looked like she was about to say something when our eyes locked. God, she was gorgeous. Next thing I knew I was pulling her against me, and we were making our hard right next to her puddle of piss. The whole situation had us both so turned on.

We finally broke off, both of us a little bit shy after everything that had just happened. I finally broke the silence.

"So ... you wanna come back to my place after we finish up the photoshoot?"

She just gave me a smile as she got up and pulled her soaked panties back on.

"Guess we won't be taking any shots of my lower half from now on."

I got up and went to find wherever the hell I left my equipment.

*002*2019-11-17 16:33

{{On 11/16/2019 at 6:58 AM, Ienjoy said:

This was great! Stories that open by establishing the relationship between the characters are so good. Will this continue, or was it a one-shot?

}}

Glad you liked it. This was kind of an experiment for me in writing a story in first person, so I didn't necessarily have plans to continue. But I think it turned out well, and if you guys liked it, I don't see any reason not to develop this further

