Pouring like tea (Azur Lane short story)

Author: Aquamin

*000*2019-12-05 21:39

This is another story based on an image I came across (Thank you R/AzurLewd). I'm a bit wore out so sorry for the shortness https://twitter.com/aosaki_1100/status/1027478123686780929

Belfast closed the door to her room and locked it. She listened to her fellow maid's footsteps grow distant before she moved. She hobbled over to the mirror standing in the corner of her room. She quickly threw off her dress to reveal her purple swimming bikini underneath. As a maid, Belfast was constantly busy with very little time throughout the day to attend to her needs. While all the maids were known for having tight bladder control, Belfast was in a league of her own. Her bladder of iron was trained as much as often as she trained for combat, that being every day, and she could easily hold over a liter for 8 hours with not a single leak. Today, however, she had chosen to take herself beyond her normal limits. Starting when she woke up at 6 am sharp, she had consumed every liquid she came across. Tea, water, juice, cola, and even a little bit of wine had all been drinking for a final total of 3.2 liters of cold and hot beverages from around the world.

By the end of her shift at 6 pm, she was positively dying. Belfast could feel her back teeth swimming with pee as her pelvis ached with an almighty need to drench her clothes in hot urine. By herculean effort and will, she had made it back to her room and now looked at her bloated belly in the mirror. A bowling ball-sized bulge that was once a normal-sized bladder, pushed her panties down by a few centimeters. In her purple bikini, she looked drop-dead gorgeous, but it also showed off her swollen stomach beautifully. She crossed her legs for it was all she could do, any further movement would spell the end of her hold. She knew from the start this would end in wet clothes, that's why she wore the bikini, but she wanted to experience this feeling of true, unparalleled desperation for just a moment longer.

She felt hotness at the entrance to her pee hole, any moment her dam would burst and the bikini bottoms would look like they had been tossed in the sea. "Well," she thought "If I'm going to get wet like on the beach, I should complete the look". Reaching over to the rack next to the mirror, she removed her sun hat and placed it on her head.

Spreading her legs, she slowly let out a small stream to wet her lips and get her excited before releasing a torrent. A cascade of bright yellow thundered onto the carpet below as she emptied the bowling ball-sized pool within her. It took five minutes, even with a waterfall between her legs, for the stream to stagnate. Belfast felt her soaked Bikini before fingering herself to finish with one question on her mind. "How am I going to clean up the carpet".

Thank you for reading and I'm so sorry that the quality of this is not very high. I had a long day but wanted to get this out since this morning (UK time), and i think the quality suffered for it. I'll probably rewrite this someday.

*001*2019-12-05 21:47

Normal service will hopefully resume tomorrow.

