Bursting For a Grade

Author: Anon_User

*000*2023-06-14 17:56

Hello. This is my first story I made. It took a bit to make but I’m happy with how it came out. Constructive criticism is welcomed as I would like to improve for future stories if this one gets any attention. Other than that, I hope you enjoy.

Chapter 1:

Stacy's heart sank as the bell rang, signaling the end of another long day of classes. She knew that it was going to be a tough one, especially after she had seen the look on the face of her busty 45 year old teacher, Ms White, during the English test that morning. Stacy had never been the best student, but she had tried her hardest, pouring hours of her time into studying, determined to make something of herself.

As she left the classroom, Ms. White pulled her aside. Stacy's stomach dropped, and she knew that this was going to be bad. "Stacy, can you stay behind for a moment?" Ms. White asked, her tone clipped and impatient.

Stacy nodded and took a deep breath, wondering if there was any way to prepare for the inevitable scolding that was coming. Once the classroom had emptied, Ms. White slammed down Stacy's test, her eyes boring into her. "What is this?" she demanded, her voice cold and cruel.

Stacy's eyes flickered over the paper, seeing the bright red 'F' glaring up at her from the page. "I know it's not great," she said, her voice small and hesitant.

"Not great?" Ms. White scoffed, her eyes narrowing. "It's not even passable. You're hopeless, Stacy. Dumb as a post and not even trying to pretend otherwise."

Stacy winced, feeling the weight of Ms. White's words pressing down on her chest. She knew that she wasn't the smartest student in the class, but she had never felt so belittled before. "I'm sorry," she whispered, her eyes stinging with unshed tears.

"What are you going to do about it?" Ms. White asked, her tone dismissive. "You're failing this class, Stacy. You're going to have to do something drastic if you want to pass."

Stacy's mind raced. She knew that she couldn't afford to fail this class, not if she wanted to graduate on time. "Is there anything I can do to raise my grade?" she asked, desperation creeping into her voice.

Ms. White paused, considering her options. "I suppose there is one thing," she said, a sly smile curling at the corners of her lips. "You can come to school on Saturday and hold in your pee for the entire day. And if you manage to do that without bursting, I’ll raise your grade to a C-, that should be at least decent for you."

Stacy stared at her in horror. The idea of holding in her pee all day was bad enough, but doing it for Ms. White? "I don't know if I can do that," she said, shaking her head.

"Well, feel free to fail then," Ms. White said, her voice dripping with disdain. "I'm sure your parents will be thrilled to hear about how poorly you're doing in school."

Stacy hesitated, her mind racing. She couldn't fail this class, but she also couldn't imagine holding in her pee all day. Finally, she made her decision. "Okay," she said, her voice barely above a whisper. "I'll do it."

Ms. White grinned triumphantly. "Good," she said, her eyes gleaming. "I'll see you here bright and early on Saturday then." And with that, she turned and walked out of the classroom, leaving Stacy standing there, feeling both ashamed and disgusted.

Chapter 2:

At 7 am, Stacy found herself sitting at the desk in Ms White’s room. The minutes had crawled by like snails, and she was sure that the clock on the wall was mocking her. She started to get a small urge to pee since she drank a cup of water before leaving, but she clamped her legs together as she tried to focus on something else.

Ms. White had barely looked up from her paperwork all morning. Every now and then, she would glance over at Stacy with a satisfied smirk on her face. It was clear that she was enjoying this, reveling in her power over the young girl who sat before her.

Around 10 am, Stacy's need to pee had grown to a steady ache. She shifted in her seat and tried to distract herself by counting the tiles on the floor or the books on the shelf. But it was useless. Her mind kept coming back to the fact that she needed to pee.

Ms. White seemed to sense this and decided to make things worse. "Are you sure you don't need to use the restroom, Stacy?" she asked in a sweet voice, looking up from her paperwork.

Stacy shook her head frantically. "No, no, I'm fine," she said, trying to keep the desperation out of her voice.

Ms. White raised an eyebrow. "Are you sure? You look like you're in a bit of discomfort."

Stacy gritted her teeth. "I'm fine," she repeated through clenched jaws.

Ms. White shrugged and went back to her paperwork. But Stacy could feel her eyes on her, like she was waiting for the moment when Stacy would break and ask to use the restroom.

Still sitting there, Stacy’s need to pee grew stronger with each passing moment, while Ms. White still watched her with a smug expression on her face.

Chapter 3:

Stacy couldn't believe it had been five hours since she last used the bathroom. Her bladder felt like it was about to burst, but she refused to give in. The water bottles Ms. White was giving her were starting to backfire, as each sip only added to the pressure building inside of her.

As the clock struck 2 pm, Stacy's bladder was at its limit. She shifted in her seat, trying to find any relief, but it was no use. She knew she couldn't hold it much longer. Ms. White was still watching her, but Stacy couldn't bring herself to care anymore. All she wanted was to use the bathroom and be done with this torture.

Suddenly, Stacy noticed that Ms. White was starting to squirm and shift in her own seat as well. It was as if she also needed to pee and was struggling to hold it. Stacy couldn't believe it. Was this some sick game Ms. White was playing? Or was she actually in the same situation as Stacy?

The thought made Stacy both angry and relieved. She may not be the only one suffering, but she couldn't let Ms. White win. With a deep breath, Stacy clenched her muscles and held on for dear life. It was a battle she was determined to win.

But as the clock ticked on, Stacy couldn't help but wonder how much longer she could hold on. She just hoped Ms. White would call it off soon.

Chapter 4:

As the clock struck 4 pm, Stacy and Ms. White were getting more and more desperate to pee. Stacy had been giggling to herself, and after a while, she couldn't help but ask Ms. White if she needed to pee too. “Yes,” Ms White replied, and Stacy loudly giggled. She knew the power that Ms White held over her was starting to waver.

Ms White, unamused, sternly said "I am an excellent pee holder! And for as long as I don’t pee myself, you cannot as well! So get comfortable where you are, it’s going to be a long night.”

Stacy grew quiet, realizing that Ms. White was not going to make this easy for her. The two of them sat in silence, staring at each other, both feeling like they were about to burst.

Hours passed, and they continued to hold their pee. Stacy's legs were shaking, and she felt like she was going to faint. Ms. White's face had gone red and sweaty, and she looked like she was in pain. Stacy’s bladder bulged out from her school uniform, while Ms White’s bladder was bulging much bigger out of her thin one piece dress.

At 6 pm, Stacy and Ms. White were still locked in their pee-holding battle. They were both on the brink of exploding, and neither of them knew who would win. Would Stacy give in first, or would Ms. White?

Chapter 5:

As the clock ticked on, Ms. White's discomfort grew, and she could feel her bladder filling up like a balloon. She knew she had met her match with Stacy, who looked surprisingly calm compared to Ms. White's own agonized state. Ms. White could feel the sweat starting to pour from her forehead and her heart racing as she tried to focus on anything besides the overwhelming urge to pee.

For a moment, Stacy felt guilty that she was winning and wondered if she should give in and let Ms. White use the restroom, but she immediately shook the thought out of her head. This was her chance to finally earn a good grade and get back at her cruel teacher. She crossed her legs tightly and gritted her teeth, willing to hold out just a little bit longer.

Ms. White could hear the sound of rainwater trickling from the window by her desk, and it only made her need to pee worse. She tried to distract herself by grading papers, but her mind kept wandering back to the painful pressure in her bladder. She realized with a sinking feeling that there was no way she could hold out much longer.

Stacy noticed the desperation in Ms. White's eyes and felt a sense of satisfaction wash over her. She’s doing it. She is outlasting her cruel teacher and proving that she is capable of holding in her pee. But she also felt a twinge of sympathy for Ms. White, who was clearly in agony.

As the minutes ticked by, Ms. White's belly swelled with the pressure of her full bladder, until it bulged like a bowling ball lodged inside of her abdomen. She crossed and uncrossed her legs while squirming in her seat, trying to find any relief from the discomfort. But there was none to be had.

By 7, Ms. White was still sitting at her desk, her face contorted with pain as she continued to hold in her pee, but doubtful she'll be able to hold out much longer. Stacy watches her with a mix of satisfaction and curiosity, wondering what will happen next.

Chapter 6:

Stacy watched as Ms. White squirmed in her seat, her breaths short and ragged. The teacher's once immaculate appearance was now disheveled and sweaty, and Stacy could see the desperation in her eyes.

Stacy's resolve hardened as Ms. White reached a hand between her legs, trying to hold in the inevitable. But it was clear that the teacher had pushed her own limits as far as she could.

Stacy felt a pang of victory. But she also knew that she had to see this through. She couldn't let the teacher win.

‘I...I can't hold it anymore,’ Ms. White thought to herself. “Stacy… you can go…now.”

Stacy hesitated for a moment before shaking her head firmly. "I'm sorry, but… we made a deal. You said I-I could go if you peed, and I'm not seeing any of your pee flooding the room. I’m not giving up now.”

Ms. White's face twisted in anger, but she couldn't argue with the logic. She clutched her bulging belly, now the size of a soccer ball, as sweat continued to pour down her face as her body shook from the effort of holding in her pee.

But it was no use. With one final desperate groan, Ms. White's bladder finally gave out, and a tidal wave of warm pee soaked her dress and pooled beneath her.

Stacy winced at the sight and smell, but she couldn't help feeling a sense of triumph. She had won the battle of wills, and she had the proof right in front of her. “You… you can go now.” Ms White said, and Stacy jumped from her seat in joy darting out of the room straight for the bathroom. Ms White stood there with her head down. Embarrassed and angry, she wiped the sweat from her face and took Stacy’s failed test correcting it to a C-.

When Stacy returned 10 minutes later, Ms White angrily handed Stacy her improved grade. “Thanks Ms White.” Stacy said as she left the room. Ms White stood up from her seat and stared at the large puddle beneath her, and quietly said “It’s going to be a long night…”

