Chib: An Omorashi Fiction - Page 6

Author: Astraptera

*125*2024-08-03 05:53

Part 81:

Avaris set up the folding table in the bedroom and finished folding her laundry there while Cyan and Yarrow took turns in the shower. Yarrow insisted that Cyan shower first. Afterward, Avaris helped Yarrow dry and preen his feathers. Cyan was comfortable going around shirtless in shorts, but Yarrow wasn't, so Avaris loaned him the only top she owned that would fit him: a mid-thigh length dark blue linen shift with a starry pattern and embroidered keyhole neckline. Avaris had bought the dress too small by mistake and meant to return or exchange it, but had somehow never gotten around to it. Avaris glanced at it occasionally while she preened Yarrow's feathers, hoping she'd look as cute as he did in the dress if she ever exchanged it for one her size. She also noticed a large red blotch on Yarrow's side and agonized for half an hour over whether or not she should ask about it. She did in the end, and he informed her self-consciously that it was a birthmark.

It was almost midnight when Avaris and Yarrow finished conditioning Yarrow's feathers. Cyan was already asleep, so they cleaned up quietly and decided to go to bed. Avaris left the room as Yarrow turned off the light, exchanging a whispered goodnight before she eased the door shut.

Avaris woke at about four in the morning. She knew she wouldn't get back to sleep after napping so much during the day lately, so she got up and decided to work on her knitting, only to realize that the knitting drawer was in her bedroom. She didn't want to wake her guests and opted to check her email and update her calendar with a pot of instant hot cider.

The next two hours passed quickly: now that Azri was her primary physician, Avaris had canceled most of her off-world and phone appointments but hadn't yet removed them from her calendar. The heat of the cider was comforting in the chilly morning, and she finished the first pot in what felt like no time at all. She was well into her third pot when Yarrow emerged from the bedroom. It was exactly six o'clock in the morning, almost to the second.

"Your feathers look great," Avaris commented as Yarrow plodded by, yawning. Avaris caught the yawn, which she did in light, shallow breaths to keep it from affecting her bladder. The need to pee had been distracting for the past half hour, but it wasn't urgent. "And you didn't sleep on them - good job!"

It took Yarrow a moment to process what Avaris had said, swaying sleepily on his feet. "I have..." Yarrow yawned into his elbow. "I have my methods. Of sleeping. Thanks."

Avaris stood up, making a split-second decision. "I'm gonna take a walk so you can have some privacy while you get ready." Yarrow thanked her muzzily, shuffling toward the toilet while she snatched up the umbrella and swept out the front door, pulling her long jacket on and hooking the shoulder closure over her wings.

It was drizzling outside, and the air was cool and crisp. Avaris tried not to hurry: part of the exercise was to wait until she was about to burst and try to count to one hundred before letting go. This morning would only be her second try at the exercise, so Azri had told her to start with ten.

Rainwater sprayed Avaris's bare shins and splashed into her sandals. It made her shiver, and the persistent pressure in her abdomen harder to ignore. It got even worse when she stepped down to the short dirt trail leading to the dock site where she'd almost fallen off the plateau. Avaris found that part of her was scared of going back. She'd made a dumb mistake last time, she reassured herself. She'd test the gate to ensure it was closed this time, hopefully before she needed to start her count.

Avaris's foot slipped when she stepped up to the platform, and she felt a brief hissing squirt on her thighs. Avaris almost cursed aloud but she was afraid it might be too much and cause her to burst.

"One," Avaris said under her breath and stepped up the first stair. The distance was only three stair risers, then about ten steps across the platform. She held her wings close to her back in the wet breeze.

"Two." The valley below lay sprawling before her, shrouded in mist. The rain drummed on her umbrella. One more riser to go and she was on the platform.

"Three." Her crotch felt hot, throbbing under her skirt. She wasn't wearing any underwear, and the cool air felt good on her inner thighs and groin.

"Four." Avaris threw back the bottom of her coat. The view of the landscape widened, revealing more of the misty lake below.

"Five." Avaris glanced around reflexively. She thought she heard footsteps but didn't see anyone. After some thought, Avaris decided it had just been her own wheezing breath, echoing strangely on that small ridge.

"Six." Avaris reached the railing. She made sure the gate was secure by pushing on the top rail while raising her skirt, gathering it up with the hand that wasn't holding the umbrella.

"Seven." Avaris raised her leg, quivering, and set one foot on the knee-high railing bar. Not long now, she told herself tightly.

"Eight." Avaris thought she heard the footsteps again. Just her breath, she repeated to herself and began to relax. It felt like cheating, but it would take her a few seconds to fully let go.

"Nine." Avaris's pussy throbbed. She was swollen and sensitive and hoped that Cyan would stay asleep for a while after she returned. Or she could masturbate out there if she was quick: she had the isolated little platform all to herself, and it was early in the morning.

Relishing the end of a long wait, Avaris took a deep breath.

"Ten."

"Avaris?" said May's voice. May stepped onto the platform under a green-striped umbrella, a tape measure clipped to the thigh of her work coveralls. "Good morning! How are you feeling today?"

Avaris couldn't stop the initial reluctant spray through the railing, nor the concentrated jet that followed. She tried to clench up, but all it did was make her vulva twitch embarrassingly in the open air.

May approached the railing, finally noticed what Avaris was doing, and averted her eyes by pulling a notebook out of her breast pocket and flipping through it. She drew a pencil from the same pocket, and she was close enough for Avaris to see that she was jotting down a grid for taking measurements.

"G-good morning," said Avaris, failing to keep her face or voice casual. Her rapidly draining bladder felt fantastic even standing in front of Miss Mayra, which Avaris mentally felt wretched about. Heat glowed in her cheeks, and she knew she was bright red. Her umbrella, made from clear plastic, wouldn't hide it if May was looking.

"Oh...uh...I see you're a little busy," said May, turning pink under her makeup. She wasn't wearing much - just enough to make it look like she wasn't wearing any - but it made Avaris feel that much more slobby next to her. "Do you mind if I take some measurements of this platform? It'll be quick, and I don't have to get too close."

"Of course...this is your dockyard, after all." Avaris couldn't believe how calm she was. The hissing and splashing of her flow was insolently loud, and Avaris sneaked a furtive glance at May. May had her back to Avaris in the opposite corner, measuring the railing with her tape measure. Avaris braced herself for something like, "It's rude to piss on my boardwalk," but no such admonition came. Miss May had been exceedingly nice to Avaris since her near-miss on the day of the festival.

Avaris's stream stopped suddenly, and May seemed to think it was a good time to speak.

"How are you feeling?" May asked earnestly. She jumped when Avaris's flow resumed a second later, echoing louder than ever in the chill morning air.

"My energy level is low, but I'm feeling pretty good," Avaris answered, her voice holding steady. She relaxed a little.

Mayra looked down and started writing out what looked like a long-division problem underneath her measurements. "How's the gate holding up?"

Avaris gulped and tried to will herself to pee faster. It didn't work. "It's sturdy," she replied, not knowing what else to say.

"I came up here yesterday and tightened everything," said May. "I'm going to replace the railing, though, after what happened."

"That was my fault: if I'd thought to close it first I wouldn't have fallen."

May grimaced. What Avaris had said was a self-deprecating remark that she might've said to an adult in a family eyrie. It occurred to Avaris that she was expecting May to act like that; May *had* been raised in large family compounds like the Nucifera eyries Avaris had lived in during her stays on the homeworld. According to the Nucifera family records, May and Avaris were fourth cousins. May's father had been one of the family elders assigned to oversee Avaris's flight trials.

"Still, this railing is overdue for a replacement," said May. "Now that you're feeling better, I'd like to sit down and discuss the incident more."

"We could discuss it now," Avaris grunted, fully aware that she was still copiously voiding her bladder in front of her hot landlady, onto her hot landlady's property.

"Normally I would, but I'm in somewhat of a hurry this morning. Is Yarrow awake, by the way?"

"He got up at six. Like, the second my Limpet's clock hit six." Avaris found that her flow was slowing and squatted a bit more. "Punctual."

Avaris didn't know how long it took her to finish, only that it felt like about ten minutes of awkward silence. May checked and rechecked her measurements while she waited for Avaris to finish, twice pulling the notepad out to erase and rewrite a number.

When Avaris finally finished, she felt thoroughly deflated. Her muscles were sore, and she didn't mind that it dampened her arousal because May was probably going to walk back to the Limpet with her. It was one of those Andyne customs nobody talked about: if you were with someone and they needed to relieve themself, you stayed with them, usually with your back turned until they finished and were ready to move on. It was considered extremely rude to ask why in most settings, and Avaris made a mental note to ask about it at the rendezvous, wishing she'd thought to ask Sinni.

Avaris shook her hips and dropped her skirt. She heaved a deep sigh of relief that she tried to keep silent, and turned to May. "Shall we go check on Yarrow?"

May nodded eagerly. There was a pause in the rain, and both women lowered their umbrellas to walk side-by-side toward the Limpet. On the way, they made arrangements to meet that afternoon to discuss Avaris's fall from the isolated docking site.

"If Yarrow is up, I'll bring back a couple dozen doughnuts," said May. "Any requests?"

When Avaris returned with May, Yarrow stood waiting outside the Limpet, sipping from a can of tea. He looked just as neat and put-together as he would have on the homeworld, even in his festival sweater. His blunt pageboy haircut looked like a smooth helmet of blue-gray hair. Avaris thought it looked silly, but knew he meant business.

"He looks ready to go," May said, looking pleased.

"I told you. Punctual," laughed Avaris. It looked like she might get some private time after all. If Cyan stayed asleep she'd have over an hour until Azri showed up. May and Yarrow said goodbye for the day and started for the runabout, May telling Yarrow about a doughnut shop in Cloudwater Cove.

__________________________________

Still no art but I can add that later.

&&&&&&&&

*129*2024-08-10 19:33

Part 82:

May sat back in her chair and stretched her arms. One of her hands settled on the comically large coffee cup in her cupholder, testing it to see how full it was. Ice rattled in the bottom. Instead of reaching for another donut, May decided to crunch her ice.

May and Yarrow had reached Cloudwater Cove even earlier than expected and put in their order before the fryers were fully heated. While they waited for the thirty minutes or so needed to make the order, May drank coffee and walked Yarrow through his hiring paperwork, completing it in an efficient ten minutes. May used the remaining wait time to chug her iced coffee and get them both refills before leaving.

Rain lashed the runabout's windows, blurring the grid that made up Nilbog's outskirts. The sky overhead was gray and dark for mid-morning in the summer. It was almost ominous.

"If you like, Yarrow, I can go with you today and give you a professional opinion," May offered. Yarrow accepted the offer and directed May to an address on the western edge of Nilbog. "I'd just need to stop by the hardware store first."

May parked the airship next to the hardware store and grabbed her umbrella. Yarrow stayed in the runabout while May picked up her order and sprinted back through steadily pissing rain.

"Whew, that's a relief. They couldn't hold it any longer," May sighed, dropping her striped umbrella into its draining stand by the door. The package clutched to her chest was about the size of a shoebox, dark with the rainwater from her short sprint to the runabout. In the radio seat, Yarrow nodded stiffly, tapping his foot. "Are you alright, Yarrow?"

"I'm fine," Yarrow said. He was clearly not fine: patches of pale and red blotched his face. After the coffee and seeing him at her shop yesterday, May thought she knew what Yarrow's problem was.

The rain worsened and rumbled on the runabout's hull, filling the silence while May navigated Nilbog through a curtain of rain.

Their destination was a repair hangar on the eastern outskirts of the city. The ocean was miles away, but the main canals there were wide, a few leading in lazy arcs into the gigantic hangar under its walls. The towering front doors were open for customer parking, and May hovered the runabout through. She picked a spot near the office, When she and Yarrow disembarked, it was into a dim and drafty space: the daytime lights were on, but they didn't compensate for how dark the day was.

May followed Yarrow to the office, first up the steps, then through the door. The clerk was a tall Amphibious woman with light umber skin, flecked with pale freckle-like spots, and dark green hair, cut into a wavy bob. She wore a black set of uniform coveralls with the words "Nilbog Amphibious Airship(And More!)" embroidered in small, neat letters across the right breast. She wasn't wearing a name tag.

"Good morning," said the woman in a singsong voice. Her metallic violet-gray eyes and stiff movement made her look almost robotic until she sat back and stretched. "How may I help you?"

"I'm here to see Mx Stepwater," said Yarrow formally. "We made an appointment for this morning."

"You're...Yarrow, nine-fifteen?" said the woman, looking up from a notepad. Yarrow confirmed, and the young woman hit a button on her desk's phone and picked up the receiver. "Winnie? Your nine-fifteen is here." She paused to listen to the replying chatter. "Mm-hmm. Alright. I'll tell them."

The young woman looked at the clock before turning to Yarrow. The digital interface read 08:47. "You're early. Winnie's going to be about ten minutes. If you like, you can use the sitting area while you wait. We have a hot drink station-" She gestured to a small self-serve tea and coffee bar next to her desk area. Yarrow squirmed at the prospect of drinking anything. "-and if you like, you can look at the ships behind the office. The bathrooms are back there too. Two of the ships are unfinished but all are available." With that, the woman stood up and announced she was off to her meal break. When she was gone, Yarrow peeked over the counter at the hours. Nilbog Amphibious Airship(And More!) was open from four in the morning to three in the afternoon.

"I thought that was a typo," Yarrow said quietly.

"What was a typo?" May asked.

"The hours. Miss Avaris let me use her laptop to contact them, and I saw the hours on their website," said Yarrow. His voice was carefully modulated, and Yarrow was careful to turn away so May couldn't see his face.

"I'm going to take a peek at their ships," said May. "And you can finally use the bathroom."

Yarrow's face lost its blotchy quality and went pale. His weirdly perfect helmet of light blue-gray hair gave his complexion a sickly greenish tone in the yellow office lights.

"You've been hiding it well," said May, gently ushering Yarrow toward the door by the back of his wing. "Listen, I came from the Homeworld too. There's a lot of pressure to not have needs in the workplace, but it's not that way here. If you need to use the restroom, you don't even need to ask. Just tell me, and we'll find you one."

They exited the office and rounded the corner of the building. It was dark, and the relentless splashing of the rain echoed from the hangar's entrance and reminded May that she also needed to pee. She was more eager to get a look at the airships, though. Places like Nilbog Amphibious Airship(And More!) occasionally had rare and discontinued models of airships: May wanted the maximum amount of time to nerd out if any of the airships were interesting.

Yarrow spotted the door to the bathrooms. Now that he didn't have to hide how desperate he was, he shuffled quickly away. May kept walking to the first of the airships on display. There were four: two nearly identical Renoige ships, one hovering and the other floating in a narrow canal in the showroom. The owners were either amphibious or aquatic and probably had a larger showroom underwater. May was about to inspect a vintage andyne Quicksilver Drop when she noticed Yarrow approaching, his hands clamped between his legs. Something had gone wrong with the bathroom, but May couldn't tell what it was.

Another airship sat beyond the tiny Quicksilver Drop: a domed Haman airship that took May a long moment of squinting to identify as a late-model Limnulus. Its ugly gray coat of primer, missing front door, and absent top sunshade told May it was one of the unfinished ships the woman at the desk had mentioned. Unlike the other ships, however, it was open.

"Try the bathroom in there," said May, pointing at the Limnulus. She wanted to ask what was going on but decided to wait until after Yarrow did what he needed to do. "I'll holler if the owner gets here."

Yarrow looked at May uncertainly but didn't have enough time to express the full extent of his doubt; he ran for it, used his wings to propel him faster up the stairs, and disappeared into the gray airship.

May gave the Limnulus a short evaluation. Limuluses weren't common anymore, but she'd always admired the streamlined design. She strolled over to inspect the hover plate and found that while it was the original hardware, it was in excellent condition. The splashing noises from outside suddenly seemed louder, so she looked over her shoulder toward the outer door as she knelt to look at the bottom. Nothing was different, so May turned back to the Limnulus's underside and saw the source of the splashing.

__________________________________

Next chapter is Yarrow's POV.

*130*2024-08-18 20:50

Part 83:

Yarrow's neck hurt. He'd slept in a sort of downward fetal position, with his wings neatly crossed over his back, keeping the feathers well away from the bed and out of danger of being slept on. The deep conditioning he and Miss Avaris had done on his feathers temporarily softened them, and Yarrow was gratified to find them intact. He needed to pee but decided it could wait. It might wake Miss Avaris, and he'd only need to hold it for another hour or two. The clock on the nightstand read 04:37 and he still had time to sleep.

Yarrow let his legs slide out from under him and settled on his stomach.

"Yarrow?" Cyan yawned. "Did you know you were sleeping with your butt in the air?"

"I did that on purpose." Yarrow turned his head to face Cyan. Cyan lay awake on their side in the gray early morning light. "For my feathers." A hank of Yarrow's hair fell into his face, and Cyan reached over and brushed it back. Their touch made Yarrow shiver, and his off-and-on pee boner to surge to almost full hardness instantly. Yarrow was glad he was lying on his stomach.

"It looked like it hurt," said Cyan.

Yarrow stretched slowly and carefully. Cyan gently stroked the side of his face, renewing and strengthening the heated throb against the sheets. On the bright side, Yarrow thought, he physically couldn't wet the bed.

"I'll probably be sore for a while," said Yarrow, trying to keep his tone light so Cyan knew he wasn't complaining. "It's worth it though."

Cyan dropped off to sleep after that. Yarrow lay awake and tried to do the same thing. Every time he dozed off he dreamed of pissing on a grave with Cyan. They stood together in the dark space, soaking the name engraved in the simulated stone. Somewhere in the dark of the faux graveyard, Yarrow heard-

Yarrow turned over and sat up to turn off his phone alarm. He got up slowly to keep from waking Cyan and carefully dressed in the dark, finding his clothes in the dryer pleasantly warm. He left the borrowed nighty on a hanger next to the washer.

Miss Avaris hurried off for a walk when Yarrow left the bedroom. The privacy was nice and gave him time to do his hair. The stubborn erection made it difficult for him to pee. Yarrow considered masturbating to get rid of it but didn't know when his host would be back from her walk, so he concentrated hard and released enough to relieve the worst of the pressure. After washing his hands, Yarrow saved half of the last festival bun for Cyan and opened a canned tea. He sat at the table, feeling restless, and ate his half of the bun.

Outside, the rain had stopped. Yarrow decided to wait on the boardwalk for Miss Avaris before he left.

Miss Avaris returned with Miss May, and after a brief exchange, Yarrow helped Miss May load some wrapped airship parts onto the runabout. When everything was secured, they departed into the drizzly morning.

Yarrow and Miss May did the hiring paperwork while they waited for the donuts in Cloudwater Cove. Both of them drank a lot of iced coffee. Yarrow considered asking about the bathroom on their way out of the donut shop, each carrying donuts and their coffees but put it off because he didn't want to put the food down.

Sitting down helped Yarrow contain the need to pee. Miss May hadn't said anything, so Yarrow figured he must be hiding it sufficiently and tried to focus on the radio.

When Miss May parked the runabout, Yarrow didn't mind being asked to stay in his seat. He distracted himself by listening to the static on the runabout's radio. One of the transmissions was a public announcement about flooding in the above-water areas of Nilbog. It sounded like it was in the part of the city where Nilbog Amphibious Airship(And More!) had its address, and Yarrow hoped it wasn't flooded.

Yarrow heard the flood announcements twice on the way to Nilbog Amphibious Airship(And More!), and once while Miss May hovered the runabout through the hangar doors. Its polished concrete floor was dry. Yarrow stepped down gingerly to keep from stimulating his landing reflex.

Yarrow tried very hard to stay stoic in the office. Everything seemed to remind him of how badly he needed to pee: the beverage station, his dry throat, the muffled splashing from the storm outside, and the desk clerk mentioning where the bathrooms were before she left. Yarrow thought he did well, though he'd felt a drip in his underwear as he'd looked over Nilbog Amphibious Airship(And More!)'s hours. The warmth in his urethra was almost seductive: he could just let go right there. It would feel fantastic. Yarrow was barely able to stop himself, but he did somehow. He'd turned away from Miss May so she wouldn't see the momentary grimace of effort on his face.

After what felt like five minutes, but had only been about four seconds, Yarrow composed himself, letting his mouth go on autopilot about Nilbog Amphibious Airship(And More!)'s hours. He was genuinely surprised at how odd the business hours in Nilbog could be, and that sort of thing was a safe subject to talk about in almost any circumstance.

"I'd like a peek at their ships," said Miss May just before they left the office to wait for Mx Stepwater. "And you can finally use the bathroom."

Yarrow's face broke out in cold prickles. He almost let his bladder go out of shock. Miss May took pity on him and told him he'd been hiding it well before reassuring him that it was okay to take bathroom breaks. Yarrow appreciated it but focusing his attention was like gasping for air in a swimming pool that was slightly too deep. He saw the sign for the bathrooms and shambled in their direction while Miss May cast a professional eye to the airships in the showroom.

The building containing the bathrooms was older than the office and wasn't raised off the floor like the newer buildings. Yarrow skidded into the short hallway, his wings twitching. Four single unisex bathrooms sat along the hallway, two on each side. All four doors stood open and vacant. Yarrow went for the nearest door as an uncontrollable drip started. He didn't bother to lock the door behind him and yanked the top of his pants down. The toilet, indented into the floor with an optional pull-out stool, was slowly overflowing with an unsettling gurgling sound. Yarrow stopped and watched the water splash over the sides of the toilet. The water was clear and lapped gently, creeping toward his feet. A hot shiver ran up his body as he tried to clench up.

Yarrow burst out of the bathroom, pulling his sweater down in front of his crotch, and checked the one next to it. The toilet was overflowing in there too. The other two bathrooms were even worse, and when Yarrow opened the fourth door, water flowed out in a wave over his shoes, filling them with icy water. Without knowing why, Yarrow squelched back out of the hallway to the showroom, where he met Miss May.

She promptly pointed him to the nearest open door: one of the unfinished airships. Yarrow used his wings to give himself the extra boost up the short steps to the hovercraft. His footsteps echoed in the unfinished interior. The bathroom was inside to his left, and even before he crossed the threshold to the tile floor, he saw that the toilet wouldn't be an option: it looked new and wasn't connected to the floor yet. It sat on a small rolling square with a piece of printer paper taped over the lid and "DO NOT USE" printed in overlapping colors of highlighter pen. The hole in the floor where it went was prepared for it, and a toolkit sat next to it on the tile.

Yarrow bellied up to the oval porcelain sink. He saw rather than felt a brief squirt under the sink and rested his short cock on the lip, his urethra pointing straight down into the basin. It was at the perfect height for him to slouch a little and he did, leaning forward with his hands on either side of the sink. Yarrow's flow quickened to a rapid, hissing stream, filling up the bottom of the basin. Yarrow moaned under his breath, both in relief and dismay. Either the sink was clogged or the plumbing was closed off, and the level of piss in the sink was slowly rising.

"Yarrow?" Miss May's voice rang out from the front room. "The floor is flooding out here. I'm gonna go tell somebody. Stay here, alright?"

"Alright," said Yarrow, listening to the faint splashing and Miss May's retreating footsteps on the concrete. It was much easier to keep his voice casual now. His shoulders loosened and his wings sagged: he had time to relax. Yarrow let out a long breath. He was glad there wasn't a mirror over the sink.

Yarrow stood there for over a minute, his slow stream prolonged the time he had to stand there, but he didn't mind.

"Fffu-..." he tried, and sighed. He couldn't quite bring himself to say the word he wanted and tried again, sighing. "Fffuc-" Yarrow glanced over his shoulder and curtailed his gusty sigh to a whisper. No one was there but he didn't want to take chances. "Fff-..."

Yarrow's flow trailed off with an almost musical drip in the tiled bathroom. The water flooding the hangar floor outside sloshed loudly. No one could hear him, he told himself firmly.

"Fffuck," Yarrow breathed, wincing at the faint echo. He finished, shook off, and inspected his clothes. There were some drops on his clothes, but it would dry quickly. His work shoes were completely soaked, and he cringed knowing the water squishing in his socks had risen through a toilet.

Yarrow found a valve in the pipe below the sink and turned it. The piss drained from the sink with a gurgling noise, and he tried the faucet. Water gushed out and Yarrow rinsed down the sink thoroughly before closing the valve again.

Feeling lighter, Yarrow turned around and faced himself: the bathroom mirror leaned against the wall in a shock-absorbing foam frame. Clear plastic film protected the glass from scratches, and behind it, Yarrow could see how he looked: not as bad as he'd feared. He smoothed his clothes, fixed his hair, and ventured out into the airship's dim front room. The navigation console in the bow sat under a wide ovular window. The first-floor windows, the console interface, and carpets were covered and taped off to be painted, and the airship's front door lay in the middle of the floor, painted with the same gray primer as the outside of the ship. A kitchen area and a compact stairwell sat on his left. Yarrow stared at the stairs for a long moment and decided to look out the front door before going up.

What looked like a wide, calm sea greeted Yarrow. The water on the sales floor was at least ankle deep, the portable stairs he'd used to step up to the ship lazily drifting away in the waves.

The top of the spiral staircase seemed much brighter, opening to an airy bedroom. A wide circular Andyne bed took up most of the front of the room, and a small half-bathroom sat across from the stairs. In the back wall, a door labeled "Leisure Deck" led to an outdoor deck area. Yarrow tried the door and it opened.

Outside, Yarrow had another look at the water. It had risen slightly, and yells could be heard further in the dim hangar. Yarrow went back inside and sat on the bed. The protective plastic sheet covering it crackled, but it was comfortable.

Yarrow faded into consciousness next to Cyan. Both were naked, sleeping under a heavy duvet. Around him, Yarrow noticed that he wasn't in Miss Avaris's Limpet, but-

"You're sleeping on your wings, big boy," yawned Cyan, reaching over to stroke the side of Yarrow's face the same way they had before. Yarrow had never been "big" by most standards, but being called such sent a pleasant chill up Yarrow's spine. He'd heard it in a movie, but couldn't remember which. He didn't have time to begin delving into his memory: Cyan's face drifted closer to his. Yarrow's heart fluttered when he realized what Cyan was doing.

"You're going to kiss me," Yarrow heard himself say. Cyan smiled and brought their face close-

Yarrow sat up groggily on the bed. He didn't recognize the voice tentatively calling his name. Miss May's voice chimed in, and everything clicked into place: he'd dozed off. Yarrow gave himself a quick once-over before standing up and realizing that he had a throbbing erection. The front of his underwear was wet with what Yarrow knew was pre-cum. If Cyan had kissed him in his dream, he knew he would've come in his pants and almost wished he had.

"Do you think he headed for the office?" the unfamiliar voice echoed up the stairs.

"I'm here," Yarrow called. He adjusted his clothes to hide the boner and hurried down the stairs to the unfinished front room.

_________________________________

No art again; I have been extremely artistically unmotivated since the 8-day work week just before the 4th of July. Which is dumb because it's August now. Next time I make something I'll have it double as my profile pic. Or I'll just make a clearer pic of Comfortable Doug.

*132*2024-08-18 23:18

{{1 hour ago, Justin20 said:

This continues to be great! Always love a Yarrow chapter.

}}

Thanks! ❤️ I wasn't gonna have him as a main character at first; I thought I was going to use Tulip, and Yarrow was going to be a semi-antagonist who was just doing his job and trying to get Avaris to sign away her name. I like him better the way he is now though.

*133*2024-08-27 03:44

Part 84:

Yarrow joined Miss May and Miss Winnie Stepwater on the hover raft, floating over the placid waves of the flooded hangar.

"I'm so sorry about this," said Miss Stepwater. She was a relatively young Aquatic woman of the finny Nemede species. Her top half almost looked human, with reflective yellow eyes, a cloud of curly brown hair, and darkly tanned skin under a crossed-over garment that seemed to double as a tool belt. Her bottom half was a fishlike tail with black-edged pale blue scales that formed an intricate net pattern and three sets of lobed fins, curled around a special semi-conical chair in the corner of the hover raft. "Most of my above-water staff are on their lunch hour, or we would've noticed the flooding earlier.

Miss Stepwater brought Yarrow over to look at the Silver Drop and the Renoige ship that hovered over the floor. The one in the canal and the Limulus were unfinished. Miss Stepwater let them tour the merchandise and dropped Yarrow and Miss May off at the office an hour later, where the secretary from earlier greeted them and Yarrow filled out his paperwork.

The hangar was drained and the floor was even starting to dry in places when they boarded the runabout.

"No, I don't have an appointment at any particular time," said May. "I'd just like to get back before noon. Are you sure about your decision? The transaction takes a few days to go through, so you have some time if you change your mind."

"I'm sure," said Yarrow. "Miss Avaris said I could stay for a few days, and if I need to I can go back to the inn."

"My guest room is going to be full, but at the very least you can sleep on the couch or a cot in the office, if there's room in there," Miss May offered. "Or camp out in the shop or here the runabout. I keep full camping gear in here in case of emergencies. The shop would be better than the runabout next week: Lady and I are attending the Regional Airship Expo, and we'll be leaving early on those days."

May wasn't facing Yarrow but watched his faint reflection squirm in the window. It almost seemed like he needed to pee again and May's bladder seemed to swell sympathetically. The weather was turbulent, she couldn't engage the autopilot, and she didn't want to go out into the wind and rain to relieve herself.

"Are we going to see Lady today?" Yarrow asked apprehensively.

"I need to stop at her shop for spill absorber powder on the way back, but you can stay in the runabout if you like."

"Is that what fell over last night when you..." Yarrow's reflection in the window blushed. So did May.

"Not exactly," May tittered, still a little mortified about what had happened the night before.

"If you need anything else, radio me or come to my front door," said May. She faced a tall Renoige woman: Rabbiane Sylls, May's first slow-season customer since Avaris. It was late, and the rain was beginning to pick up again. May still wore her sundress, and she hadn't brought an umbrella, so she wanted to close up quickly and get indoors.

"Thanks," said Miss Sylls.

May stayed in the shop for a few minutes to write down some last-minute expenses in her big notebook and met Azri as she turned off the lights to leave. Since Azri would be away for a few days and May had an early schedule the next day, this would be their last chance to see each other before Azri returned on Saturday.

"You look so cute in that sundress," said Azri. The rain around them fell harder, and May pulled Azri under the cover of the roof.

"Thanks. Wanna rail me in it?" May purred, letting the shorter woman lightly pin her against the brick wall of the shop. Azri's amphibious physiology made her significantly stronger than May, but she was always gentle.

"Did you bring the prosthetic?" Asked Azri. She referred to strap-ons as "prosthetics" and it made May giggle. May bent down and kissed Azri to stop the giggles. Azri pressed her body against May, and May felt a part of herself press back under her dress.

May grinned. "I got a new one for the rendezvous on Sunday. I was hoping we could break it in tonight."

May and Azri backed through the shop door. May brought the "prosthetic" out of a locked cupboard under her work counter, and washed it in the shop sink while Azri undressed. May cleared off another low counter against the shop wall and bent over it. The cabinets above the counter made holding her wings up uncomfortable, so she held them back as Azri approached.

Azri started slow. May was already stressed and worked up, and since this would be the last time for a few days, they didn't want to make it quick.

The rain drummed loudly on the metal roof, and it occurred to May that Azri's strong, regular thrusts sounded like water dripping. May rested her head on her arms and enjoyed the controlled buildup. May's wing twitched with Azri's movements and bumped the shelf on her left. Bolts, canisters, containers, and other objects rattled, but nothing fell.

May relaxed and let Azri work, keeping a slow and steady rhythm. Azri was attuned to May enough to slow down when she needed it, and when May was ready to speed up she was supposed to touch Azri's wrist. At that point, Azri would gather up May's skirt and pound her until she finished.

May thought she heard the back door of the shop creaking open. Without thinking, she reached back and grabbed Azri's wrist. Azri began thrusting harder, and it made May arch her back. Her wing bumped the shelf again. The equipment on it rattled louder. May tried to say something to Azri but couldn't catch her breath, even as she heard the bathroom door open and close.

"Azri!" The word came out as a voiceless puff of breath, and Azri couldn't hear it over the pounding, both from the roof and herself. May fought back her orgasm and failed.

May managed to keep from crying out when she came, but her wing slammed into the shelf. A loud metallic clatter rang out in the dark shop as various metal objects crashed to the hard shop floor. May seemed to go on ejaculating forever, panic edging the hot pink haze of her orgasm. Azri was lost in it, making a low whimpering noise, and went on thrusting as the footsteps crossed the room behind them.

Knees shaking and dripping cum, May finally disengaged from Azri and turned around. May's stomach dropped when she saw a gray shape in the gloom near the deconstructed medical unit. Before she could say anything, the shape turned around. It had a flashlight. May hastily enfolded Azri with her wings, shielding her. A second later, May noticed who it was and the panic drained away instantly.

It was Yarrow, wide-eyed and pale and stricken as a hapless teenager in a horror movie. "...Miss May?" May lowered her wings enough to let Azri peek out.

Yarrow apologized profusely and explained why he was in the shop.

"Grab a C-brace too," May said numbly. "Third bin from the left on the bottom row. Tell Miss Sylls to rotate it until it stops before turning on the water." Yarrow thanked her and rushed out.

Azri unsnapped the "prosthetic," placed it on the work table, and hugged May around the waist with a long, ragged sigh that May felt in her bones. From somewhere in the jumble of fallen objects, a dark puddle of liquid spread slowly on the floor. The shelf, bolted firmly to the wall, was mercifully intact.

"That was a nasty jolt," May sighed, embracing Azri. The tension left May's body and left her simultaneously feeling empty and needing to pee. "You okay, Az?"

"Yeah," Azri panted, her face between May's breasts. She hugged May tighter, pressing on May's bladder for a split second before loosening her grip. "I thought the jolt in your stomach was just stress."

May snorted and kissed Azri on top of her head. "It was stress, just not about um..." She held Azri tighter. "About Pia."

"I can be there with you if you like," said Azri. "You don't have to do it alone."

"Maybe after. What I have to do...it's for Pia, not me."

"I'll give you some cuddles after, then." Azri stretched and combed her fingers through the downy feathers on May's back. May shivered, and her bladder gave a single hard throb. May thought about just pissing on the floor, but there was already enough to clean up with the various spilled airship fluids, plus the mess she'd left all over the counters.

Instead of using the back door, May raised the sliding garage door on the opposite wall while Azri put her clothes back on. May raised her skirt, let go, and moaned unselfconsciously, adding to the rain on the other side of the threshold. The runabout sat outside that door, and Azri's airship sat beyond that.

"I'll call you tomorrow once I've got the kiddos settled in, probably around one," Azri said, squatting and patting May's knee. "Are you sure you don't want me to stay and help clean up?"

May yawned, knowing she could leave neither the mixing mechanical fluids nor her own fluids in the shop overnight. "I'm sure, but thanks. You've got four kids to mind and you need your sleep."

What May told Yarrow instead of all that was: "I knocked over my entire stock of barometric medium and a few containers of engine oil, and used up all the spill powder."

________________________________________________

I keep saying I have an end to this and it's not even really an end; I'm gonna start writing more stuff like right after. I did do an art today but it was just a bunch of purple. I love purple but that was ten minutes with the text editor, not an actual art. I drew Millie though!

*135*2024-08-27 17:23

{{11 hours ago, orangelion said:

No worries, end it when it feels right!

Who you you meant you made art with a text editor? Did you make ASCII art?

}}

It'd make fun ASCII art; I used the text editor to write "hell yeah purple" on a purple background in purple. I've wanted to change my profile pic for a while and wanted something text-based and purple. 😛

*137*2024-08-27 18:28

{{31 minutes ago, orangelion said:

OK, yeah I see that you put it as your profile picture. I didn't notice it before, it looks nice.

Looks like you used a fancy text editor. Whenever I think of a text editor I think of something like notepad. Which is why I thought you had made ASCII art.

}}

It looks fancy? Aww thanks! And yeah that is super confusing. I apologize. 🙂

*138*2024-09-07 06:48

Part 85:

"I'll just take it to Nilbog tomorrow," said May. The weather was worsening: a coastal storm had built up and closely followed the runabout south. May's bladder was currently distracting her more than she could afford to be distracted as a pilot, especially in the near-constant turbulence.

"The public announcement is telling any aircraft to land," Yarrow shouted over the wind and rain from outside. May glanced at the weather monitor and found that the storm was on the brink of overtaking them. If May had been alone she might've flown the runabout faster, but Yarrow was with her.

"Is there anything about how long we'll have to be on the ground?" May asked, pressing her knees together. At least she'd get to pee soon, she thought, scanning the craggy landscape for a place to land.

"'Until further notice,'" Yarrow quoted, pulling the earphones down to his neck. "Is there something you can't-" the runabout lurched and Yarrow grabbed his coffee before it could slide off the radio console. "-can't miss at the dockyard?"

"I wanted to be back in time for Azri to call," May sighed. She spotted a road leading up to a transit waypoint, where others had already landed in a wide grassy field next to it.

"If you like, I could call the dockyard. Miss Williams could forward her call here," said Yarrow. "And would you like me to land?"

"Can you?" said May. She could feel herself starting to let go in anticipation, spilling slowly and warmly into her underwear. Unlike this trip, it was happening faster than she'd anticipated.

"Of course," said Yarrow matter-of-factly. "In Gyallp it's required that we learn how to land airships in emergencies in school. It's a mandatory six-week course every year."

May crossed her legs hard. "Thanks, but I'm alright. If I get up I'll wet my coveralls. I'm not looking forward to standing in the rain, and I'd rather do that when we're not moving anyway."

"You don't have to," said Yarrow. "You could go in a bucket and dump it out after we land. If you're embarrassed, I can dump it."

May could feel her control slipping and heard herself say, "Alright. We'll need to switch quickly."

Yarrow slid into the seat when May vacated it and took over the controls, scanning the oncoming parking area for a spot. May drew her wings around herself and unzipped her coveralls on her way to the back of the runabout. The mop bucket was in its usual cupboard. The wind outside howled as May sat on one of the passenger seats and pulled aside her underwear, bracing herself in case of turbulence. She started right away at full flow and held the bucket at an angle so that her stream would hit the side of the bucket, feeling like an amateur bartender. It didn't keep the hissing and splashing as quiet as she'd hoped and reminded her that Avaris had done almost the same thing recently only two seats over.

The bottom of the bucket filled up quickly while the runabout descended. May glanced over the top of one wing to check on Yarrow. He sipped his coffee and confidently steered the ship in a landing arc. May let out a breath she didn't know she'd been holding.

Yarrow landed the runabout smoothly, and May felt the thrum under her feet as Yarrow set it to a low hover. May was still peeing as Yarrow sidled them to a stop between the waypoint's bus depot building and a cuboidal Haman aircraft about twice the runabout's size.

"I'll stay up here until you're finished," Yarrow sighed, sitting back in the pilot's chair. "Then I'll see what I can do with the radio."

May finished peeing and set the bucket on the floor, letting herself hang over it and drip. She slouched forward, elbows on her thighs, and rested her head on the hand that had stayed dry. It was just past eleven, and May allowed herself a pause. After a few breaths, May sat up and righted her clothes, zipping up her coveralls and standing up. She took the bucket directly to the door, which Yarrow had parked facing the brick wall of the depot instead of the other airships, and dumped its contents. She left the bucket on the back deck to fill with water instead of rinsing it in the hand sink.

Yarrow was already at the radio seat when May came in and washed her hands. "Public announcement says we should stay in place until around three," he said over his shoulder. He turned, pulled the mic to his mouth, and said, "Miss Williams? It's Yarrow-...No, we're okay, we're just stuck about half an hour south of Chocolate Smudge. Miss May is waiting for a call from Azri. Could you connect her call to the runabout when she calls?"

Pia didn't know, and May crossed to her pilot's chair, rolling the writing desk extension over the navigation console. Yarrow walked Pia through the steps of forwarding a radio call.

"The shop radio would be better, but I know your Silverling's radio can do it," said Yarrow. "If you have any questions I can help when she calls."

Yarrow ended the call soon after while May retrieved a blanket from one of the storage cupboards.

"Would you like a blanket, Yarrow?" she asked, throwing a fuzzy blue blanket patterned with ducks over her shoulders. Yarrow accepted a blanket and asked if she kept any books in the emergency supplies to pass the time. May did have an emergency supply of books.

"I didn't know the Alistair Antzera movies were based on a book series," said Yarrow wonderingly. In the runabout, May kept about a dozen of the forty-six "Love In The" books, manuals for her equipment, her secret stash of candy (which she told Yarrow was just a spare coffee can), and old issues of Airships Monthly.

"I was surprised to learn that too," May yawned, resting her head on her arms on the writing desk. She dozed off, listening to Yarrow flipping the pages of Love in the Submarine Base.

"You don't seem to understand the gravity of your situation, Mr. Liliaceae," said a short black-haired Haman woman. She and two other Haman men sat in Nelumbo Nucifera's office, with its fancy desk, deep burgundy carpet, and overstuffed sleeper couch. The couch was for appearances only: it was considered professional for Andyne businessmen to keep a spare bed in their office space, the association being that they were dedicated and worked late nights. Del didn't have much experience with her great-uncle, or whatever relation he was to her, but she knew he was staying at plusher lodgings in Eternal Autumn while his lackeys bussed out to the World Sleeper's compound.

Del wanted to slouch forward but didn't want to compress her bladder. It was her fault that she hadn't used the bathroom before she left, and she was tempted to simply unzip her pants and piss on the floor. Surely it couldn't make anything worse.

"Don't call me Shirley," Del snorted to herself.

"Mister Liliaceae," the haman woman said slowly. Her face was stony but her long ears twitched and betrayed her annoyance. "You were found with a stolen hydrostasis unit and additional company property in your room," she told him sternly. She, nor her two cohorts, had bothered to introduce themselves.

"She's a baby, not 'additional company property.'" Del's heart was racing. The paperwork sat in front of her, awaiting her signature. Despite the prior warning from Clay and Althea, reading the paperwork still made her sick to her stomach.

"You gave it a name," snorted one of the men, who sat on either side of the woman reading some papers of his own. She silenced him with a sharp look.

"Who gave you the unit?" asked the woman.

"I found it in the patients' lounge," Del lied. "I don't know who left it there." She thought again of pissing on the floor and it gave her a warm throb against the crotch of her uniform pants. Althea had made sure Del's work clothes were clean for this occasion, and Del had slicked her hair back in a low ponytail.

"How did you know it wasn't a patient in that unit, Mr. Liliaceae?" asked one of the men.

"Well you just referred to her as 'additional company property," Del scoffed.

Half an hour later, the woman and her cohorts stood up.

"Mr. Liliaceae, we're going to take a lunch break and deliberate-"

"It's eight-thirty in the morning," said Del in a mocking singsong voice. She hadn't been cooperative at all: she wanted to keep the suspicion away from Clay and Althea and had tried to do that by making herself the biggest pain in the ass that she could. If she reacted the way they expected, pleasant, "professional," compliant, and quiet, Nelumbo's lackeys would take her from the facility that morning and the operations to remove her wings could start at any time. Del had to find a way to both distract and disgust them, and her full bladder would serve the latter nicely once they were gone.

"Fine. We're going to take a *meal* break. If you decide to sign the form, you're free to go once the operations are finished, but after your behavior this morning I have little faith in you having a change of heart."

Del stared at her knees, her cock pulsating hotly beneath her uniform. The way she sat hid it, and she kept it hidden until they left, locking the door behind them.

_____________________________________________________________________

Part 85. I've been out showing relatives some beaches. It's been cool seeing that more people are reading my stuff; thank you to everyone who does! I appreciate the support on this, my weird passion project that nobody asked for but I write tons of anyway. ❤️

*139*2024-09-10 21:35

Part 86:

"I thought I'd grow out of it," said Della. They stood outside the Limpet with Cyan, umbrellas lowered in the drizzly morning while Azri spoke to Avaris inside. "Like...I'd have my period and suddenly feel like a girl. Then I didn't. What about you? Mom said you told her and it's okay if you tell me." Cyan thought Della looked like Timmy Turner in their pink shirt and blue pants, whoever Timmy Turner was. Cyan was back in their shorts and festival sweater, though they wished they'd worn an extra shirt under it in the morning chill. The sky above was aching white, with opaque blue-gray clouds on the horizon.

Cyan swung Avi's umbrella idly in their hands. "Sometimes I relive memories from other people in my dreams. There's a girl named A.T. who lived in a Laputian construct growing up and had two kids, but it's also Avi and Pia for some reason."

"Weird," said Della, twitching their mouse-colored catlike ears. "Is that how you knew?"

"Yeah. I don't feel any different when I'm them. Not even when I'm reliving the birth of A.T.'s second child." The memory made Cyan inhale sharply. "It'd be nice if she didn't remember the pain so well, though."

"That's crazy," Della said in a tone of agreement. "What'd Mom say about it?"

"Almost the same thing," said Cyan. "She wants to try that forehead thing where she enters my dreams next week." The door to the Limpet opened behind them and Azri strode out and approached Cyan and Della.

"I gave Avaris all the contact info, both to our hotel room and the nurse's station in Segoe," she told Cyan. "Were you two able to have your conversation?"

"I think so," said Cyan. They exchanged a glance and Della nodded. "Thanks, Della."

"It's always nice to meet another them," said Della. "You stay safe while we're gone, alright?"

"What they said," echoed Azri. "Alright, Delly. Let's bounce! We have a storm to race."

"How far south is it supposed to go?" Della asked Azri as they hurried away.

Avi was waiting for Cyan when they entered the Limpet and lifted her skirt. "I think our treatments are working," she said excitedly, showing them the pale twists of scar tissue on her thigh. The bottom third of her scar where they'd focused the "treatments" was noticeably fading. "And Yarrow left the last half of the festival bun for you. It's in the fridge."

Cyan's stomach fluttered as they crossed the room, pushing down the elastic on their shorts. It wasn't urgent, but they did need to go. "That sounds good."

The Haman woman "interviewing" Del had left her coffee mug on the desk. Del sat staring at it for twenty minutes, wondering how full it was and thinking about how much she'd like to pee in it. Del wasn't tied up or restrained for the interview and got up from her chair. She tiptoed around the desk as though her interviewers would burst into the room if she was too loud and picked up the mug. It was heavy and made of a ceramic material that felt like metal. Del forgot what it was called but knew it was expensive, and the mug was just over three-quarters full. Del twisted off the top. She was contemplating dumping it out to piss in it when the lock on the hall door clicked. Del stared at the door dumbly, the mug and lid in her hands.

The man who entered was Haman, but Del knew his name. He wore his day clothes instead of his uniform and looked especially short and wide in his plain khaki button-up shirt and white linen pants.

"Alvin?" said Del, putting the mug down.

"Hey, Del. I overheard the suits in the office cafeteria," said Alvin, looking even more tired than usual. He carried the plastic pail that he used to tote around his meals: Alvin never ate in the cafeteria if he could help it, and would take his food elsewhere to eat it. He held the pail up at his shoulder height. "I sat down to eat for once, and they came in talking about how they'd leave you locked in here until tonight, so I thought I'd get out of there and bring you something."

It had only been five or six days since Del and Alvin sat through sixteen hours of training videos together, but to Del, it felt more like five or six years. They couldn't leave the suite of rooms that comprised the security office on the days they watched the videos, so they'd brought their lunches. The central break room and bathrooms were the only doors their security head had left unlocked. Left to choose between eating in the bathroom and with Del in the break room, Alvin had reluctantly eaten with Del. The two of them ate five meals together in total during four days of boring, long-winded training videos, and by the third meal, Alvin didn't seem to dread lunchtime anymore.

In Nelumbo's office, Alvin had brought Del an assortment of things he'd seen in her lunch: donuts, conchas, tea, a hot sandwich, and a candy bar. Alvin plopped down on the couch and started unwrapping his half-eaten sandwich and picking up where he left off. Del sat at the desk, pushing back the coffee mug.

"You're not thinking of peeing in that thermos, are you?" Alvin asked.

"Do you know why I'm in here?" sighed Del.

Alvin had taken a bite and took a second to swallow his food before responding: "They found Althy's daughter in your room and I'm betting the word they used for her is...'Company assets?'"

Del unwrapped her sandwich: a meatball sub, still hot from the machine's quick-toasting oven. She set it down to cool and picked up a concha instead. "Company property," said Del, taking an angry bite out of her pastry. "Are they really going to leave me here?"

"They called for a bus to be ready to take them back to town as I was leaving," said Alvin, pulling something from his pocket with his free hand. He gestured tossing it and Del held up her hand, catching it by the antenna. She flipped the power switch and listened to a bus driver discussing an imminent departure with a dispatcher.

"They're exiting the building now. Just have someone waiting at the station. My shift was supposed to end at six-thirty this morning," the driver said plaintively. Del turned it off as the dispatcher said, "No guarantees."

Alvin snorted and opened his soda for a drink. "The equipment auditors are gone and Reteena's the only security person working right now. She's at the gate all day. If you stay out of the office wing, it's just us chickens and five docs. Keep the walkie on you, and you can listen in on the bus too."

"Did they talk about how long they'd be gone?" asked Del.

Alvin shook his head, chewing his sandwich.

"And they were going to leave me locked in here for hours?"

"Does that surprise you?" Alvin asked. "Either one of the higher-ups is really pissed at you, or you have something they want."

Del set down her concha. Thinking about it made her feel queasy, though at least it distracted her from her throbbing bladder. "My wings."

"Well, if you don't want to stay here, Clay and I have been talking. We were going to leave with Dr. Moss tomorrow night, but now that WS knows about Cass, Clay's staying here. Since his spot is vacated, we thought we'd offer it to you."

"How are we going to explain my absence?" Del's hands were shaking and she suddenly needed to pee more than ever.

Alvin smiled. "Clay and I thought of that an hour ago. They wouldn't send anyone searching for us, but the suits have an interest in you. It's best if I don't tell you now, especially since you won't be involved."

Del ate the rest of her lunch on autopilot, barely tasting it. When they left they disposed of their lunch wrappers and boxes in the hospital wing cafeteria. Without realizing she was doing it, Del followed Alvin when he hastily left and speed-walked to keep up in the maze of hallways. Alvin lost Del somewhere in the lower office wing. She stepped into a wide, sunny room where the impressions of cubicles sat in a grid on the floor. A puddle of black printer ink had soaked into the floor near the far corner. Del stepped forward, hearing a brief chorus of voices behind her. People were coming.

Del scrambled for the nearest door, marked "LAKE ACCESS EAST" and "FIRE EXIT." She closed the door quietly as the group of people who owned the voices emerged into the former office.

"Caz said there were secret passages here," said one of the voices, a young haman man. Del descended a set of stairs leading to a hallway of ground-floor office suites. She missed the last stair and landed heavily on one foot, bracing herself for a loud noise that didn't come: the floor was solid, and her landing only produced a muffled thud. Del's landing reflex kicked in and she glanced around for a bathroom. There wasn't one in the hall, so she started trying the office doors. The closest door was unlocked, and Del dove through it.

Still afraid she'd alerted the group of haman office workers, Del eased the door shut behind her. Upstairs, the door to the big room creaked open. Del flipped the lock slowly and quietly on the door and backed away in short shuffling steps, pressing her thighs together. She could hear the rushing and splashing of water but didn't look around, assuming it was from the lake outside the wide glass windows. The sound weakened her hold on her bladder and she clenched up. The office Del had entered looked like an executive suite, which sometimes meant a private bathroom.

The door at the top of the stairs closed again, cutting off the voices. Del turned around and immediately made eye contact with Alvin, suddenly realizing that the loud splashing was coming from him. The office was still fully furnished, as though its occupant might return, and Alvin stood copiously emptying his bladder into a drawer in the large, fancy desk.

"Hi, Del," Alvin said lamely, blushing to the tips of his pointed ears.

Del could feel herself starting to let go. She could deny the landing reflex, but she didn't want to go through that again. "You uh..." she gulped. "Got another drawer I can go in?" Del stood on a fancy plush rug, the same gray as the office carpet. She unbuttoned her pants and Alvin's blush darkened.

"Anywhere is fine," he gulped. "I'm just trying to soak this place before I leave."

A shiny name plate sat on the desk among various small bottles, cups of pens, inkwells, mineral spirits, and standing decorative paper stars. Del leaked into her pants as she rounded the desk, and her cock was embarrassingly stiff when she brought it out, already dribbling piss on the fancy emblazoned blotter. She aimed at the nameplate and relaxed, blasting it with a strong stream.

"I'm guessing you don't like 'Cystines N'enhardis, Personnel Coordinator, Thirty-nine great years?'" Del read aloud as the nameplate slid backward on the desk from the pressure of her stream. "Sounds like one of those anatomical Haman names."

Alvin shrugged. He aimed his impressive stream up from the drawer full of papers and helped Del push the metal nameplate away from them until it shot off the desk and clattered to the plush rug. Del aimed her stream at a cup of pens while Alvin returned his to the drawer of papers.

"She stranded me out here," Alvin sighed. "If I'd known Cysti would stop coming here three years ago, I would've done this much sooner-"

The door from the large office room banged open in the hallway, and the chorus of voices from before stampeded down the stairs. The cup of pens Del had slowly been pushing to the edge of the desk stopped moving and she opened another drawer to piss in instead.

One of the voices asked, "Can you hear water-"

"We're right next to the lake, Jin," said one of the voices. One of the group outside gave the office door a half-hearted push and moved on to the next. Del and Alvin froze until the outside door banged shut.

Del gulped, "When they round the corner they'll see us." The office had a second door to the cement docks on the shore, and the outer doors there eventually led to that area. Del was almost finished, but not that close. Her heart raced.

When Del looked at Alvin, it was hard to tell whether or not he was still pissing because he was using both hands to hide his dick.

"This office has custom blacked-out windows," Alvin breathed. "I supervised the installation six years ago." His face was brilliant red, but Del didn't have time to comment on it. The group - three young haman men, a young human woman, and two middle-aged haman women - strolled by on the cement dock, enjoying the sun. None of them even glanced at the windows on their way to a wider seating area close to the courtyard.

Del let out a breath she didn't realize she'd been holding. She finished, but Alvin's rapid stream went on for about another twenty seconds. He must've been absolutely bursting to pee in Nelumbo's office, Del realized, and she wondered how long he'd been saving it up.

"You know, that's a good idea," mused Alvin, staring at the window.

"What's a good idea?" Del asked, shaking off into the desk drawer.

Alvin's face couldn't go any redder. "Is this...a rendezvous?"

"If you want it to be," said Del. "It doesn't have to. I just walked in on you."

"As long as we don't uh..." Alvin finished, shook off, and let his dick stand in the air. It was easily 25cm long, circumcised, and not even fully hard yet. Del found herself somewhat intimidated, even though Alvin was more than a head shorter than she was. "I'm...I have a husband. But I could use some help ruining this office since I only get two days to do it." Alvin looked up at Del half hopeful and half defiant.

"Rendezvouses don't have to involve any touching," said Del. "Or even anything sexual. All that's really required is two people and 'absolute candor.'"

Alvin's face relaxed. "Oh, is that what that is? From what I learned in school I thought it just meant 'compartmentalized honesty.'"

"Well it's still compartmentalized," snorted Del. "Is there something you'd like to do?"

Despite himself, Alvin giggled, nodding. "Semen does something to the chemical composition of the blackout film. I'm not sure what exactly, but it reverses the blackout effect if you leave it on too long." He grasped himself.

###

Friendship rendezvous! Also pic of Alvin again for visual reference. I've been unproductive in writing so I did some editing instead, and have this part to post today.

