School Nightmare

Author: Alex62

*000*2019-12-27 03:54

Jaeden was a senior in High School and he had his end of year exams. He was wearing short jean shorts and a red shirt. Although he was a senior he was short for his age.

As he got into the Exam room he took a seat in the back and he crossed his legs. Jaeden was nervous he had to do good to get into a good college. He took out a water bottle and took a big gulp out of it. He sat there for 5 minutes before the teacher, Mr. Jackson walked in.

Mr. Jackson took attendance and handed out the exams. “Now no Phones at all and if you have one turn it off and that’s goes with any other electronic device and give it to me, also no one may leave the room” Mr. Jackson said “you may now begin”.

Nervously Jaeden opened his test book and started to work. Jaeden uncrossed his legs and felt a tingle in his bladder. He had to pee but it was not bad so he put it to the back of his mind. Crossing his legs again just in case he got back to work.

After an hour and a half Jaeden felt like he was doing good. He stopped and took another gulp of his water that was now on his desk. He uncrossed his legs to to drink the water which was a huge mistake. With that and his gulp of water he realized just how badly he had to pee. He quickly crossed his left leg over his right and twitched his left foot to take his mind off his need to pee.

Jaeden had to pee so bad. Looking around to see if anyone was watching him and saw that no one was his moved his left hand from his knee to his crotch. “Thank god I’m in the back” Jaeden thought. As he started to work on his exam again he felt himself leak into his briefs.

Jaeden dug his hand into his crouch so hard to stop the flow he could swear he left marks though his cloths. He heard a quiet voice over him “you okay, Jaeden?” asked Mr. Jackson who now stood at Jaeden’s desk. Jaeden quickly pulled his hand away “Im fine sir” Jaeden said. Mr. Jackson look bothered by Jaeden’s behavior but he said “get back to work” and walked away.

Watching him as he walked away Jaeden felt another leak but longer this time. He returned his hand to his crouch and only when he knew he would not leak again he moved his hand to look at his short jean shorts. There was a baseball size wet spot on his short jean shorts. “F###” said Jaeden under his breath. He crossed his legs to hide it.

Swinging his foot Jaeden knew if he didn’t go to the bathroom soon he would soak himself. So his got Mr. Jackson’s attention and he walked over to Jaeden’s desk. “Can I please use to bathroom Sir” Jaeden asked him once he was at his desk. “Your know the rules here, only after you finished the exam”.

“But, sir, it’s an emergency please” begged Jaeden. “No Jaeden, unless you want a 0” said Mr. Jackson. Jaeden sighed as Mr. Jackson walked away.

Jaeden crossed his legs again and did his best to hold it as he got back to work. He managed to last another 10 minutes and Mr Jackson announced “5 minutes left”. Jaeden smiled thinking he would make it but to his horror he realized he couldn’t uncross his legs without peeing his short jean shorts much less stand up. Jaeden closed his eyes and let out a sigh as he uncrossed his legs. He felt as warm, wet pee left his body and soaked his short jean shorts. It wet his gray briefs and his shorts as it made a puddle on his seat. Once it filled his seat it dropped on the floor making a puddle around his chair.

It felt so good he had to let out a moan of pleasure. After what seemed like an hour he finished peeing. Jaeden opened his eyes as he finished and saw that everyone including Mr. Jackson. Embarrassed he jumped out of his seat, when he stood up his pee dripped down his legs making another pee puddle at his feet. Everyone started to laugh, Embarrassed Jaeden ran out of the room and to the bathroom.

Once in a stall he look at his short jean shorts and saw that they were soaked, with tears in his eyes he took them off exposing his gray briefs. He looked at them and saw they were also soaked. Jaeden sat on the toilet in only his briefs and crossed his legs crying and wondering what to do.

