The Wet Suit Challenge! [And maybe other Faust Stories if he writes them]

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2022-07-26 01:20

Hey, turns out Faust is alive, and he's got some new content finally!

(Even if it's not the most original idea, it's an idea that was had and thus is being put to paper, proverbially)

[The Wet Suit Challenge]

###

'This is stupid......I shouldn't have done this...'

Lingering thoughts, as the path to salvation was blocked off by a veritable herd of other people, all crowding around the entrance...

One small look, one turn, one twist of the neck, or one slight fumble, and it would all be over for her....

'I shouldn't have let myself get egged on like this..'

A few hours prior.....

###

"So, have you seen the latest Tren-Door Challenge?"

"No, I don't do those stupid internet challenges."

"Awww, but some of them are really cool!"

It was a hot, summer morning as the two friends quibbled over the validity of Internet videos, and the fame that would or would not come from them.

Perpetuating the spread of Internet content, was a slender girl with bright green eyes and bobbed blonde hair, who was getting increasingly pouty as their discussion went on.

Deciding to ignore the current trends for the sake of a healthier mindspace, was a noticeably curvier girl with lightly tanned skin, and wavy dark hair draped over her shoulders.

"It's really just a bunch of people putting themselves out there for the world to gawk at, or mock.." the Raven haired girl started, as she leaned back in her seat, relishing the AC. "You really shouldn't get so worked up about these things, Minnie."

"But isn't that cool?!" the blonde snipped, leaning forward and over the table between them. "You could do something that the whole world could see! You'd be famous, like a movie star, Amelia! You could be the next Koz-Mo, or even..."

"I don't know if I want the world to see me doing stuff." Amelia responded flatly, as one of the servers sat down their drinks and some snacks. "Hell, I don't want some of the people in this Cafe to even look at me, if I can be frank."

"I...Don't think the name Frank is Available." Minnie responded, thumbing through her phone and taking a quick sip. "A lot of the good ones are taken. You'd need a bunch of numbers on it, or..."

"Not like that, Minnie." Amelia groaned, rubbing her head slightly. "But, I imagine you didn't call me out here just to discuss internet videos..."

There was a slight pause as Amelia gestured for her friend to lead in, but the girl merely raised her drink to her lips, and started to sip aggressively, avoiding eye contact with her.

Amelia got a sinking feeling in her stomach, as she watched Minnie keep sipping and slurping......Until she finally pulled back, the ice rattling in her cup.

"Ahhhh... That was nice! Another, please!" she called out to a server, who took her glass to refill. Amelia gave her a stern look, and lowered her eyes.

"You.... didn't really just pull me out here to talk about videos, did you?" she asked, a bit less sure her friend wouldn't do something as stupid as that, as Minnie turned her phone around.

"Well, Kinda sorta!" She called, tapping at her screen. "Here, look at this! It's the latest Trend on Tren-Door! The Wet Suit challenge!"

Amelia hesitantly took Minnie's phone at this and tapped at the screen, where a girl with red hair pulled into a ponytail stood in the middle of the screen. wearing a blue, one-piece swimsuit.

"Hey everybody, it's Mari-Star with the hottest new challenge...!" the girl called, as the camera pulled back. "The Wet Suit challenge!"

Amelia scowled slightly at the girl's pep, but kept watching for her friend's sake, as the area around the girl suddenly changed, to walking down what was very clearly a street.

"The Wet Suit Challenge is pretty Simple..." Mari-Star's voice called out. "You just have two goals! Well, three if you count getting the swimsuit..."

Amelia rolled her eyes at this, before the redhead suddenly knelt down and closed her eyes, letting out a deep sigh.

"Step one....Get your swimsuit Wet..." She softly groaned out, as the camera panned around to show her.....Peeing through the swimsuit?!

"Minnie, What the fuck?" Amelia snapped, looking up to see her friend sipping at a second drink already. "Did you just flashbang me with..."

"Shhh, shhh.." the blonde called, holding up her fingers. "Keep watching!"

Amelia bit her tongue as she wanted to continue, but decided for the sake of her friend's dignity (And the gawking guests nearby) that she wouldn't shout out that she basically was seeing the equivalent of a softcore video, as the redhead finally stopped pissing, a sizable puddle under her.....As she kept walking again.

"And the hard part.." She continued, a little flush on her cheeks. "Is to get to a body of water without anyone noticing you peed! A pool, a lake! You could even fall in a mall fountain if you really wanted...!"

The girl suddenly ducked behind a tree as some people walked around the corner, the camera panning to follow her as they paced past.

"Just don't let anyone know you wet, until..."

There was a smash cut, and the red haired girl leaped into an empty pool, splashing about and undoing her ponytail..... Coming out of the water soaking wet from head to toe.

"You get soaked! That way, nobody's the wiser!" Mari-Star mused. "Just be careful to not be seen, or you'll never hear the end of it! Now, who's brave enough to take on the Wet Suit Challenge? If you are, reply to this video with your own! I'll choose a winner within the week, and they'll get..."

Amelia passed the phone back aggressively at this, scowling darkly at her friend.

"So, what was the fucking point in that?" she borderline snarled, as Minnie motioned for another glass. "You just show me... that, in a public area, where anyone could have seen and.."

'Well, it's kinda sorta related to what I wanted you to help me with..." Minnie answered, poking her fingers together. "You see, well... I.....Um..."

Amelia took a sip of her drink, closing her eyes and grimacing.

'Please.....Don't tell me she..'

"I want to take the challenge!" Minnie called. "I've been subbed to Mari-Mari for so long, and I've never been able to really get in on the challenges before the timegates are up.... And this one's got that HUGE prize of..."

"I'm not helping you.." Amelia interrupted, rubbing her brow. "I don't care what the reward is.."

"Ah, But Ameeeee!" Minnie pouted again. "Please! I don't know anyone else I know who can do this! Everyone else is busy studying, or off on some vacation, or..."

"What about that one creep?" Amelia quipped. "I'm sure he'd love to see you pissing yourself..."

"Ah, No! No way, I couldn't ask him..!" Minnie added, turning bright red. "Like, I know it's a pretty...um... Unorthodox challenge, but there's nobody else whose Camerawork, and Handywork I trust!"

Amelia gave Minnie a stern look, as the blonde leaned over the table again.

"Please, Ame! I'll do anything to make it up to you!" She pleaded. "i'll do your homework! Buy you dinner! Buy you dinner for like, a week! A month, even! I'll introduce you to my brother, I'll.."

"Ugh... You're so needy.." Amelia groaned again, as she took another sip of her drink. "If I do this, you need to stop trying to get me on Tren-Door. Understood? This is a one time thing."

"I love you!" Minnie called out, beaming as bright as the overbearing sun, making Amelia smile, in spite of her annoyance. They'd been friends since middle school, but sometimes the girl was just... Out there. Amelia motioned for another drink as she sighed internally, closing her eyes as she thought again.

'Better me than some creep who'd probably take advantage..' she thought to herself. 'And this way, I can make sure she doesn't get herself in too much trouble..'

"Oh, by the way, we need to do it today." Minnie added, prompting Amelia to spit out her drink mid-thought.

"Pffft..... What?! Why today?!" Amelia snapped, as Minnie poked her fingers together nervously.

"Well, I erm... I was worried I couldn't convince you.." she started, pinkening a little. "So, I kinda... sort of.. spent a few days working up the courage to.."

"You're killing me, Minnie. You're actually killing me." Amelia responded. "I immediately regret helping you with this."

"Ah, but don't worry!" Minnie called. "I erm... I already...You know..."

The blonde lifted her light blue tank top, showing off a fluffy-white bikini top under it.

"I'm already wearing a swimsuit under this... And.....I mean.."

Minnie gestured at the trio of beverages emptied in front of her, as Amelia rolled her eyes.

"Alright, fine...." She called. "But, we gotta go to my dorm so i can grab my suit, and Camera. Understood?"

"Y..Yeah! Of course!" Minnie piped up, jumping out of her seat energetically. "So, let's g-"

"After I finish eating.." Amelia cut her off, prompting her to sit back down.

"O-Oh... Yeah, of course..." Minnie responded sheepishly, averting her friend's gaze. "Sorry, I'm just... Excited, you know?"

"Yeah, of course." Amelia called, as she slowly sipped at her second drink, taking her time with her food.

About half an hour after the egregious agreement, Amelia finally pushed her plate forward and pushed her chair back.

"Alright, let's head to my dorm." Amelia called, as Minnie bounced up from her seat, lightly hopping in place.

"Yeah! Let's go!" she called, hopping from foot to foot as the two started out of the cafe together.

It was just under a two mile walk from the cafe back to the college they both attended, with a few extra blocks to the on-site dorms. As the large school building finally came into view, Amelia turned to her friend.

"So, you do know what you're going to be doing, right?" She called, as the blonde nodded.

"It's simple, really..!" She mused, lightly kicking up her feet as they walked. "You'll get changed, we'll head to the school gym pools, I'll find someplace quiet to erm... deal with my swimsuit... And then, I'll just run really fast, and dive in before anyone can see it!"

"Deal with your swimsuit? What do you mean by that?" Amelia remarked, giving a slight smirk. "Why, do you think it's gonna come undone on the way there?"

"No! Of course it's not gonna come undone!" Minnie responded back a little too quickly. "I'll just.. Have to...you know...Make it.....wet..."

"Make it what?" Amelia interjected again. "You mean, splash some water on it?"

"No! Of course not!" Minnie added, now starting to blush as she shifted in place. "I'll have to.... you know... p...P..P..."

"Pee?" Amelia teased some more, as Minnie suddenly stopped, and lightly pressed her hands against herself.

"N...Nnnnghh.. Don't make me think about that.." she reprimanded. "Those drinks are already going through me. But, i can't do that until at least you get the camera..!"

"Shouldn't have had so many." Amelia lightly reprimanded back, as they kept walking. "It's bad enough when you need to pee, but it always just gets worse when you know you can't, doesn't it?"

Minnie shuddered, as Amelia grinned a bit wider, as they kept pace.

"Like when you're in one of those big, 30% of your grade tests..." She started. "Or on a long car ride.... Or when your brother's taking a shower in the bathroom, and you can't..."

"THAT ONLY HAPPENED ONCE!" Minnie cried out, before blushing deeply. "I...I mean... Shutup! We gotta keep moving!"

Amelia chuckled slightly, but refused to hasten her pace even a step for her friend's foolhardy preparations, regardless of her pleas. It had been nearly a full hour by the time the two made it to the outside of the dorms, and Minnie was starting to shudder and bounce in place without any teasing.

"P...Perhaps You could...go up and get your stuff?" Minnie asked, quietly. "Th..that way I don't have to walk up there with...You know.."

"Oh, but what are you going to do with your clothes?" Amelia added. "Don't tell me you're going to just toss them off in public somewhere? What if someone saw you stripping?"

Minnie's face reddened at this, as she shook her head.

"W..Well, my room's on the top floor, but I don't wannagothatfarup." She stammered. "C..can I justlikeLeavetheminyours?"

Amelia chuckled darkly, as she started up.

"Why? Afraid of some stairs?" she asked, as Minnie puffed up.

"N..No..!" She exclaimed, taking an aggressive first and second step.... Before knocking her knees together, and whimpering.

"Okaymaybealittle...justcameout.."

Amelia almost felt bad for her friend at this point, so she started in without her, and moved about the dorm halls. Her room was on the second floor, but since she hadn't guzzled down so many drinks at the cafe, she wasn't exactly afraid of all the jostling. A few paces here, a twist and a turn there, and she was outside of her room.

"Wonder what I should wear.." she thought to herself as she started in, tossing her things onto her bed, and moving to her dresser. She had a few options, mostly red, purple, and navy.... But, as she kept thumbing through the various outfits, taking her sweet time, she eventually settled on the opposite of her friend's color: A nice, black material that hugged her curves nicely.

"Just hope there's not too many creeps there today.." she mumbled to herself as she changed garments, tossing her regular clothes down and stepping into her bikini. As she was tying the back however, a sensation came to the front of her mind..

Pang....

"Gn.....Of course.." She stated flatly, rolling her eyes. "I'll just tell her to wait a bit longer, so I can.."

THUMPTHUMPTHUMP

"AME, PLEASE HURRY UP!" the voice of her friend nearly made her jump out of her skin, as she snapped around.

"I just changed! Gimme a sec!" she snapped back, moving to her desk to pull out her camera. She had dabbled in cinematography, but of all the things for her to have to use this on..

""AME PLEASE! I'M NOT GONNA MAKE IT!" Minnie yelled, as she opened the door, Minnie's eyes watering, and face flushed from the strain. "Ame, Please! We need to go NOW!"

"Come on, you're a big girl." Amelia responded flatly. "You can hold it a little longer. You know you didn't actually have to come up here, right?"

"Well, I didntwant anyone to..." Minnie stammered, squirming and shaking in place. "Eugh..! Not important! Let's get moving, NOW, please!"

"Hang on, I'm gonna go to the bathroom first.." Amelia started, as Minnie suddenly tossed her shirt and skirt at the girl, having already taken them off, apparently.

"No time! WE GOTTA GO OUTSIDE NOW OR I'M GONNA FLOOD YOUR CARPET!" the blonde threatened, as Amelia chuckled, but relented.

"Alright, fine Princess of Piddle." she taunted. "Let's get out of here, and get you to your potty, so the world can know you're incontinent already."

"I...Am not...!" Minnie puffed up again, before wincing and writhing. "Nnnghh!! Okay, okay please let's-just-get-going-now-pleasepleaseplease..!"

As amusing as taunting the girl was, even Amelia had her limits, and knew Minnie would be hitting hers soon. So, rather than torture the girl by making her wait through her own bathroom trip, Amelia relented to heading outside, camera in tow as the blonde followed more than a few steps behind her... Squeaking and shaking with every step they took down the staircases.

"O..Okay..! Okay, let's just-start-it-right-here...!" Minnie called as soon as they took a step outside. "GetthecameraoutsoIcanPee..!"

"Ah, but you said so yourself.." Amelia called. "You gotta get somewhere quiet to... deal with your swimsuit. I'd say the front of the dorms is hardly quiet. What if he walked by and saw you.."

"Okayyeahtrue.." Minnie groaned. "But...please....can we hurry? Like, HURRY hurry?"

"Fine, fine.."

It was a very lively, jittery, and quivery walk for the two, as Minnie kept gasping and shuddering with each step.... Aggressively inhaling through clenched teeth as both of her hands buried into the white swimsuit bottom. Every few dozen steps or so, she'd freeze up and let out a troubled whimper, but if she was truly leaking as she said, Amelia couldn't see it. It felt like another hour or so before they came to the gate separating them from the school's communal pool, and Amelia turned to her friend.

"Okay, Pool's right there." she called. "Let's just head to the side here, and we can get your little show started, Minnie."

"ThankGod...!" the girl gasped, groaning and bending forward. "I...I don't think I can hold it much more...! It's..It's gonna come out.."

Amelia rolled her eyes at her repetitive friend's wails, glancing to the side as she gestured.

"Over here. Lean against the tree, and i'll start the camera." she called, thumbing out the camera. "It'll keep you hidden, and it'll make for a good shot."

"O...O..Okay...!"

Amelia unscrewed the lens cap, and focused it on her friend's trembling, shuddering figure.... Starting to angle it downward to her knocking knees, and trembling thighs.... Partly for the fact she was going to be focusing on it, and partly to help with keeping the girl Anonymous on the internet. Even if Minnie wanted to be famous for something so... vulgar, Amelia wouldn't let her friend completely out herself for the world to see...

Eventually, after about a minute of quaking, Minnie leaned against the tree, as Amelia gestured.

"And... recording.." she called, as Minnie tried to stand up straight.

"H...H..Hi... It's...Minerva...8005.." Minnie stated, trembling. "H...Here...answering the...the wet suit.."

Amelia rolled her eyes and sighed.

'Why did she use her real name..' she thought, as the girl tensed up.

"Ch...challenge..!"

Amelia kept the camera focused on Minnie's bikini bottoms, trembling thighs, and bloated belly. Though she felt a bit awkward ogling her friend through the camera feed, it only really hit her how awkward it seemed after a few minutes passed, and...

"Minnie, Why aren't you peeing?" Amelia snapped sharply, as the girl blushed bright red and clasped her hands over her face.

"I...I don't think I can do this..!" she stammered, shaking and trembling. "I...I..I haven't ever peed myself on purpose before..!"

"Ugh... Now you're saying this.." Amelia groaned. "Just... think of waterfalls... Or like, Rivers... Or exploding soda cans..!"

Minnie scrunched up her face, and tensed... But, after another minute of suffered, dry silence, Amelia rolled her eyes.

"How are you this bad at peeing?" she snapped, as Minnie whimpered.

"I...I don't know...!" she groaned. "I..I really want to, but at the same time, it just feels like...Like I really shouldn't, you know?"

Amelia shook her head, feeling her own bladder starting to pang and nag at her again, as she pinched her nose.

'I can't believe my friend is such a fucking idiot...' she thought to herself, as Minnie pouted at her again.

"D..Do you have any ideas, Ame?" She pleaded. "I..I got this far, but...But i'm just frozen up! How do you make yourself pee?!"

Amelia felt herself turn a bit red at the thought, before remembering the video, and deciding to just go for the tried and true tactic: Bullshit.

"Well, Mari knelt down before she wet." Amelia called. "Maybe that'll.."

Pssssshshhhh...spsssssshhhhh..psssshhh

"Ahhhh!!..Haaaahhhhh!!!"

Minnie's voice quickly rang out, moaning sweetly as the change in posture had an immediate effect, prompting her to start gushing and spraying, making her whole body go slack, and her mouth to gape in sheer relief.

"Ohhhhh... Ohhhhnnnn...Ohhhh... it worrrrrrkkkkkeeedd..." she groaned some more, prompting Amelia to flush a bit, and tense her legs....

Seeing the girl casually erupt in sheer, puddling bliss was more than a touch strange in many ways for her, least of which because she was recording her. Amelia turned back to the camera to notice her friend was now fully in frame, prompting her to lower the camera to focus on the girl's now-glistening thighs, and sputtering stream, darkening and lightly greying the white swimsuit bottoms she was wearing. It was a surprising show of liquid force, as the show went on for a veritable minute and a half, before starting to taper and peter off, leaving Minnie barely hovering above her puddle on shaky legs.

"Ohhhhhh Gods... That was....So much..." she groaned, with a smile. "Almost makes me wanna... Do that more often.....So warm..."

"Minnie, Focus.." Amelia started a bit more forcefully than she intended, snapping the blonde out of her trance.

"Ah, right! Gotta get the video.." she added, stumbling a bit. "C...Could you help me back to my feet please?"

Amelia averted her gaze, but moved forward to hold her hand out to the blonde, helping her out of the miniature lake she just made next to the tree. She wobbled, and she shook... But, Ultimately, Minnie kept her balance, as she nodded.

"Alright..." she called, still dripping piddle from her suit and thighs. "Now, we just gotta get a shot of me jumping into the pool, and we'll be set!"

"Yeah..." Amelia remarked quietly. "We're almost done. Just gotta make it through the door, and into the pool without being seen..."

She was starting to feel a much more nagging pressure of her own, but it would be fine. She'd get Minnie into the water, they'd close out the video, and she'd quietly slip into the bathrooms near the pool before she risked being Minnie's Encore.

As she gently opened the gate to the communal pool....

To a massive herd of classmates, all splayed about, and crowding the pool. A few glances were already turning her way, and she quickly shut the gate, prompting Minnie to pause.

"W..what's wrong Ame?" she asked, as the black haired girl dropped her gaze.

"It's packed today.." she warned. "If you go in there, someone is going to see."

Minnie's face went from lightly pink, to ghostly pale.

"Th..they'll see...." She repeated quietly, her eyes going blank. "But... If they see me..."

Amelia bit her lip, as she started to ponder...

How could she get her friend out of this situation?

###

[To be Continued...?]

(Author's note: The Wet Suit Challenge is not a real challenge. If you do this in real life, you are stupid and I will make fun of you personally.]

*005*2022-10-06 20:03

[The Wet Suit Challenge, Part 2]

"Ame, what are we going to do?" the blonde pleaded with her friend. "If we can't go in there without someone seeing, but we can't finish the video without a pool...."

"Minnie, I think you've got more important things to worry about than a damn pool!" Amelia snapped back at her friend. "You're going to be caught with... Well, with a very telling mark on that suit if you stand around, OR if you go in there."

"Awawaaaaa.... What do we do...?" Minnie whimpered, flushing a bright pink as her friend's hand held her head.

'Stupid Minnie, never thinking these things through...' Amelia internally groused. 'I should just let her stew in this.... But, the thought of some creep ogling her... Eugh...'

There was a deafening silence over the two girls, as Minnie's gaze kept shuffling left and right, looking out for anyone who would arrive. Her feet still graced the puddle of her own creation gingerly, prompting a steady flush to her face, before Amelia turned to her foolhardy friend.

"Alright, I have an idea." She called. "There's a public pool out in town a few blocks away..."

"Ah? But what if my suit dries out before we get there?" Minnie inquired. 'There's gotta be something closer, so.."

"Minnie, are you really that focused on your stupid Tren-Door challenge?" Amelia snapped, earning another long silence. "...Oh my God, you're hopeless..."

"W..Well, I mean.." the blonde nervously stammered, poking her fingers together. "I...I already peed my suit... It feels like such a waste to quit now.."

"I....ugh...Whatever.." Amelia groaned, not entirely for the matter of her friend's focus on a stupid internet trend. Truthfully, Amelia felt more than a soft pang of trouble brewing down below, but if there was one thing more important to her than bodily urges, it was helping her oh-so-stupid friend out. Though, as she started to wrack her brain...

"It doesn't... have to be a pool, right?"

"Ah?" Minnie sounded, as she tilted her head. "I...erm...I don't... think so...Lemme check."

The blonde reach for her phone, having tucked it away in her bikini top, prompting a flat look from Amelia.

"You were going to short out your phone if we'd gone in, were you?" she quipped, as Minnie bopped her friend's side.

"Ah, shaddup." she quipped back. "I wasn't gonna leave my phone in your room. I didn't forget to drop it off..."

Amelia doubted the integrity of that statement, as Minnie's phone called out.

'Get your swimsuit wet....'

Ssssshhh...Ssssssshhhh.

'And the hard part...is to get to a body of water, without anyone knowing you peed! A pool, a lake, You cou-'

"Okay, now that we confirmed that..' Amelia cut off the video, feeling her legs tense up some more as the nagging sensation pounded away at her. "There's a fountain at the front entrance of the college. You could jump into that, couldn't you?"

"Ame, you're a Genius!" Minnie mused, leaping over to hug her friend, who backed away from her hurriedly.

"Ah, no hugs while you're in peed clothes, thank you!" she rebuffed. "Let's just get over there, and get this over with already!"

Minnie pouted, but gave a small nod of understanding as she started to walk with her friend... Whose pace had been staggered more than a little, prompting her to actually move ahead.

"You know Ame, you...are wearing a swimsuit too." Minnie started, earning her a small, but vicious glare from her friend.

"Astute observation..." She bit back a bit more venomously than usual, as the blonde flanked her other side.

"And i mean.. We're about to get to a fountain...." She added, the glare darkening some more.

"Do not.."

"I mean, it wouldn't be a big deal if..."

"Minnie, i swear...."

"You just.... you know....."

"Minnie..."

"Participated in the challenge with me."

"MINNIE." Amelia snapped, stopping in place. "I told you a hundred thousand times. I'm not into these Trendor......Bullshit..Challenges.."

"But Ameeeee!" Minnie remarked. "I don't even mean the challenges! You're all shaking, and tensing. I'm just saying, you look like you really need to go anyways, and..."

"I'm....Fine..." Amelia snapped, one of her legs crossing over the other. "I'm not like you, I can.... Hold it, until this is over... And go to the bathroom."

"But it would be so much easier to...." Minnie started, as Amelia turned away.

"If you ask me one more time, you're not getting your video." she demanded, moving as if she was about to ditch her friend. Minnie quickly shifted gears, moving in front of her friend once more.

"Okayokayokay, I won't ask!" she remarked. "Just... please don't leave! We've come so far...!"

That was an understatement. She'd been at this stupid challenge thing for... what felt like a few hours, as she kept along the path with her friend, moving closer to their destination.... Stopping every few feet to keep herself in control, as she tried to busy her mind with other things.

The upcoming midterms in Calculus, the Bio lab project they'd no doubt be getting in a few days....How unbearably hot it was getting lately....

All various distractions, before Minnie called out.

"Ah..! There it is!" She piped up, snapping her concentration. "The fountain! Ame, get your Camera ready!"

Amelia breathed a tensed sigh of relief, as the end goal was in sight.

The fountain was some decoration from long before the two were even born, much less since they started attending college. It looked to be about fifteen feet high, with water that very easily, came up to one's knees (Or thighs on some of the smaller students) The water gushed upwards a few feet extra, at a steady and regular rhythm, splashing about merrily..

Pang....pang..

A noise and thought process that made Amelia bend at the knees, as she reach down for her camera.

"So.. Just gotta grab a quick video of you..." she started, pausing as her knees knocked. "Hopping in... yeah?"

"Yeah! That'll do it!" Minnie called. "Oh, though you might need to stand back to get a good shot!"

Amelia gave a tensed nod, and pulled out her camera, looking up to record her friend, still seeing the dampness on the back of her swimsuit... And more than a few drips still trailing down her thighs.

Ksssshshssshsssshsshsshsh

The sounds of the fountain were almost unbearable for Amelia, as she struggled to keep the camera steady, and Minnie turned around.

"Is it rolling?" she asked, as Amelia finally let her free hand snake down to apply some much needed pressure.

"Yeah... Yeah, Go!" she called out, as the blonde stared at the fountain for a few scant moments...

And then a few more.... And more... and more...

Amelia's legs quivered, as she started to sneer.

"Minnie! It's ready..!" She called out impatiently, as the girl lightly rubbed her head.

"Um... do you think I'll get in trouble if I.." she started, as Amelia's hand clasped over her own face.

"MINNIE, GET IN THE DAMN WATER!' She snapped, before feeling it..

Sssssh...

A small sputter of warmth, marring her dry, dark suit. It wasn't a sizable leak, by any stretch... But, it was a leak nevertheless... Which meant warning bells were now going off in her head, as she struggled to keep the camera steady.

'As soon as we get this footage, I am.......' she thought, as her hand shot back to her crotch, applying much needed pressure. 'DONE helping with these stupid..challenges..'

What was more upsetting however, was rather than getting it over with a hop, skip, and a jump, Minnie was taking her time stepping over, her foot touching the water for an instant, before quickly jerking back out.

"Ahhhh..!!! It's cold..!!!!" she snapped out, as Amelia swore sharply under her breath.

"Minnie, Get in the fucking water before I piss my pants." She snapped out way too loudly, as the blonde turned, and chuckled nervously.

"Ahaha... Ri..right, Right. Lemme just.." She called, reaching her foot over again.... Flinching as it touched the water, before slowly sinking in.

"Hurry up..!" Amelia snarled, as the blonde's body shivered wildly.

"It's like...really cold..!" she protested. "I just....Ah...Wait, right!"

Amelia groaned even louder as she squeezed herself, the blonde pulling her phone out of her bikini top again, and setting it on the side of the fountain. The raven haired girl could feel her body starting to protest all of these delays, coupled with the auditory torture that was the fountain, before finally Minnie got her other foot into the water (with another soft Yelp), and then sank down into a squat.

"Aaahaahaaahh.... It's so cold..." She griped.... "Bu...b...But...Th..that should be it, R..r..right..?"

Amelia swore in relief as she started to set the camera down, finally glad to be done with this stupid challenge....Before..

"Oh wow, good idea!"

"How come we didn't think about that?"

"The pool's so crowded..."

Voices. LOTS of voices suddenly rang out, as the raven haired girl looked to the side, seeing a few students all gazing in Minnie's direction. Several students, swimsuit clad and not, had taken notice of Minnie's temporary residence, and as if the fates themselves were conspiring against Amelia, all started to rush the fountain... All clamoring about the heat.

"Oh wow, it really IS cold!"

"You're a genius, Minerva!"

"Oh hey, is that Amelia over there recording?"

"This'll make a great yearbook shot!"

"Make sure to get my good side..!"

The raven haired girl seriously considered renouncing all religions, and thoughts of destiny, as she sat the camera down (To avoid the now rampant splashing of the crowds) and moved over to gather her foolhardy accomplice.".

"Minnie, we need to get out of here now." she whispered under her breath to the blonde, who was flushed a bright red amidst the untimely crowd.

"Ahaha..y..Y..Yeah..." she remarked.

"Oh, don't be like that Ame!"

"Come on, join in!"

A few errant splashes were flung her way, and as the absolutely freezing water made contact with her skin...

Sssssh...Sssssssssssshhhh..

It began. What was a small leak started to quickly progress to a steady sputtering spray of pent-up, vividly warm dampness, trickling through her suit, and down her thighs. The black haired girl flushed brightly, gripping her sides from the sheer chill of water, as her knees knocked and buckled from the sudden, serious spray of shame through her.

"Fountain party?! That's awesome! Count me in!"

"Hey, I thought we were gonna study after this!"

"I didn't bring my suit..!"

More voices...More people. Though she stood on the opposite side of the college entrance, more people could be heard joining in, splashing, and squabbling. Though she was standing in a steady growing puddle of warm shame, and freezing waters, Amelia couldn't bear to move a muscle...

'This was stupid....I shouldn't have done this'

Lingering thoughts, as the path to a proverbial salvation was blocked off by a veritable herd of people, crowding the entrance (And Fountain, too).

One steady enough look, one sharp turn in the right direction, one twist, one slight fumble downward, and someone would notice her folly...

The waters of her own personal fountain, rather than the artificial one.

'I shouldn't have let myself get egged on like this..'

If she hadn't gone along with her foolish friend's request for a stupid challenge, she wouldn't be in danger of complete social devastation...

If someone glanced over, or walked by and looked a little more closely, they'd notice that she wasn't...

Bwwwwooooooshhhh..

A massive splash suddenly soaked the girl from head to toe, as Minnie threw her whole figure into upending a massive bout of water, causing nothing short of a full body shudder of shock..

"G..G..G..Gah..!!! FUCK, that's cold..!" Amelia snapped out loudly,

Sssssshhhhh...ssssshhhh...sssshh..

As her body's steady trickles were the only thing keeping any semblance of warmth in her. Her face burned with shame still, as Minnie then climbed over the fountain once again, and took her friend's shoulder.

"Sorry, Sorry..." she called, giving a telling wink to her friend "Couldn't resist...splashing you, you know!"

Amelia cut Minnie a glare, but a small smile kept to her lips.... Thankful for the out, but also still very eager to get out of there.

"We've got a um..Project.." she called to the crowd of unaware students, moving over. "So, I'm just gonna grab my camera, and get going."

"Awwww, alright."

"Thanks for the Idea!"

"Eh Tu, Minnie?"

"Yeah, s..sorry! We've got a lot of work to do!" the blonde remarked with a forced smile. "Maybe next time!"

Amelia scooped her camera off of the ground, and started to head off with Minnie, heading back to her door room with only a few passing gazes from their soaking wet, swimsuit clad figures.

"This was still a stupid fucking idea.." Amelia chided her friend, as Minnie chuckled nervously.

"Yeah.. S..sorry about all of that." she apologized again. "I'll make it up to you, I promise!"

"You'd better.." Amelia grumbled, as the two were almost dry enough by the time they reach their dorms, Amelia leading Minnie back up to her room.

"So, think you can send me the footage tonight?" Minnie asked, as Amelia plugged her camera up to her laptop.

"Yeah, I'll send it to your phone right now.." she started, clicking away. "Then, you can do whatever you need to for your stupid little Tren-Door, and..."

"Thank you.." Minnie called, before patting at herself. "....Um...Erm.. one problem with that."

Amelia rolled her eyes, and looked at her friend.

"What's the problem now?" she added, as the girl pressed her fingers together.

"I..erm... I might have left my phone... outside.." She called, nervously. "Can you send it to my email instead? Tren-Door has a site i can do vids to, too!"

"Ugh, you're actually killing me, Minnie." Amelia snapped. "I already sent it to your phone and..."

"Butbut, If I don't find it, I can't upload it in time, and I..."

"FINE....But this is the last thing." She snapped. "You're buying me so many lunches for this whole stupid favor."

"Ehehehe.... Thanks.." Minnie added. "And... Erm...If you could edit the video too.."

"I hate you sometimes, you know that?" Amelia responded, as Minnie pounced closer, squeezing her tightly in a hug and kissing her cheek.

"Love you too, Ame!" she called. "I'm going to head back now! You're the best there ever was!"

Amelia sighed deeply as the blonde started off, and she started to run through the footage. She didn't know why, or how she kept getting talked into doing more work, but she always had a soft spot for her.

"Well, time to get to work..." She grumbled, as she started to go through the footage.

Simple enough work. Some preliminary bits with Minnie walking, desperate.... The incident of her piddling herself, and then of course, the stepping into the fountain (Cutting out the bits where Minnie kept hesitating), and it would be a video.

She left in the parts of others joining in as well, intending to wrap the video there....

Before seeing that her camera had kept running after she sat it down, showing off her own... approach of the blonde, the excess of liquid passing through her own swimsuit, and the girl covering up her... incident with some splashes of water.

Amelia's face burned with shame, remembering the accident, and how close she came to social disaster, but as she cut the footage of her own involvement (And the evidence of her own shameful spraying), she breathed a sigh of relief.

"Never falling for those stupid challenges of her site again.." she muttered to herself as she added a few finishing touches, and sent the video to Minnie's email, along with a message.

'Hey, when you find your phone, delete the video I sent, delete it, okay?'

A few minutes passed, before Amelia heard the ping of a message back from her friend.

'Kk~ tysm Ame! ❤️ '

Amelia let out another, drawn out sigh, before closing her computer, going about her nightly routine, and laying down to bed.

"Hopefully, class won't suck too hard tomorrow..."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Amidst talking about the results of midterms with her friend a few days later, Amelia finally brought the conversation back around to her friend's hobby.

"How'd that challenge thing go for you?" she asked, as Minnie grinned ear to ear.

"Oh, it was a hit on Tren-Door!" Minnie mused. "After I got my phone back, I checked up on the video during the midterm. Ten thousand hits! Mari-Star's gonna announce the winner of her challenge today!"

A ding rang out from her phone, and Minnie perked up.

"Ah, there it is! C'mon, let's watch!" she called, tapping the video.

'Hey everyone, It's Mari-star with the results of my Wet suit challenge!' The redhead's voice called out, looking chipper as before. 'We had quite a few challengers this time, but one of them stood head and shoulders above the others!'

Minnie seemed to practically vibrate in her seat, as Amelia pretended to pay attention.

'This spicy vixen was very nearly a late entry, but when you see the video, you'll understand why she's the winner.'

Minnie gave a goofy smile, as Amelia mentally chided the thought of Minnie ever being a 'Spicy Vixen'...

"More like, spacey.." she quipped as Minnie elbowed her sharply, as they kept watching.

'This college girl sure knows how to get wet, and get out with style..' Mari-Star kept calling. 'And with such a close call, such boldness had to be rewarded, you know?'

Amelia raised an eyebrow, getting a sudden sinking feeling in her gut, as the video continued.

'So, with over a hundred thousand views, everyone check out our winner! A bold, tanned, temptress, whose exhibitionism knows no bounds, and whose lust for danger almost matches her viewers!"

"No..." Amelia muttered, before the footage of her shaming right next to the fountain of classfolk, concealed only by Minnie's 'Accidental' splashing was then displayed on the feed, prompting that sinking feeling to magnify.

'Links in the description below, so you can see the video yourself! Remember to like, comment, and..'

"Minnie, i told you to delete that footage!" Amelia snapped at her friend, who had gone pale as a ghost, and whose face looked just as shocked.

"Am...Ame? I thought you didn't..Do these challenges..." she stammered, prompting a glare... Met with confusion.

"...D..Didn't you get my message to delete it?" she added, as Minnie nodded.

"Yeah, I trashed it as soon as I got my phone back." she called. "Honest! Ms. Kim told me someone had turned it in the other day, and the battery was nearly dead."

"Don't you lock your phone?!" Amelia snapped, as Minnie cowered a bit.

"Y..Yeah, of course I do..!" She stated, nervously. "And... I would never.... After all you do..."

Amelia glared at her friend for a few scant minutes, before glancing down at the link in the video, to the video's source. A few moments passed as the app loaded... Changing to an unfamiliar screenname.

'HeartilyOmorashi'

....

'That's not your screenname, is it..?" Amelia asked her friend sternly, as Minnie shook her head.

"No..! No, it's not.." she snapped. "Someone must have.... But... Who..."

The two girls puzzled this for what felt like a very, very long while, before Amelia's eyes glanced down to the view count, prompting her eyes to go wide.

"...T...Two freaking Million?! What?!" she snapped, as Minnie's eyes also widened in shock.

"Two...M...M..Million.."

Ba-bump...

That meant that that video had been seen two million times. Amelia didn't know how many of those were actual people, or just repeat spammers, but the thought of so many people, seeing her in such a compromised position...

Ba-bump...

Something about it scared her... But also.... Excited her?

'Pl..please, body... Don't tell me I'm excited by this..' she thought to herself incredulously, as her cheeks reddened up, and her face heated up.

No... She wasn't into.. that kind of thing...

...

W...Was she?

=====================================================================================


