The Assistant Continued - Page 2

Author: Anubis

*025*2016-12-08 13:07

30

When the first break of the day finally arrived, at 10:50 am, the Porsche was already back on the road and Danielle and Katherine were on their way to the meeting at 11:30. By that point, the water Danielle had been given nearly an hour beforehand was already beginning its journey into her bladder. She was still able to hold it quite comfortably, but it would only be a matter of time before that changed.

This next meeting was going to be a bit different than the one she had gone to on the previous day, since this one would be located in the conference room of a small business in the next city. Danielle was also feeling a little nervous, since she would be giving a small presentation in front of the owner and some of his managers. This would be the first time that she had given a presentation after earning her degree and now her career depended on it. This of course was not the only reason to be nervous. If she were to become desperate before it was over, there was the danger of having a major accident in front of those people.

In between her legs, a half full, 20 oz. bottle of water rested on the seat and she was holding onto it with both hands. I don’t know if I want to take another sip. The first bottle is gone and I’m already halfway through the second one.

Turning her head slightly, she quickly glanced at Katherine, who had a smirk on her face again. While Danielle couldn’t be completely certain what she was thinking, she at least guessed that her boss was also expecting the same outcome that she was. It was a little scary, knowing that such a scenario was likely, but it was also exciting. She once again wanted to start playing with her clit, through the material of the gray panties that she had been given before the two of them left Andrews’ Corp.

Katherine replaced her smirk with a smile and glanced at Danielle. “So, how do those panties feel on you?”

Danielle smiled. “They feel nice. Um, do you always keep extras on hand like that?”

Katherine laughed. “Always. When my last assistant was around, they were necessary.”

Danielle’s smile faded when the previous assistant was mentioned. She still knew very little about them. After speaking with the mysterious caller that morning, she wanted to know more.

“So, who was your last assistant, Miss Andrews? I still don’t know much about your first two assistants yet.”

Katherine sighed and her smile lessened somewhat. “Well, she was an adorable redhead who was just as good of a worker as you are. Her name was Laura and she had an incredible ability to hold her pee for a very long time. Whenever she pissed herself, I was always amazed by how much came out.”

Danielle looked down at the water in her hands and began tapping the tips of her thumbs against the bottle. “Was she the one who wet herself in the lobby, or was she the one who threatened to press charges?”

Katherine’s smiled then faded entirely. “She wet herself in the lobby. She figured out what I was up to after that, but when she told me so, I convinced her that it was all in her head. A week after the incident in the lobby, she quit. She didn’t specifically say so, but I am sure it was because she couldn’t handle the stares or the occasional laughter…”

Katherine became deep in thought and then there was only silence between them. Danielle could tell that the topic they were discussing had already begun to ruin their fun again, since her own arousal was beginning to die down a little.

“Miss Andrews, maybe we could talk about something else, if you feel uncomfortable.”

Katherine gave her a quick glance and shook her head. “No, it’s not that. It’s just that, after everything you said to me earlier, I’ve been feeling guilty for what I’ve done. Please don’t feel like you are at fault for upsetting me, since I brought this upon myself. Laura was a good assistant and she would have stuck around for a long time if not for me.”

Suddenly feeling curious, Danielle found herself wondering why her boss had gone through the trouble of manipulating her assistants in the first place. She at least understood that it was a turn on for her, but if she wanted to see someone holding and wetting for her, it seemed that finding a lover who was willing to do those things would have been a far better option.

“Miss Andrews, if you don’t mind me asking, why exactly did you decide to, um, put your assistants through this?”

At first, Katherine was silent. As Danielle was already discovering, there was far more to her boss than what the eye could see. At first, she had seemed like a heartless bitch who enjoyed seeing other people in pain, but then the two of them had become lovers. Soon after, she learned that Katherine was actually capable of experiencing remorse. She may have hid it well, but it seemed that she at least felt regret for her treatment of Laura.

When at last Katherine was ready to answer, she furrowed her brow as she stared out at the freeway and the cars up ahead of them. “Before my first assistant I was on my own. I didn’t feel like I needed an assistant, but most of my competitors had one, so I eventually followed suit. Hannah, my first assistant, found herself in a desperate situation on her first day, just like you did, before the morning break started. I have liked seeing women squirm in desperation for a long time and it was exciting to see her in the predicament she had gotten herself in.”

Katherine paused for a moment and Danielle imagined what Hannah must have been experiencing. Having gone through that very same situation herself, it was easy to picture it.

Katherine smiled again as she continued to remember that morning with her first assistant. “When her first break came along, she should have just gone to the restroom, but when she realized that I was headed there also, she pretended that she was alright instead of admitting that she had to go in there, but I could see through her act.

“I offered to let her go before me, but because of her pride, she chose to remain in her office. Only five or ten minutes after the break was over, she was already begging to use the restroom. At first, I told her no, but since she was on the verge of wetting herself, I eventually let her go. After seeing her in such a desperate state right in front of me, I wanted to see it again. Later that day, I tried manipulating her so that I would see it again. Once I realized that I enjoyed it, I couldn’t make myself stop.”

Danielle took a moment to let the new information sink in. “Is it true what you said, that I was the assistant you always wanted to have?”

Smiling even wider, Katherine reached her hand over and placed it on Danielle’s thigh. “At first, I was content playing with unwilling participants, but I realized that it would be far more enjoyable to find an assistant who enjoyed it. After you came along, well, I found one…”

The feeling of Katherine’s hand resting on her thigh rekindled her arousal. Her breathing became a little heavier and she suddenly wanted her clit to be played with again. She grabbed ahold of her skirt with both hands and without realizing it, started to pull them upwards, revealing more of her legs.

Katherine began rubbing Danielle’s thigh and glanced at her again. “It looks like you’re having fun, Danielle. Do you need to pee yet?”

The bottle of water that Danielle had been holding in her hands fell to the floor in front of her and she nodded. “Y-yes, but only a little.”

Katherine laughed again and removed her hand. “That’s good. It shouldn’t be too much longer now before you’re bursting again.”

Danielle could feel her clit poking into the material of the panties she was wearing and wanted desperately to play with it, but she was now under someone else’s control. Her boss was also her mistress and she could only imagine what might happen if she misbehaved (she suddenly remembered her fantasy from the night before, when she imagined being forced to wear a chastity belt as punishment for wetting herself in Katherine’s car).

She squeezed her legs together and started rubbing them against one another, while anticipating what was to come. “Yes Miss Andrews, it won’t be too long.”

As carefully as possible, Katherine reached inside of her business jacket and pulled out the remote control. “Danielle, I have some new rules that I want you to follow, so you had better listen.”

Danielle looked at her, feeling excited. “Okay.”

“Under no circumstances are you to remove those panties. In fact, whenever you pee today, you are only allowed to pee through them, but only when you have my permission. I also want you to start calling me Mistress when we’re alone, but in public, you will refer to me as ‘Miss Andrews’. Is that understood?”

Danielle nodded. “Yes Miss An- Um, I mean, Mistress.”

With a grin, Katherine pressed the button, bringing the little egg back to life again. Danielle pressed her back against her seat and gripped her skirt even tighter. The pleasure in her nether region was so strong that she became completely helpless against her mistress’ will. A moan escaped past her lips as she was brought nearly to the edge, but then the button was pressed again and the vibrator went still.

*029*2016-12-17 12:34

Well, it took a while, but chapter 31 is finally ready. I was struggling with writer's block and also became very busy with work, but with some helpful suggestions from Apan, I was able to finally get through it.

31

Two minutes before the 11:30 meeting, Danielle and Katherine were already at their destination. They and all of the other participants were in the conference room of a computer repair business, which also sold various parts to other businesses and those ‘do-it-yourself’ types who preferred to do their own repairs at home. This business was still small, but it had a lot of potential. Their decision to meet with Katherine, in order to discuss the possibility of a conglomerate merger with Andrews’ Corp, had not been made in haste. For each company, the partnership could be profitable, but it could also keep the smaller company afloat.

At this point, Danielle was beginning to need a toilet. She and Katherine had been greeting the attendants of the meeting as they entered the room, but in the back of her mind, she kept thinking about the very real danger of wetting herself in front of those people. The humiliation of such an experience was something that she very much feared, but she was also aroused by the idea. The panties that she was wearing were already wet, even though she had not leaked any urine. The situation was equally as exciting as it was frightening.

The owner of the business, Kenneth Freeman, a couple of his managers, and a few sales representatives were there, all ready for the meeting to begin. They took a seat at the round table in the center of the room, while Danielle and her boss prepared the computer and the projector that was up on the ceiling (with a little help from one of the managers). For their presentation, Katherine would do most of the talking, but her assistant would also add to the discussion.

When the setup was at last complete, Katherine put her hands on her hips. “Excellent! It looks like we’re ready.”

Each of the managers took a seat around the table, while Danielle and Katherine did the same. Only Ken remained standing and he stepped up to the front of the room and dimmed the lights via a switch on the wall beside the projector screen.

With a friendly smile, Ken put his hands together and began his opening statement. “Miss Andrews, I appreciate you and your assistant taking the time to meet with us today. To start with, I would like to give a brief overview of our company’s history and each of our services. Then, we could begin discussing just how we might be able to benefit Andrews’ Corp. After that, we would like to hear the presentation that you and your assistant have prepared for us.”

Since the meeting had officially begun, Danielle crossed her legs and folded her hands on top of the table. She tried to listen as Ken talked about how the company started and eventually began to grow (as it turned out, the overview was anything but brief), but she was distracted by her need for a toilet. She was still far from desperate, but she was unsure just how long the meeting might actually take. There was the possibility that it could take well over an hour, as there was quite a lot to discuss.

For a good twenty minutes, Ken continued speaking. During this whole time, Danielle’s need grew and her boss kept glancing at her every few minutes (probably checking to see if she was becoming desperate yet). Not wanting to squirm or tap her feet, she instead began twiddling her thumbs, hoping that she could continue to hide her desperation from all of these people.

When Ken at last finished speaking, it was time for the other attendants to have their turn. One by one, they each described their specific duties within the company. This went on for another fifteen minutes or so, before they began discussing the company’s use of product specialization to sell their products.

Danielle’s need for the toilet was becoming more and more urgent as this went on. Every once in a while, she would look up at the clock on the wall. When she saw that it was 12:05, she had already begun to fidget a little in her seat.

I can hold it until this meeting is over, Danielle thought. Maybe in another hour it will be over. I can make it until then.

Katherine glanced at her again and she pulled her eyes away from the clock. Based on the smile on her boss’s face, it was obvious that she had noticed her growing need for the toilet. Hiding it was becoming a little difficult, so it was only a matter of time before it turned into a major problem.

The discussion about the company’s strategy for selling their products to other businesses and individuals for personal use continued on and on. Danielle was becoming a little impatient and found it very difficult to concentrate (even though under normal circumstances, she would have found the meeting to be quite interesting). When 12:30 came around, she put one leg up over the other and began rocking back and forth in her chair.

Damn, this sucks, Danielle thought. I need to pee so badly! I hope this meeting gets over at one! If it goes past one, then…

Suddenly feeling like she had forgotten something, she furrowed her brow in concentration. Isn’t there something that is supposed to happen after one? It’s not the afternoon break, it must be something else.

Danielle looked down at her PDA, where it rested in front of her folded hands and twiddling thumbs. There was something that was supposed to happen at 1:00 p.m., but she couldn’t quite remember what. Her need to pee was distracting her from her thoughts.

For a few minutes, she looked down at her PDA, not realizing that her intense concentration on it had caught the attention of one of the sales reps. next to her.

What is supposed to happen? Oh god, I have to pee!

She closed her eyes and tried to remember the previous day and the calls that she had made. If she were to look through the scheduled meetings right then, it would disrupt the current discussion, which would be rude.

Quickly changing positions, she put her leg down so that both feet were on the floor and crossed her legs. It was then that she suddenly remembered having a phone call with a farmer the previous day. They were supposed to have a meeting with him about buying his farm and possibly using the property for furthering Andrews’ Corp.

Instantly, a feeling of terror came over Danielle and her heart started pounding. She realized that she had scheduled the two meetings far too close together. While Katherine had known about going to see the farmer, it seemed that she had not known the specific time that it was scheduled.

Wasn’t she leaning in the doorway when the call was made? Danielle wondered. Why did she not let me know that I had scheduled it too early? Maybe she didn’t hear the conversation and does not know…

Danielle looked at Katherine, with a worried look on her face. Her boss was staring back, smirking.

Maybe she knows! Maybe she decided not to say anything so that I would make a mistake! Maybe she is teaching me a lesson!

Danielle opened her mouth to speak, but Katherine put a finger to her lips. The sales rep. sitting next to her was looking back and forth between the two of them, with a confused expression on her face. Feeling embarrassed, Danielle turned towards her and gave a friendly smile.

The woman that sat next to her was right around her age, but a little heavy-set, and had shoulder-length blonde hair. She did not smile back, but instead continued looking confused. Clearly, she had noticed the odd behavior that Danielle and Katherine were exhibiting, but did not quite understand it.

Feeling very self-conscious, Danielle looked around at the other attendants. One of the managers had already changed the subject to their company’s revenues for the past year, but all of the others had their eyes on her. They instantly shifted their gaze back to the speaker once she noticed, but they too had been aware that something was off.

They all know that I am acting strangely, Danielle realized. This is horrible. What am I supposed to do about that farmer? Oh shit, I’ll have to reschedule after it is too late, but he will probably be upset.

The time crawled slowly by for the next fifteen minutes. Before too long, it was 12:45 and it Ken’s turn to talk once again. Everyone turned their attention towards him as he added a few final comments before Danielle’s presentation started.

“Alright, now, let’s all hear what Miss Andrews has to say,” Ken finally said as he motioned for his guests to stand.

All of the other attendants looked right at Danielle and she suddenly felt very small. She had been bouncing up and down in her chair, but forced herself to quit.

“Alright Danielle, let’s show them the presentation you have prepared,” Katherine said.

Danielle slowly uncrossed her legs and stood up. “Miss Andrews, there is something-”

Suddenly looking concerned, Ken interrupted what Danielle was about to say. “Is something the matter?”

Danielle’s mouth was hanging open as she struggled to figure out how to reply. She was far too embarrassed to admit that she had scheduled two meetings so close together that they overlapped.

Katherine stood up and put her hands on her hips. “Well? Is something the matter?”

“Um…”

Danielle still was not sure how to respond. She could only stand there as her face turned red.

“Danielle, what is wrong?!” Katherine cried.

Not wanting to answer, Danielle simply stepped around the table towards her computer. “N-nothing is wrong. I’m just a little nervous.”

The reply brought a smile to Ken’s face and his employees began chuckling. Still feeling embarrassed, Danielle quickly brought up the presentation on the projector screen and tried to focus on the task at hand.

*032*2016-12-24 12:39

Chapter 32 is still a work in progress, but I am making quite a bit of progress. I am hoping to post the chapter by tomorrow at the latest.

{{On 11/30/2016 at 0:05 PM, Night Rain said:

How about we see Danielle dress up in Christmas clothes due to the holiday coming up.

}}

I was unable to come up with a good way to fit this into the plot, so I won't be able to do this. I might be able to do a new story in the future (probably next Christmas), in which a Christmas party at the office occurs in Andrews' Corp. I did have a lot of fun ideas for the Christmas clothing she could wear while desperate, but it might have to wait.

*033*2017-01-15 02:13

I know it's been a while since I've posted a new chapter. I've been having a lot of trouble with chapter 32, but I am nearly finished with it and I am hoping to have it posted within the next couple of days. Please don't think that I have let the story go unfinished again. I've just been taking breaks from it because I've been stuck. Fortunately, I'm making progress and it is nearly ready.

*036*2017-01-17 00:15

32

When the PowerPoint presentation at last appeared on the projector screen, Katherine made an opening statement of her own. She first thanked the other attendants for taking time out of their day to have the meeting. This of course was followed by a brief summary of the history of Andrews’ Corp, for which Danielle already had a slide prepared.

Assigned with the task of using a wireless presentation pointer, Danielle pressed a button on it and the second slide appeared. As her boss spoke, she pressed this same button, bringing up each bullet point (one at a time), as it became relevant. She felt a little self-conscious as this was going on, due to her increasing desperation and the embarrassment created by the display she put on earlier.

Since Ken had dimmed the lights, it was a bit dark in the room. Taking advantage of this, Danielle rubbed her knees back and forth against each other (while occasionally bending slightly at the waist), in an attempt to lessen the severity of her condition. The water she had gulped down earlier that day was still pouring into her bladder. With each passing minute, the bursting point drew closer.

I hope I can make it through this! Danielle thought. Maybe I can distract myself if I put on a good smile and throw in a few good comments here and there. Maybe it will make the time go by faster.

Unfortunately, it was only a matter of time before distracting herself became impossible. Her desperation would become more difficult to hide and the rising water level in her bladder would eventually reach maximum capacity.

When Katherine at last finished speaking about the history of her company, she immediately jumped right into the benefits of becoming a part of Andrews’ Corp. Danielle couldn’t help but respect her for getting right to the point. Instead of beating around the bush and droning on and on about all of the minor details, she would instead go for the important bits.

“Andrews’ Corp. has a lot to offer small businesses once they merge with us,” Katherine said with a friendly smile. “We give small businesses the opportunity to grow exponentially by advertising their products and services.”

For this portion of the presentation, Danielle brought up the next slide. Katherine began to give examples of other businesses that had merged with her company, as well as the specific benefits that each company had received as a result. One of these was another computer-tech business that was located in Lewisville.

Given the fact that this other computer-tech business was quite similar to Ken’s company, Katherine spent extra time describing the benefits that it had received. This certainly piqued the interest of the other participants of the meeting.

Through all of this, Danielle struggled to come up with something to add, but ultimately failed. It was nearly impossible to focus on anything other than her filling bladder.

What else could I possibly say? Danielle wondered. This deal is pretty much sold already! If only I could just come up with something so that I wouldn’t look like an idiot up here.

Still feeling self-conscious, Danielle shifted her gaze from each member of Ken’s crew to the next, hoping that none of them were looking at her. Unfortunately, she noticed that some of those people were indeed watching her. She forced herself to reduce the number of times she bent at the waist, but continued to rub her knees together.

The blonde sales rep. appeared to have her gaze fixed on Danielle, almost as if she were watching her every move. By this point, she appeared slightly amused. Though she tried to hide it, her faint smile was still noticeable.

Maybe she knows about the predicament that I am in! She probably knows what is about to happen!

For a brief moment, Katherine paused and quickly glanced at Danielle, before continuing on with the specifics of how each of the two respective companies could benefit each other. People were certainly taking notice (even though they each tried to hide this fact by appearing professional) of the situation that was unfolding in front of them.

Everyone seems to know that I am acting strangely! Danielle realized. I hope none of them realize how desperate I truly am!

Whether they knew the reason for her odd behavior or not, she was uncertain, but a bladder spasm would soon be on its way, destroying any confusion about what her issue might be. Everyone would know that she was on the verge of wetting herself.

What am I going to do? Danielle wondered. This is becoming a lot more terrifying than what I expected!

She started racking her brains, struggling to come up with something to add, hoping that she might distract people’s attention from the situation that was going on downstairs and focus more on what was occurring above. Unfortunately, her mind wasn’t working as well as it normally would.

When she had created the presentations in the first place, she had used specific information that was stored on her computer. Even though she had not been required to memorize the information (she was only supposed to create the presentation using PowerPoint based on the information available), there was still some that she could recall from memory and possibly even use.

Suddenly disrupting her thoughts, Danielle’s focus was brought back into the real world when she heard Katherine say her name. “Now, my assistant, Danielle, is going to bring up a graph that shows the expected sales projections for the upcoming year.”

Danielle pressed the button on the laser pointer and then the next slide was up, showing a very detailed graph. She expected her boss to continue, but it was here where she was given the chance to actually say something.

“Alright Danielle, could you please go ahead and explain to our audience just what the upcoming year holds for Andrews’ Corp and our clients?” Katherine asked.

At once, Danielle’s face grew red, but due to the dim lighting in the room, it went unnoticed.

For a moment, Danielle said nothing, while she worked up the courage to actually speak. “Sure, Miss Andrews. I can do that.”

Katherine stepped aside, allowing Danielle to take center stage. Now, she was even more nervous than ever. Her aching bladder was still filling and she was becoming damp with sweat. She pressed her legs as tightly together as she possibly could and then prepared to begin her explanation of the information shown in the current slide.

With the laser, Danielle pointed at the graph on the projector screen. “Based on the sales for the past year, it is expected that the sales are going to increase…”

As Danielle was speaking, she was struck by a bladder spasm. Determined not to make a scene, she tensed every muscle in her body as she fought to remain in control. A small spurt made its way out of her urethra, forming a wet spot in the panties she was wearing. Somehow, the blonde sales rep. seemed to know what was happening, because a wide grin appeared on her face.

Fortunately, Danielle soon regained full control over her bladder and no more urine was able to escape. She relaxed most of the muscles in her body and then forced herself to continue speaking.

“It-it is expected that the sales are going to steadily increase over the c-course of the next year. As An-Andrews’ Corp., exp-exp-ands… As Andrews’ Corp. expands…”

Danielle could feel another bladder spasm creeping up on her and she paused for a moment. She blushed again as she tensed up her muscles and bent at the waist.

The blonde sales rep. covered her mouth with one hand as she stifled a laugh and then she raised a hand up in the air. “Excuse me, Miss Andrews. I don’t mean to disrupt your presentation, but, is your assistant going to be alright?”

Danielle glanced at her and said, “I-I’m fine. Please don’t worry about me.”

Ken also spoke up, but he sounded far more concerned than his employee. “Miss Andrews, perhaps we could postpone our meeting for a later date. If your assistant isn’t well today, then maybe it would be best to continue this meeting at a later date.”

It was then that the bladder spasm Danielle expected struck and she bent forward at the waist with a gasp. She put one hand on the table to support herself as she fought to remain in control. She could feel the pee entering her urethra as her body tried to force out another spurt.

Danielle closed her eyes tight and started shaking from the effort of holding back the flood. She was only seconds away from having an accident it seemed, unless she could get her bladder back under control again.

The blonde sales rep. folded her arms over her chest and sat there, still grinning. Ken stood up from where he was seated and began to make his way towards the front of the room.

Hoping to convince everyone that she was fine, even though it was obvious that she was not, Danielle set down the laser pointer and held up one hand. “N-no, w-we d-don’t need to…”

When Danielle was at last able to clamp her sphincter shut, she let out a loud sigh. While it was good that she had regained control again for the moment, she had failed to convince Ken that she was alright, because he brightened the lights. A look of worry could be seen on Katherine’s face as she watched her assistant struggling in front of her and the watchful eyes of everyone else in the room.

For a brief moment, Ken looked at Danielle before he turned his attention to Katherine. “I strongly recommend we wait until she is no longer… ill, before we continue this meeting.”

The blonde sales rep. started laughing, without even trying to conceal it this time. Her unprofessional and disrespectful behavior earned some dirty looks from a couple of her coworkers, even though she paid no attention to them.

With pleading eyes, Danielle looked at her boss, waiting for an answer. Please, don’t make me wet myself in front of these people! It will be too embarrassing! I don’t want to do this anymore!

At first, Katherine only looked back at her. She still looked quite worried as she tried to decide whether or not she should accept Ken’s recommendation. She seemed very different from the person she had been when Danielle first walked into her office on the previous day. She actually seemed concerned for her assistant’s well-being. Only one thing was for sure; she needed to make a decision quick.

*039*2017-03-03 22:43

Hey everybody, I'm still working on the next chapter, but it's taking a bit. I moved to a new town a month ago and started a new job with a lot more hours, so I haven't made much progress. I have been working on chapter 33 a little at a time though, so it will be ready before too much longer. I'll make sure it's worth waiting for.

*040*2017-03-12 00:59

Here is the next chapter. I hope all of you enjoy it.

33

Not sure what she should do, Katherine could only stare at her helpless assistant, as she struggled to contain the contents of her bladder. Something inside of her had definitely changed, of this she was certain, due to the fact that she found herself fearing the possibility of Danielle humiliating herself in front of Ken and his crew.

As Danielle continued to look at her with pleading eyes, her indecision eventually came to an end. “Mister Freeman, I agree. We should postpone this meeting until she is well.”

Ken nodded and motioned for his employees to stand. “I think that is a good decision. We will continue this meeting on another day.”

Katherine stepped towards Danielle and put a comforting arm around her shoulders. “Come on, let’s just step outside for a moment. We can come back for our things.”

Each of Ken’s employees left the room, except for one. When the blonde sales rep. stood up and tried to make her way towards the door, Ken blocked her path. Even though he spoke to her in a hushed tone, Katherine heard him criticize her for disrespecting their guests. At once, an expression of horror appeared on her face when she realized that she had found herself in trouble for laughing at Danielle’s predicament. Katherine felt some satisfaction about seeing her get what she deserved, but she also felt guilty again. She had been so cruel to Hannah and Laura, as well as Danielle, but never experienced any consequences as a result.

Laughing at someone for finding themselves in Danielle’s situation is bad enough, Katherine thought. But it pales in comparison to the things that I have done.

Once they were out in the hall, Ken closed the door behind them, so he could continue speaking with his employee. As soon as they were alone, Danielle immediately put both hands against her crotch and pressed into her peehole through her skirt.

“Miss Andrews, I have to get to a restroom!” Danielle cried. “I can’t hold it anymore!”

Katherine looked to the right and instantly saw the sign for the restrooms. They were located just down the hall.

“Come on, let’s go this way,” Katherine said. “I think I have put you through too much today.”

Yesterday, I would have gladly let the meeting go on so that I could watch Danielle wet herself in that meeting room, Katherine realized. But today… Today I could not bring myself to do it. This girl has changed me in ways that I cannot explain.

Despite being in a hurry, Danielle could only take small steps as she made her way down the hall. She was hunched over with both hands between her thighs. One wrong move and her desperate struggle would come to an end.

“I hope I can make it there!” Danielle cried. “I’m so close!”

With her arm still around her assistant, Katherine spoke encouragingly to her. “It’s a short distance, Danielle. You can do this. You have made it through worse situations.”

Danielle nodded as the gap between them and the relief she so desperately needed grew smaller. They were only about ten feet away by this point, but their journey came to a halt as Katherine’s assistant was struck by another bladder spasm. Her body shook from the effort of holding it all in as the urine tried forcing its way through her urethra.

“Come on Danielle, you’re almost there,” Katherine said encouragingly. “You can make it.”

Danielle only groaned in response as she doubled over and squeezed her legs together as tightly as possible. She felt a little bit of pee escape her pee hole, adding fresh liquid to her panties and moistening her hands. She closed her eyes and clenched every muscle in her body, fighting to avoid wetting herself right in the hallway.

Damn, this poor girl really needs to go! Katherine thought. This is so hot, but all I care about now is helping her avoid an embarrassing accident.

After what seemed like ages, Danielle finally regained control of her bladder and opened her eyes again. She tried to stand up straight, but kept her legs together. She was able to get moving again, feeling confident that she might actually make it in time. Unfortunately, that is when the door of the conference room opened back up behind them.

Ken and the sales rep. exited the room and Ken called out to them. “Miss Andrews! Could we speak with you for a minute?”

Katherine removed her arm from Danielle’s shoulders and turned back as they approached. Danielle removed her hands from her crotch and turned towards them as well, with beads of sweat on her forehead from the effort of holding all of her pent up urine. She balled her hands into fists at her sides when Ken and his employee came to a stop in front of them.

Looking quite frustrated with his employee, Ken said, “On behalf of my company, I assure you that such disrespect from one of my staff will never happen again.”

He glanced at the sales rep. next to him (who was eyeing Danielle up and down, taking in the full extent of her condition). “Pam and I have discussed her behavior and I believe that we…”

A slight gasp escaped past Danielle’s lips, which completely disrupted Ken’s thoughts. She was going through another bladder spasm, but tried with all of her might not to show it, much to Katherine’s amazement.

“I do not wish to overstep any boundaries here, but are you going to be alright, Miss Smith?”

The sales rep., Pam, looked down at Danielle’s legs while her boss waited for an answer, taking note of the fact that they were squeezed very tightly together.

Katherine glanced at Danielle as she tried her best to answer. “I-I just have to, um…”

A strong spurt of pee shot out of Danielle’s urethra, soaking her panties. She bent forward at the waist a little and clenched her fists so tightly that her hands began shaking. A small trickle of urine ran down one of her legs, all the way to her knee, before dripping on to the floor.

“I must apologize, Mister Freeman, but my assistant really must get to the restroom,” Katherine said.

Pam had once again shifted her gaze down to Danielle’s legs, having already noticed the pee running down from underneath her skirt. “She sure does…”

Katherine glanced at Pam’s face and noticed what appeared to be an expression of lust.

“Oh, I’m sorry!” Ken cried, suddenly looking very uncomfortable. “I’ll let you two get to it then. I-”

Before he could finish speaking, more urine leaked into the panties Danielle was wearing and a small river made its way down her other leg this time.

Ken took a quick glance down at Danielle’s legs and noticed the pee running down before she cut off the flow. “I have to get back to my office. Excuse me…”

In a bit of a hurry, Ken turned away from them and went down the hall in the other direction, but Pam on the other hand, stayed right where she was, unable to look away.

Once Ken was gone, Danielle cried out and doubled over again, immediately putting her hands against her crotch. Another powerful spurt had already exited her urethra and she fought with every ounce of strength she had left, to cut off the flow before she had a full-on accident. More pee ran over her fingers and down her beautiful legs. A few droplets fell to the floor at her feet before she finally was able to bring her bladder back under control.

Pam put a hand up to her mouth and said, “I am sorry about laughing earlier. I-I didn’t mean to. It just slipped out I guess.”

Katherine scowled at her. “You guess? Really? You are a professional and you should act like one. If you were one of my employees, then you would find yourself unemployed!”

Danielle gasped loudly and stood up straight, appearing to be less desperate than she had been. Even though she didn’t empty very much of her bladder, at least enough had leaked out to buy her some more time.

Pam frowned and looked at Katherine. “I am very fortunate that Ken let me stay here, but the next time I disrupt a meeting or disrespect his guests, then that is what will happen.”

Katherine put a hand on one of Danielle’s shoulders as her assistant put her hands back by her sides. “Are you alright? Are you going to make it?”

Danielle nodded. “Yes, I leaked out enough that I can make it to the restroom now.”

“I really am sorry, Miss Smith,” Pam said as Danielle and Katherine continued their way to the restroom. “I feel really bad about it, I swear.”

As Danielle stepped up to the restroom door and grabbed the handle, Katherine gave Pam a dirty look. “You fucking better feel bad about it!”

Danielle pulled on the handle, but the door did not open. “Um, what the hell? Is it locked?”

Katherine turned her attention away from Pam and grabbed the door handle after Danielle lowered her hand. “No, it can’t be.”

Suddenly appearing irritated, Pam folded her arms. “I hope not! I need to pee too!”

Katherine pulled off her glasses and put her hand up to her forehead with an irritated sigh. “Can you find your boss or maybe one of your maintenance people? There is no sign telling us that the restroom is out of order, but yet we can’t get in there.”

“I can do that,” Pam replied. “Just wait right here for-”

Before Pam could continue, an alarm began going off and yellow lights in the ceiling began flashing.

“What is that?!” Katherine cried.

A look of horror appeared on Pam’s face. “That is the security alarm! Something must be happening!”

From the direction of the conference room, at the far end of the hall, Ken came out of his office and hurried towards them. Katherine noticed that he was approaching and she walked his way also.

“What is happening?!” Katherine cried once he was close enough to hear.

“We have a security situation!” Ken replied. “Someone came in here, disguised as maintenance and they locked all of the restroom doors! The keys to unlock them again have all been stolen!”

Katherine at once became very angry. “How in the hell does shit like that happen?! Are you so incompetent that you can’t even manage your own place?!”

Turning back towards Danielle, Katherine motioned for her to follow. “Come on, we are going to grab our things and go! I don’t think we’ll be coming back either!”

The alarm finally stopped, but the lights kept flashing, so Ken was able to speak normally as he tried to convince Katherine not to leave. “Wait, Miss Andrews. Nothing like this has ever happened before. My security guy has been trying to get in touch with each of my maintenance people, to find out where they are. I don’t know who it is that came in here, but someone said she was a woman with blonde hair and she-”

“Listen Ken!” Katherine cried and pointed her finger at his face. “If you can’t even keep track of who comes and goes out of this building, then you are too much of a risk. We will not be coming back, nor will we ever merge companies. Our meeting is adjourned.”

“Please, we can figure this out,” Ken begged, but it was no use.

“Come on Danielle,” Katherine said as she made her way towards the conference room.

Danielle quickly followed her and groaned with disappointment. Her bladder was still quite full and now it looked as though she would have to wait to find another restroom somewhere else.

As the two of them entered the conference room to retrieve their things, Katherine became very worried as she tried to hurry up and pack up their belongings.

A woman with blonde hair came in and did this! Katherine thought. Who in the hell could that even be? It can’t be Hannah, can it? Could she be so angry that she is willing to go to these lengths just to get back at me?

Apparently, Danielle had similar thoughts. “Did one of your past assistants have blonde hair? You said Laura had red hair, but what about Hannah? What color was it?”

While Danielle frantically grabbed for her laptop and put it inside of its bag, Katherine sighed and nodded. “Yes, Hannah had blonde hair. But, I doubt that it could be her though, because she has never been the type of person to follow through on anything she says she is going to do.”

“What if she has changed?” Danielle asked. “Did she wet herself in a room full of people like Laura did? If you manipulated her into a situation like that, then I can see how she could be angry enough to act this time.”

Instead of giving a reply, Katherine simply said, “We’ll talk more once we’re gone. This is not a good place to discuss something like this, because this information is very dangerous if the wrong people know about it.”

With their things ready, the two of them went back to the door and Katherine shut off the lights as they stepped out. Once in the hallway, they made their way back out to the parking lot, with no intention of ever returning.

*043*2017-03-13 19:21

{{16 hours ago, compfail said:

Possibly one of Katherine 's employees???? Im so excited... Btw i binged this in 2 nights

}}

You went through the original thread and this one in two nights? Wow, I'm glad you liked it that much.

*046*2017-03-15 01:23

I already have a good start on chapter 34 and I am hoping to have it done in the next couple of days. I've been feeling very motivated lately, so hopefully that doesn't change.

*047*2017-03-18 10:29

34

As Danielle exited the building with Katherine, she couldn’t help but wonder who it was that had snuck into the building, disguised as one of the maintenance workers. As they made their way through the parking lot, back to her boss’s Porsche, she also thought it was quite odd for someone to have managed to pull off something so wild.

How could no one have noticed that she wasn’t a worker there? Danielle wondered. If Ken doesn’t have any blonde women working in maintenance, then someone should have known that she didn’t belong there.

Once the two of them were back to the car, Katherine pressed a button on her keyring to unlock the doors. Danielle put her laptop bag in the back seat, on her side, and then got in the front. Katherine put her briefcase in the back also, before getting in on her side.

After Danielle closed her door, she was reminded that her bladder was still very full and she was forced to cross her legs again. The amount that had leaked out moments before had taken the edge off of her desperation, but it would not be long before it was back to full force.

Katherine put both of her hands on the steering wheel, but made no move to start up the car. She seemed quite worried, which was an unusual sight.

“What are we going to do now?” Danielle asked. “What happened with Hannah must have been serious.”

Katherine closed her eyes and nodded. “Yes, it was. She ended up wetting herself in a crowded conference hall. She was giving a presentation and she tried so hard to hold it, but she couldn’t…”

Katherine paused for a moment. The look of shame that Danielle saw on her face seemed foreign. It was like it didn’t even belong there.

Danielle pictured the scene in her mind, imagining Hannah standing in the middle of that room, stuttering as she tried to say her piece, right up until the moment she lost all control and the rivers of pee went cascading down her legs.

“Oh!” Danielle cried as the image forced her own bladder into a spasm.

She squeezed both of her legs together and squirmed around on the seat, immediately catching Katherine’s attention. Her boss’s shameful expression faded and a smirk appeared, almost seeming to have reclaimed its domain following an unexpected invasion.

After a bit of struggling, Danielle finally regained control of her bladder and she began gasping. “Maybe… Maybe we should go and discuss this later. I really need to pee!”

Katherine smiled and shook her head as the amusing display Danielle had put on come to an end. “Well, it didn’t take very long for you to become desperate again, did it?”

Danielle started bouncing her legs up and down. “No, it didn’t. Can we please go, so I can get to a restroom?”

Katherine chuckled. “Well, now that we’re out of the meeting room, I think I would very much like to see you squirm a bit. It is very comforting.”

Danielle could feel herself becoming aroused by the new situation and her clit began poking into the damp material of the panties she had on. Even after all that had leaked out, her bladder was managing to refill itself with alarming speed.

“But, what if I pee on the seat in here?” Danielle asked. “I don’t want to make a huge mess.”

Katherine giggled. “If you do that, then there just might be consequences.”

“You won’t make me wear a chastity belt afterwards will you?” Danielle asked.

In response to that question, Katherine reached a hand over and set it on Danielle’s thigh so that her fingers went slightly underneath her skirt. “That wouldn’t be a bad idea. You seem to have a bad habit of playing with yourself when you’re supposed to be focusing on other tasks, so I might just make you wear one regardless.”

At the very suggestion of being required to wear a chastity belt, Danielle felt a bit of fear mixed with her growing excitement. She desperately wanted to be touched. Her increasing arousal combined with the fullness of her bladder was almost more than enough to give her an orgasm right then.

“You look excited, Danielle,” Katherine said. “Maybe when all of this ‘strange caller’ bullshit is over, we should get one and then you could wear the chastity belt all the time, except when I want it off of you.”

Katherine’s hand remained where it was for a moment, on Danielle’s thigh, before she began to very slowly slide it towards her assistant’s damp pussy. “There will definitely be times when I will want it off of you…”

Holy shit! Danielle thought as she felt her mistress’s hand inching along over her skin.

She gasped and squirmed as Katherine’s hand slid closer and closer to her womanhood. She so desperately wanted to have an orgasm and pee everywhere, but her desires were not granted, because her mistress pulled her hand away instead.

“Please,” Danielle begged. “Please…”

Katherine laughed. “We are in the parking lot, you foolish girl! This is not the time for this.”

Danielle pressed against her peehole through her clothing with one hand as she continued to squirm. “Please, at least let me pee somewhere. I can’t take much more of this!”

Katherine pulled out her keys and started the vehicle. “No, I think I want you to hold it a bit longer. It’s going to be tough, but I believe in you.”

She brought out her bluetooth earpiece and quickly put it on. “Before we go anywhere, I have to call John and let him know what happened here today. This was a major security situation that must be dealt with. Whoever it is that is out to get me, snuck in there, without anyone knowing about it. Who knows what might happen next.”

Please, don’t take too long! Danielle thought as Katherine pulled out her phone and began dialing the number for the security department of Andrews’ Corp.

It didn’t take long before someone from the security department answered. Danielle wasn't sure, but she guessed that it was John. She squirmed and listened silently as Katherine explained everything that happened. When Katherine finished speaking, she waited a bit for a response.

When she at last began speaking again, she asked, “Is it really possible that a tracking device could be on my car somewhere?”

Danielle double-crossed her legs and started bouncing them up and down while waiting for her boss to say more.

“Okay, I want my car checked for tracking devices when I get back,” Katherine said. “If there is one somewhere, then that mechanic of mine can find employment elsewhere.”

There was another pause as Katherine listened to what John had to say. She took a quick glance at her squirmy Danielle, who was soon to be on the verge of another bladder spasm.

“Are you almost done?” Danielle asked, with her voice at a whisper. “I’m about to burst over here…”

“Yes, I’ll be over there shortly,” Katherine said. “We can straighten all of this out then. Bye.”

Katherine hung up and quickly removed her earpiece. She put it back in its place, along with her phone and then looked over at Danielle.

“Please, can we get to a restroom now?” Danielle begged. “I-I’m about to wet myself all over this seat!”

Katherine shook her head. “No, we need to get back to the office to have my car checked for tracking devices. Apparently my mechanic is nowhere to be found, so there is a possibility that he was paid to install it.”

“Oh god, I can’t make it that long!” Danielle cried. “If I don’t lose it going down the road because of every bump we come across, then I’m going to lose it when we get there.”

Katherine glanced down at the floor in front of Danielle, where an empty water bottle rested. “Well… If you can’t hold it that long, then there is a bottle you can try peeing into along the way. Just be careful. I don’t want you to empty your bladder into it or get it on the floor.”

Danielle let out a groan and reached down for it. Katherine buckled up and then waited for her young pee slave to do the same. There was no way she was going to get the relief she craved, but at the very least, she would be able to let out enough to keep on holding a little longer.

*049*2017-04-16 13:50

Sorry it's been a while since I posted the last chapter, but I haven't been able to make as much progress as I wanted to. I do at least have a chapter ready even though it is a short one. I hope you guys enjoy this one.

35

Ken Freeman sat at the desk in his office, feeling very anxious as he stared at the huge stack of cash in his right hand. In his left, he held the envelope he had just torn open, which also had the “missing” keys resting inside of it.

On the desk in front of him was a cell phone, which had been left there for him by an unexpected visitor. He had found her in his office, just after he and his employee witnessed Katherine’s assistant start to wet herself in the corridor. She had been dressed as if she was a part of maintenance and was also young, blonde, and quite beautiful. She had given him very little information, except for the fact that she had “borrowed” the keys for all of the bathrooms and locked them, before returning them in the sealed envelope, which also contained the cash (he wasn’t even sure how much was there, as he had not even taken the time to count it).

He glanced down at the cell phone, remembering that the last piece of information he received was that he should expect a call later in the day, following all of the chaos that had ensued after the security system was triggered. He wasn’t entirely sure who would be calling him, but from what he had been told, it was the blonde woman’s boss.

“Who are you people?” Ken asked as he stared down at the phone, not even understanding why he didn’t call the police to arrest that woman in the first place.

Maybe it’s because she was hot, Ken thought. I would have hated to see her fine ass get taken away in a squad car.

It was then that the phone started to ring. The ringtone was nothing special, merely a simple ringing sound. He dropped the envelope onto the desk and grabbed the phone. He had to know who it was that had called him.

Ken flipped it open and put it up to his ear. “Hello? Who is this?”

The voice on the other line was a woman’s voice, but it sounded quite a bit older than that of the visitor that had been in his office earlier.

“Mister Freeman, I would like to make you an offer that would benefit both of us. I also recommend that you stay as far away from Andrews’ Corp. as you possibly can.”

Ken furrowed his brow and set the cash down on the desk. “What sort of an offer? Why should I avoid Andrews’ Corp?”

The woman on the other end sighed. “Katherine Andrews has been manipulating her assistants and the environment around them so that she can keep them from the restrooms. I am certain that she is intentionally trying to force them to have an accident, while watching them struggle, for her own enjoyment.”

“Why in the hell would she do that?” Ken demanded. “I did notice earlier that her assistant was about to piss herself in the hallway. She was starting to wet herself just before I met your employee.”

The woman on the other end chuckled. “The two previous assistants went through similar experiences on a regular basis. How I know this is not important, but when all of this goes to the press, everything Katherine inherited from her auntie and all that she has worked for since then, will be lost.”

“Wait, what did she inherit from her aunt, exactly? Surely not her business. She mentioned nothing about that during the meeting.”

The woman on the other line laughed. “You should have done your homework before agreeing to meet with her for a merger. She inherited her house and her business from her aunt, Mary Andrews, who passed away ten years ago. The corporation has flourished and expanded since then, but Katherine was a very different person in the beginning.”

“So, what about that offer that you have for me?” Ken asked. “What sort of an offer are you talking about here?”

“I wish to offer you a business partnership,” the caller replied. “If you would be willing to meet with me for coffee so we can discuss this, then I will tell you everything you want to know. I strongly recommend that you do some investigating afterwards, to protect yourself, like you failed to do when you became involved with Katherine Andrews.”

Ken closed his eyes and shook his head as he briefly debated with himself about what he should do. “Alright, sure. Tell me where and I can meet you there.”

“I will call you again later today with a time and a place. You should be ready for it.”

Ken smiled a little as he thought about what Katherine might have been like before she became the bigshot that she was. He also found the idea of her assistants struggling not to piss themselves quite amusing. Why she would do such a thing to them, he did not know, but he started to become aroused as he imagined it happening to Danielle.

Ken leaned back in his chair and smirked. “Alright, I will be expecting your call.”

“Good,” the caller said. “I look forward to meeting with you.”

That was the last thing that she said before the call came to an end. He set the phone down on the desk and picked up the envelope. He still had to return the keys to the maintenance office. As he stood up and removed the keys from the envelope, he thought about the possibility of partnering with the woman he had been speaking with. He was certain that she was a business rival of Katherine’s, but he couldn’t help but wonder how she knew so much about her previous assistants. Curious about what that reason might be, he put the keys into his pocket and left his office.

