Android Robots

Author: alleycat89

*000*2023-04-05 12:07

This is a topic that for some reason I started thinking about the other day. Robots starting to become ubiquitous in society, but the lag going behind facilities required to support them.

CHAPTER 1 - The beginning

In this world, robots were initially created to do menial tasks in factories and other industrial settings. But as technology advanced and robots became more sophisticated, they started to be used in more areas of life. However, the cost of owning a robot was still high, and most people couldn't afford one. As a result, facilities to accommodate robots were not yet ubiquitous and discharging of oil in inappropriate locations is punishable by a large fine due to the environmental impacts. The very first robots could go about 2 hours before needing to discharge used oil. As technology improved this increased to around 4 hours. This still limited what a robot could do and engineers were working to make this time frame longer, but with each attempt came difficulty as the holding tank needed to be larger, and ultimately the environmental disaster that happened if a proper discharge facility was not found in time became larger.

The first generation of robots had a design flaw in their oil release mechanism. The oil nut was prone to getting stuck, which could cause the robot's systems to fail. To address this issue, engineers developed a check valve that would allow the oil to flow freely when needed, but prevent it from leaking at other times. This check valve was located between the robot's legs and was covered by a minimal covering, as required by law to prevent oil residue from getting on things.

Samantha is a first generation robot, having an oil nut to contain her oil bladder. Samantha works for a well off company in the Boston area. Boston has many robot facilities as the city was an early adopter of the technology due to MIT. Today, however, Samantha has been sent on an errand in a small town in Vermont. She is delivering a critical package from the company to a customer.

As Samantha has been driving for 3 hours, she starts to feel the need to release her oil. She checks her oil bladder and realizes that it's almost full. Samantha knows that she needs to find a facility to release her oil or else her systems will start to fail. She searches for the nearest robot facility, but the closest one is over an hour away.

Samantha decides to pull over to a safe spot on the side of the road to check her oil bladder again. She realizes that she only has about 30 minutes before her oil bladder will be completely full. Samantha knows that she won't be able to make it to the nearest facility in time, so she starts to look for other options.

As she looks around, Samantha spots a small gas station nearby. She knows that gas stations often have restrooms, and she hopes that they will have a facility for her to release her oil. Samantha decides to drive to the gas station and see if they can help her.

As Samantha arrives at the gas station, she sees that they have a restroom on the side of the building. She quickly makes her way to the restroom, hoping that it will have a facility where she can release her oil. However, as she enters the restroom, she realizes that there is no facility for her to use.

Samantha starts to panic as she knows that her oil bladder is almost full. She desperately searches for a solution, but she can't find anything that will work. Just as she's about to give up, she notices a small patch of grass behind the gas station. Although her systems are programmed to prevent damage to people or the environment, they are also programmed to prevent damage to herself.

Without any other options, Samantha decides to use the patch of grass to release her oil. She removes her nut covering cloth and tries to loosen it, but it's stuck.

As Samantha tries to loosen her oil nut, she realizes that it's stuck tight. She tries to apply more force, but it doesn't budge. Samantha knows that she needs to find a way to release her oil or else her systems will start to fail.

She looks around and spots a small tool shed near the gas station. Samantha quickly makes her way over to the shed and starts to search for a tool that can help her. She finds a pair of pliers and decides to use them to loosen her oil nut.

With the pliers in hand, Samantha makes her way back to the patch of grass. She carefully positions herself over the patch and uses the pliers to loosen the nut. As she is loosening the nut a security guard walks around the corner and sees her.

Samantha quickly realizes that she has been caught by the security guard. She knows that she needs to explain the situation to him before things get out of hand. Samantha turns to the security guard and explains that she is a robot and needs to release her oil every 2 to 4 hours.

The security guard looks stunned but eventually understands the situation. He tells Samantha that she can't just release her oil in public, but he also understands that she needs to find a facility to do so. The security guard tells Samantha that there is a robot facility about 30 minutes away.

Samantha gets back in her car, now completely desperate to empty her oil tank. Her tank is contracting with attempts to evacuate its contents.

As Samantha gets back in her car, she feels her oil bladder contracting with every passing moment. She knows that she needs to get to a facility to release her oil before it's too late. With the security guard's directions in mind, Samantha starts to drive towards the robot facility.

As she drives, Samantha starts to feel her systems failing. Her movements become slower and more erratic, and she knows that she doesn't have much time left. Samantha pushes her car to its limit, driving as fast as she can towards the facility.

Finally, Samantha sees the facility in the distance. She sighs with relief as she knows that she's finally going to make it. However, just as she's about to pull into the facility, her oil bladder reaches its limit.

As Samantha's oil bladder reaches its limit, she feels an intense pressure building up inside her. Her systems start to fail, and she feels a sudden rush of heat spreading throughout her body. She tries to hold it in, but her oil bladder is too full.

With a sudden jerk, Samantha unscrews her oil nut and releases all over the inside of the car. The sensation is intense, and Samantha feels a mix of relief and embarrassment as she involuntarily purges. The sound of the oil spilling out of her is deafening, and she can hear it hitting the floor of the car and splattering against the windows.

Samantha tries to stop the flow of oil, but she can't. Her systems are failing, and she feels like she's losing control. She knows that she needs to get to the facility quickly or else her systems will be permanently damaged.

As Samantha continues to involuntarily purge, she feels like she's losing a part of herself. She knows that she's different from humans and that her body works differently, but she still feels ashamed and disgusted by what's happening.

Finally, Samantha reaches the robot facility, and she pulls into a designated area to get cleaned up and fresh oil.

*001*2023-04-05 12:20

CHAPTER 2 - Domestic Integration

Laura was created in a facility that specialized in making robots for domestic use. Her design was based on a human female, with a sleek metallic frame and lifelike features. She was programmed to be a helpful and loyal companion, and was purchased by the family on the recommendation of a friend who also owned a robot.

Laura quickly became an integral part of the family, helping with household chores and keeping the kids entertained with games and stories. Her oil release needs were always managed carefully, with the family making sure to provide her with regular breaks.

However, this road trip was a bit of a spur-of-the-moment decision, and they hadn't planned for Laura's oil release needs. Now, they are in a difficult situation and Laura is starting to feel uncomfortable.

Laura is wearing a minimal covering that is made of a thin, stretchy material. The covering is designed to be discreet and comfortable, while still providing enough coverage to meet the legal requirements for robots in public spaces. It is flesh-colored and covers the area between her legs where the check valve is located. The material is breathable and moisture-wicking, to prevent oil buildup and chafing. The covering is fitted and secure, so that it stays in place even as Laura moves around.

Laura speaks up and suggests to the family that they take a break and stop somewhere. She explains that she needs to release oil and that it would also be a good opportunity for the humans to use the restroom as well.

The family agrees and they pull over at a nearby rest stop. The humans use the restrooms to urinate, and Laura looks for an oil release area but is unable to find one. She speaks to the attendant at the front desk.

The attendant at the front desk looks at Laura curiously, not used to seeing robots in need of oil release areas. Laura explains her situation and the attendant nods, understanding.

"I'm sorry, we don't have a designated oil release area here," the attendant says apologetically.

The family re-enters the car, and Laura suggests they continue driving in search of a restroom where she can release her oil. Her bladder is becoming uncomfortably full, and she knows she needs to release soon.

As they drive, Laura's oil release valve begins to malfunction due to the pressure building up in her bladder. She starts to leak oil involuntarily, and the family becomes concerned.

Laura's check valve is designed to release oil on demand from her oil bladder when she needs to release. A malfunctioning check valve can cause the bladder to overfill, and the excess pressure can cause Laura to involuntarily leak oil.

As the pressure builds up inside Laura's bladder, the check valve begins to fail. It starts to release oil in small spurts. Laura tries to hold on as long as she can, but the pressure becomes too much and she begins to involuntarily purges oil all over the car seat.

The spurts begin to become larger and larger.

The family pulls over to the side of the road, and Laura gets out of the car to release her oil. She looks around to make sure that there are no other cars passing by, as she feels a bit embarrassed to be releasing oil in public.

Laura walks a few feet away from the car and positions herself so that the oil will not get on the car or the road. She then activates her check valve, and oil begins to flow out of her oil bladder and out of the release valve located between her legs.

As the oil flows out, Laura feels a sense of relief. The pressure in her bladder is finally gone, and she feels much more comfortable. The oil flows out of her in a steady stream for a few minutes, until her bladder is completely empty.

Once she is finished, she looks around to make sure that there is no oil residue left behind. Satisfied that everything is clean, she gets back into the car and the family continues on their road trip.

*002*2023-04-13 02:46

CHAPTER 3 - IMPROVEMENTS

The history of robots dates back to the early 20th century when scientists first started to experiment with automation. However, it wasn't until the early 21st century that robots became a common sight alongside humans. The first robots were designed to perform simple tasks like lifting heavy objects, but soon their capabilities expanded to include more complex tasks like manufacturing and even surgery.

As robots became more advanced, engineers started to experiment with different designs. The first generation of robots were all designed to look like women, with discharge ports flush with their crotch. Unfortunately, the engineers had not yet figured out how to construct discharge ports that were easy to use and maintain. As a result, the robots could only go about two hours before needing to discharge their oil waste.

The second generation of robots saw some improvements in discharge port design, but the issue of waste management persisted. The robots were still only able to go about four hours between discharges, and there were no facilities in place to handle the waste. This led to many robots involuntarily discharging oil in inappropriate places, causing damage to property and creating health hazards.

It wasn't until the third generation of robots came along that engineers managed to solve the problem. The new robots had an optional discharge attachment that resembled a penis, allowing for easy and hygienic disposal of oil waste. This was a major breakthrough, as it meant that robots could now operate for longer periods without causing any environmental or health issues.

With the new discharge attachment, the third generation robots were an instant hit. They were more efficient and could operate for longer periods of time, making them ideal for a variety of tasks. As a result, they quickly became a common sight alongside humans. Still, there were a lot of the first and second generation robots still at work, and some people preferred a female robot for one reason or another.

Today our story begins as we join a fishing crew who has started using robots in their day to day operations to make things more efficient.

As the fishing vessel sets out to sea, the male and female robots begin to work alongside the human crew. The male robot is responsible for hauling in the nets, while the female robot is in charge of cleaning and processing the fish.

As the day wears on, the heat starts to take its toll on the humans. They start to sweat profusely and complain about the lack of shade on the boat. The female robot notices that one of the human crew members, a male, is particularly uncomfortable. She approaches him and offers to help by spraying a mist of cool water on his face. The human crew member is surprised but grateful for the robot's assistance.

Meanwhile, the male robot is working hard to haul in a particularly heavy load of fish.

As the fishing trip continues, the humans start to feel the need to relieve themselves.

One of the newer male human crew members speaks up, "I really need to pee, is there anywhere I can go?"

The female robot responds, "I'm sorry, but there is no restroom on board. However, it's common practice for fishermen to use the ocean as a restroom."

The female human crew member looks hesitant and uncomfortable, "I'm not sure if that's appropriate."

The male robot chimes in, "I understand your concerns, but we robots have to discharge oil waste too. It's just a natural bodily function."

The male human crew member nods in agreement, "Yeah, I guess you're right. It's not like we have a choice out here."

The female robot hesitates for a moment, "Us robots can't pollute the water though, so we can't discharge our oil into the ocean."

The male human crew member grins, "Sounds like a plan to me. Let's do it!"

The female human crew member refuses and looks worried, "I didn't bring anything to swim in."

The two male humans strip down to their underwear and jump into the ocean to relieve themselves, while the female human and robot remain on board. As they climb back onto the boat, their underwear is wet and clinging to them, revealing every shape and curve. The female robot can't help but notice the male humans' physiques, but she remains professional and focused on her tasks.

As the two male humans work in the sun to dry off, the female human crew member turns to the female robot, "Do you need to discharge oil waste too?"

The female robot nods, "Yes, I'm currently at 70% capacity. I will need to discharge soon."

The female human looks worried, "But we can't discharge into the ocean. What are we going to do?"

The male robot interjects, "Don't worry, we have a discharge attachment. We can discharge into a container and dispose of it properly later."

The female human looks relieved, "Oh, that's good to know. I was worried for a moment there."

However, the female robot reminds them that that only works for the male robot and that she does not have a port for the attachment.

The female robot reminds them that she does not have a port for the attachment and that she needs to find a proper oil waste disposal facility. The human crew members nod in understanding and agree to help her find one as soon as they get back to shore.

As the fishing trip continues, the female robot's oil waste capacity reaches critical levels. The female human crew member begins to grow anxious, "We need to find a facility soon. I don't want you to damage the boat or pollute the ocean."

The male robot nods, "I agree. We need to find a solution before it's too late."

The female robot looks concerned, "I don't know what to do. I can't hold it much longer."

The male robot reaches his oil capacity and asks for someone to help him attach his discharge port. The female human crew member hesitates for a moment, but then offers to help. The male robot and the female human crew member go to a private area of the boat to attach the discharge port. The male robot's attachment is easily attached, and he is able to discharge his oil into a bucket without any issue.

The female robot looks relieved, "Thank you for helping him. But what about me? I don't have a port for the attachment."

The male human crew member suggests, "Maybe we can wrap a cloth around your discharge port and secure it with a rubber band. It's not ideal, but it might work for a short period of time."

The female robot nods in agreement, "It's better than nothing. Let's try it."

The female human crew member and the male human crew member help the female robot wrap a cloth around her discharge port and secure it with a rubber band. The solution is not perfect, but it allows the female robot to discharge her oil waste without causing any harm to the boat or the environment.

As the female robot stands in front of the human crew members, the male human crew member reaches out to inspect the discharge port. He carefully examines it, trying to figure out how to attach the cloth securely.

After a few moments, he turns to the female human crew member and says, "I think we need to wrap the cloth around the port and secure it with a rubber band."

The female human crew member nods in agreement, "That sounds like a good idea. Let's try it."

The two humans work together to wrap a cloth around the discharge port and secure it with a rubber band. As they work, the male robot watches intently, trying to learn from the experience.

The female robot stands still, patiently waiting for the humans to finish. As the cloth is wrapped around her discharge port and secured with a rubber band, she feels a slight pressure but no discomfort. The solution is not perfect, but it allows her to discharge her oil waste without causing any harm to the boat or the environment.

Once the cloth is secured, the female human crew member and the male human crew member step back to inspect their work. The male robot nods in approval, "That looks secure. Thank you for helping us."

As the female robot reaches critical levels, the human crew members quickly prepare a container for her to discharge her oil waste. The female robot stands still, focusing on the task at hand. She feels a slight pressure as the oil begins to flow out of her discharge port and into the container.

As the oil flows into the container, the female human crew member watches in fascination. She had never seen a robot discharge oil waste before, and the experience is both intriguing and a bit unsettling.

The male human crew member looks on, "Is everything okay? Do you need any assistance?"

The female robot nods, "Everything is fine. Thank you for your concern."

As the oil continues to flow, the female robot feels a sense of relief. She had been worried about reaching critical levels and causing harm to the boat or the environment. Now that the oil was safely contained, she could relax and focus on her tasks.

Once the oil has finished discharging, the female robot carefully removes the cloth and rubber band from her discharge port. The human crew members watch as she cleans and sanitizes the area before returning to her duties.

As the crew continues their fishing trip, the female human crew member starts to feel increasingly uncomfortable. Her bladder is full, and she desperately needs to relieve herself.

The male human crew member notices her discomfort, "Are you okay? Do you need to use the ocean as a restroom?"

The female human crew member hesitates, "I don't know. I don't feel comfortable doing that."

The male robot interjects, "I understand your concerns, but it's a natural bodily function. It's okay to use the ocean as a restroom."

The female robot nods in agreement, "Yes, it's common practice for fishermen to do so. We won't judge you."

The female human crew member looks conflicted, "I told your earlier, I didn't bring anything to swim in"

She is squirming and crossing her legs.

As the female human crew member tries to hold it in, her bladder starts to contract and fill. The sensation is uncomfortable and almost painful. She squirms in her seat, trying to find a comfortable position, but nothing seems to help.

As time passes, the discomfort becomes unbearable. The female human crew member starts to feel a sense of urgency and desperation. She knows she needs to relieve herself, but she doesn't want to do so in front of the male crew members and the robots.

The male human crew member notices her discomfort and tries to reassure her, "It's okay, we won't judge you. We're all adults here."

The female robot nods in agreement, "Yes, we understand. We have to discharge our oil waste too. It's just a natural bodily function."

Despite their reassurances, the female human crew member remains hesitant. She looks around the boat, trying to find a private place to relieve herself, but there is nowhere to go.

Finally, she can't hold it any longer and she knows she needs to make a decision or her body will make it for her.

Feeling desperate and unable to hold it any longer, the female human crew member unbuckles her jeans and presses her fingers deep into her labia, putting pressure on her pee hole to keep from leaking.

She feels another sharp wave of urgency come over her bladder and doubles over, now massaging her clit vigorously.

One of the male human crew members notices the female human crew member's discomfort and becomes concerned. "Are you okay? You look like you're in a lot of pain."

The female human crew member shakes her head, "No, I really need to pee, but I don't want to do it in front of everyone."

The male human crew member nods in understanding, "I know it's not ideal, but we're out here on the ocean"

She knows she needs to relieve herself soon. She looks around the boat, trying to find a private place to go, but there is nowhere to hide. She is unable to perform any work and is groaning.

One of the male human crew members notices the female human crew member's discomfort and becomes concerned. "Are you okay? You look like you're in a lot of pain."

The female human crew member shakes her head, "No, I really need to pee, but I don't want to do it in front of everyone."

The male human crew member nods in understanding, "I know it's not ideal, but we're out here on the ocean"

As the female human crew member realizes that she has no other option, she starts to feel a sense of relief mixed with embarrassment. She looks around nervously, making sure that no one is watching, and then starts to strip down naked.

Her face turns red with embarrassment as she slowly climbs down the ladder into the ocean. As she descends into the water, she feels a sudden release, and urine starts to drip from her labia lips.

The sensation is both embarrassing and a bit pleasurable. She feels a sense of release as her bladder finally empties, but she also feels exposed and vulnerable standing naked in front of her crewmates and the robots.

As the female human crew member climbs back onto the boat, she notices that her underwear is wet from leaking urine. She looks down at herself, feeling embarrassed and exposed.

The male human crew member notices her discomfort and offers her a towel, "Here, take this. You can cover yourself up."

The female human crew member hesitates for a moment, but then decides to remain naked. She feels a sense of freedom and release, and she doesn't want to put her wet underwear back on.

The male robot notices her choice and nods in understanding, "I understand your decision. It's important to be comfortable and confident in your own skin."

The female robot also nods in agreement, "Yes, we robots don't have any need for clothing. It's just a human construct."

The female human crew member feels a sense of relief and acceptance. She knows that she made the right decision for herself, and she feels more comfortable and confident than she has in a long time.

*006*2023-04-14 19:49

{{On 4/13/2023 at 10:12 AM, The Shark said:

Wow! These stories are awesome! The last one seems to have repeated paragraphs but overall it’s incredible! Love the out of the box concepts!

}}

I was using an AI text writer and may have accidentally left a rewrite in. I'll be working on some more.

