Pee On Her Lap

Author: Accidentz

*000*2017-08-18 04:50

Ok so as this story is 100% made up I don't want to consider it much as fiction because it's a hot fantasy I hope I can make come true someday. I am single btw so my 'girlfriend' is a made up character in this story, but I am a drag queen in real life.

I am out drinking with my girlfriend one cold winter night, dressed up in my female form, since she adores me as a woman and wanted to take her 'girlfriend' out. We come home later and get chilly from the cold outside. So we go cuddle up on my bed, while giving each other cute little kisses on our faces. Since we were both drunk this made us really kinky, so we get off the bed and she sits on some chair, grabs me and throws me down onto her lap, and starts making hard love with me.

Now that i'm sitting upright I realize all this beer caught up with my bladder. I was bursting so I tell her to stop a minute so I can go pee, but she refused to let go of me and kept her arms wrapped around me, violently kissing me. A few minutes pass and I moan to her in my girly voice "babe i have to pee sooooo bad please let go of meee". She says giggling "nope... your not going anywhere!" and holds me down tighter.

A few more minutes pass and I am now extremely desperate and start squirming in her arms trying to break free. I say again in my girly moan "mmmmm let goooo pleeeease why can't you just let me peeee I cant hold it anymore!" She says again giggling "you better hold it! I'm not letting you go till I feel like it!" Her resistence to let me go made me start dribbling in my panties. Moaning and squirming in her arms i said "noooo stoppp im about to peee myself! ooooohh im leaking!" But that only makes her squeeze me even tighter which made me leak even more. I keep whining like a girl and she kept giggling. She was incredibly aroused and amused by all of this.

I end up getting so desperate I can't hold back the flow anymore and i burst into a full flood, soaking both of our leggings and crotch/butts, i was shrieking in relief while she moans in pleasure. I pee for 2 minutes full flow and emptied my entire bladder on her. Completely soaked she kisses me on the forehead, caresses my face and says "damn girl! You peed alot! That was impressive!" I blush so hard feeling so flattered. So she begins to strip me as im giggling, throws me onto the bed naked, takes off her wet clothes, puts on her strap-on dildo and penetrates me. I lay there wailing and screaming in pleasure which made her go even faster and harder. Then I hit climax and had the most intense P-Spot orgasm of my life! Then the next night, we did the same exact thing vice versa, giving her the payback she deserved!

*002*2017-08-20 19:46

{{2 hours ago, tevoka said:

Very nice. I love to see femdom and gender play incorporated into omorashi. I hope you will share more of your fantasies.

}}

Thanks for responding, didnt think anyone would pay attention to this cause most people find crossdressing men gross.

Im a girly guy and I freaking love being dominated by women! I love BBWs and for them to be ontop of me during sex. Ive never been pegged before but the thought of it makes my heart race of excitement. Im not into guys but I would definately love for a girl to dress as a guy and me a girl

