The greatest show on earth

Author: Apan

*000*2022-10-14 17:19

For this one I decided to crawl into my teenage brain and concoct what most appropriately could be regarded as an amalgam of several actual events and circumstances (with some blanks filled in, of course), one in which I myself was the subject of desperation and which will form part of the backdrop of the story. The featured girl is a real one as well (and for some reason the hardest thing about writing this proved to be coming up with a fitting name for her, as I obviously don't wanna use her real name). We were in the same class way back when throughout our childhood and teens (and when we were small we would occasionally play together, but over time we grew apart as we had little in common).

Regarding the female half of my class, she was the prettiest of the lot by a country mile and it just so happened that she had a habit of announcing her toilet needs on several occasions, a couple of which I will weave in to this story, as well as often insisting on having at least one of the other girls come with her for reasons I will never understand. Also, being a fan of girls wearing shirts, I naturally have her buttoned-and-collared outfits she incidentally favoured during our final school years firmly imprinted in my brain. All in all, most of the main components are derived from reality, but the overall composition is of my own making. And just to wash my hands of it all, everyone mentioned in the story is turned 18.

###

It was during high school in springtime and we were about half an hour into our second class of the day, civics. Not one of my favourite subjects, being more into numbers and physics myself, and by this time, rock'n roll was honestly starting to overshadow my ambitions of becoming an engineer in the future. It didn't help that our civics teacher was a bit of a lefty loony always dressing in weird black clothes and smelling of cigarettes, and it certainly didn't help that she doubled as our art teacher as well. Not one of my favourite tutors, that's for sure, but little did I know that she would in one very specific respect become one in just a short while.

I don't remember the specifics of that day's civics lesson, probably something about governmental administration or whatever. What I do remember though is Emily, the looker of the class with blonde curles, a cute face with a slightly upturned nose and gleaming eyes framed with accentuated lashes and often underlined with the most disarming of smiles. Come to think of it, imagine something along the lines of Agnetha in ABBA back in the 70's. Not a dead ringer but sort of in the general ballpark. She was not the over-confident bimbo type, but certainly investing in her looks and always aware of her outfits. During this time she had a preference for tight-fitting button-up shirts with big collars, which turned me on something wicked.

I even kept track of what she wore and when she wore it; one shirt was a plain white one in what looked like a slightly thicker stretch material which she often coupled with a pair of tight black stretch pants. Another one was beige and textured which I saw her wear together with a pair of dark red tights once, and one very figure-hugging striped shirt like the one worn by the woman in that old Italian (or was it French?) commercial where she's walking in to a compartment with just a sink in which she tries to relieve herself before it breaks and she falls forward, remember that one? That shirt exactly but with green tones, one of Emily's favourites apparently as she often wore it. There was the fancy pants suit with a black shirt underneath I caught her wearing that one time, and one of my favourites; the lime green short-sleeved shirt with wide collars that she used to complement with a pair of really tight white pants that would leave little to the imagination if she soaked them.

Because yes, of course I used to fantisize about her getting caught short in some imaginary situation where she for some reason couldn't get to the bathroom in time and subsequently pissed herself wearing one of her sexy shirts and even sexier tight pair of pants, maybe sitting down as it spread on the chair and ran onto the floor after being refused permission during a particularily important class, or maybe standing cross-legged outside an occupied toilet, crying and banging on the door as urine sprayed out all around her clutching hand and through the thin stretched fabric all around her.

The fact that she actually had on a couple of occasions displayed some unadulterated desperation in school, often including not wanting (or daring) to walk out during a lesson, was not discouraging my imagination either. I remember piecing together all kinds of more or less plausible scenarios based on such fleeting moments while performing acts upon my adolescent self. Oh Emily, sweet Emily, please piss yourself in my prescence just once. You have already set the stage for the possibility. I don't even care if you choose not to wear a shirt; I will make you wear one in my mind anyway when I replay it afterwards. Good Lord, the nerdiest guys are the most perverted, that's for sure.

Right, so I was talking about shirts. Shirts are important, at least, they were important for Emily during this time in our late teens. This particular day she wore one I deliberately failed to mention above, one that was probably my favourite; once again a big-collared shirt with a grey/black distressed pattern, unbuttoned and wide open at the top, exposing her smooth neck and her ever so subtly outlined collar-bones, and her blonde curles falling down on her shoulders and the pointy collars opened wide. I'm getting too specific, aren't I?

Oh, and one of my favourite pair of pants (on her, that is); beige, stretchy and very tight and hip-hugging, accentuated by the fact that they lacked back pockets, and the legs flaring out ever so slightly at the bottom. She had worn this particular combo before, feeding my perverted imagination as it would be the absolutely perfect uniform for a glorious wetting accident. Those pants... oh God, how so very and utterly obvious they would show off an accident; dark, soaked and glistening patterns spreading out against the originally light tan fabric. The greatest show on earth! Alas, only in my own head.

Thusly, my mind was intermittently aware of her appearance this day, ever so slightly distracting my attention which wasn't exactly on high alert anyway during this particular class. Our civics teacher droned on about whatever was on the agenda. Blah blah blah, shut up! I don't like you or your lessons and I want to go home and play guitar. Me and my mate who I was sitting next to fooled around with badly drawn cartoons in our respective notebooks to pass the time, stifling the occasional guffaw at the yield of our pencils. Then suddenly, right in the midst of our teacher's explications as she paused, I heard from across the classroom:

- Can I go to the bathroom?

That was Emily, promptly and seemingly out of nowhere expressing her need in front of the whole class, not even preceding her request with the expected raising of the hand. That was slightly puzzling in and of itself but as the bathroom policy wasn't that strict during our final school years (even if our civics/art teacher was one of those who just as easily could have denied a bathroom break as permitting it) I figured that Emily would be excused and that would be the end of that. Still, I remember thinking that her sudden request would feed my fantasy enough for me to have something to wank to when I got home, especially as she was wearing that shirt together with those pants.

But what ensued was even more puzzling and - to me - amazing.

Nothing.

Nothing ensued; no reply from the teacher, or more precisely, no reaction from her. It was as if she didn't even hear Emily's request, which she most probably didn't as she continued talking. I remember my mate making a passing comment to me along the lines of "No, you cannot" in a joking manner (internal joke, I'm not even gonna bother picking it apart) but I was on my highest alert. I did not want to go home and play guitar anymore, I wanted the lesson to last forever, the teacher to drone on forever, whatever it would take to be in the prescence of Emily while she was kept from a toilet for as long as possible!

She hadn't received a reply which meant she hadn't received a yes which meant she implicitly had received a no. Like I said, she was rather shy about outing such matters to teachers for some reason, so the fact that she had uttered it straight out without even raising her hand must have meant she really had to go. At least that's what I hoped for then and then. It was still about half an hour left of the lesson. Please don't ask again, please don't press the issue, please interpret our teacher's obliviousness as a refusal and just sit there and hold it!

And, as if someone beyond our comprehension had taken heed of my perverted wishes, the rest of the lesson went on without any further mention from Emily about needing the bathroom. I conjured up one possible reason she had chosen to try to get out just then, because we had that lesson in a classroom located at one end of the school which had exactly one bathroom nearby in the adjacent corridor. Our next class would be in another part of the school which didn't have a bathroom close by, the nearest being the ones in the main hall where most of our lockers were and that was quite a bit away from where we would be then. That very fact told me that she possibly was betting on relieving herself before finding herself in a classroom much further away from the toilets. At least that's how I would have reasoned back then.

So the lesson went on and I tried as inconspicuosly as possible to keep track of Emily's situation. She did not necessarily appear too desperate as of yet, but I did catch her legs being held together while she gently moved about on the chair. I notices her looking at the clock on the wall with a slightly worried look every now and then. The clock ticked on, fifteen minutes until break time. Emily crossed her legs and seemed to settle down while taking notes. A little further movement on the chair. Please run over time, teacher, please! No such luck; soon the lesson ended and Emily would not wet her sexy clothes despite having set up what could have been a perfect scenario. Damn, so unfair! Then again, what 18-year old would piss themselves, and in school of all places?

###

As the class ended around 10 o'clock we all headed out in the hallway and back towards the main hall and our respective lockers. The toilet doors, two in total, were facing the locker area on the wall stretching all the way to the exit at the back of the school, meaning that whoever was to do their business would be in full view of everyone in the hall. Including myself, who of course kept an eye in that general direction and couldn't help getting ever so slightly aroused by the fact that two girls entered the respective toilet just as me and my classmates were changing books for the next lesson. Because none of those girls were named Emily.

I noticed her by her locker, looking towards the toilets and I could just about make out a slight curtsey in tandem with her disappointed sigh as she realized her toilet break would be postponed, if only for a couple of minutes. She resorted to pick out her books and, to my ever rising excitment, followed her friends down the hallway towards the classroom at its very end, albeit not without casting a worried glance towards the still occupied toilet doors before entering the hallway.

Emily was obviously not keen on disclosing her need and as we waited outside the classroom, she stood chatting with her girlfriends while holding her books in front of her. She was pacing slightly back and forth while chatting and after a couple of minutes when the chat had died down momentarily, I noticed her glancing back along the corridor as if contemplating rushing off to the bathroom before the lesson. Then I heard her, just in passing:

- God, I really need to go to the toilet, will you come with me?

She was adressing one of the other girls who replied something along the lines of:

- Now? Class is just about to begin...

Emily looked back worriedly along the corridor, pacing slightly and crossing her legs while pursing her lips. By now I was certain she would abandon her policy of always dragging some girlfriend along with her and rush off to the toilet by herself. But as if on cue, I saw our teacher approaching at the far end of the corridor. Yes! Emily turned around towards the classroom door in resignation. She looked disappointed.

We entered the classroom and I carefully kept an eye on Emily who I noticed standing by the teacher's desk as if to request something. I wonder what that something could possibly be...

But as it happened, the teacher was preoccupied with a discussion between herself and two of my classmates, God knows about what, probably some homework issue or something. Emily stood with her books still held in front of her, clearly impatient and itching to get a word in with the teacher, but after the brief discussion with the other two, our teacher adressed the whole class and told everyone to sit down. There were a few of the more unruly persuation who probably prompted this demand, but Emily of course had little choice but to heed the call and get to her seat. Did I mention that she looked disappointed?

The class, history this time, went underway. Still not one of my favourite subjects but at least our history teacher was somewhat more bearable but still a bore, not doing anything to aid my potential interest in events of the distant past. Not that I needed it today, being on full alert on the prettiest girl in class now squirming around on her chair while listening to our stately bore of a teacher droning on about something I don't remember. The first half of the class, around 20 minutes or so, was spent on the teacher holding court.

As the agenda was switching to us being left to some reading and additional answering of questions in our own time, I noticed Emily staring intently at our teacher while straightening up, carefully crossing her legs tight and rising her hand somewhat cautiously. She was moving ever so sligthly back and forth on the chair while waiting to be noticed. I looked back toward the front and our teacher who was once again talking to another of my classmates in a completely different direction from Emily who was becoming more and more distressed by the delay. She was starting to wave her hand and after maybe ten or so seconds, she shyly uttered our teacher's name to catch her attention.

But just as our teacher ended her talk with the others and was about to look in Emily's general direction, she announced that she had to leave briefly and take care of something and that we were to continue working with our reading tasks meanwhile. Whatever questions we had would be dealt with later when she returned, probably hinting at the couple of hands that were signalling her attention, one of which belonged to Emily who once again had to resign to even further waiting. My heart rate increased. Please take your time, please teacher, don't be back until it's almost over! Emily took down her hand and drew in her breath through her teeth in frustration. She made a little tap dance with her knees held together and went back to reading.

###

During our teacher's absence I regularly gauged Emily's situation; she was sitting and reading with her legs tightly crossed and bouncing them up and down every now and then, alternating it with some squirming on the chair. The minutes ticked by and with about 10 minutes left of the class our teacher returned. She was about to wrap up the lesson and stood talking for the last part. Emily was once again staring intently at her, now with her legs uncrossed but still bouncing them alternately with her hands gripping the side of the chair. As class was almost over I guess she decided to wait it out but the teacher's droning was obviously trying her patience.

Finally at about 11 AM we were let out and it was lunchtime. Except that this particular day it wasn't. Not for us anyway, because now I need to reveal something which I myself actually had almost forgotten about this day, namely that everyone in my grade hade some kind of guest lecture scheduled just now, meaning that our lunch would be postponed another hour. Under any other circumstance I would have cursed the whole project, having gained some hunger by this time and all, but for reasons that should be obvious by now I was more excited than ever. Now if only Emily could be kept from sneaking into the bathroom beforehand...

As my class went back to the main locker area, I noticed to my absolute amazement that the cleaning lady was doing her thing in the two bathrooms. I didn't get to see Emily's reaction to this, her being shielded from view by other students, but it was clear that she would not be able to use any of those two toilets before the lecture. Moments later though, as we all were approaching the main lecture hall, she and another girl in the class were scurrying away along the hallway, past the lecture hall and towards the canteen. You see, on the other side of the canteen was a cloakroom and a flight of stairs leading down to the basement where there was yet another bathroom. I personally preferred using that one whenever the need arose, as it was a bit more discreetly located than the other ones. I concluded that it also must have been the ultimate destination for Emily who had convinced one of the other girls to come with her.

As everyone else were settling down in the lecture hall, Emily and the other girl joined and inched their way into the seat row in front of the one I had chosen. As people were sitting down, Emily stood hesitantly and glanced toward the exit with her legs held tightly together and, being well within hearing distance, I caught her exclaiming in passing to her friend:

- God, I am about piss myself, honestly!

Wow.

My heart rate increased again and my chap was in full attention. Apparently her toilet visit had been unsuccessful and the only plausible reason I could come up with was that it had been occupied. I mean, this was just too good to be true, right? As she stood in the row in front of mine looking anxiously across the hall, I was expecting her to take off toward the main hall in hope that the cleaning lady was done doing her duties. But she didn't and instead reluctantly sat down as the lecturer was about to commence. As she had situated herself in the middle of the row, there were quite a few people to pass in case she decided to leave so the inconvenience and - probably mainly - humiliation made her opting for to sit down instead and hope for the best. I know I did, even though I'm sure we had completely different ideas about whatever constituted "the best"...

Now, to this day I'm not sure about the educational significance of this lecture. All I remember is that the guy in question was flown in from the British isles, may have been Scotland but I honestly don't remember. He was there to deliver tales and anecdotes of which I only remember one; something about scotsmen (assuming he was one, that is) having a knack for discreetly lighting a cigarette in their pocket. Ace stuff. Whatever he was going on about otherwise I cannot for the life of me remember. It probably didn't help that I was sitting in the row behind the prettiest girl in class who just announced that she was about to piss her pants and was now trapped for another hour, or at least until her pride and shyness would be undercut by her urgency. I sure was hoping for her pride to withstand it.

The guest lecturer did his thing and the minutes ticked by. I hade a sidelong view of Emily, mostly in profile but sometimes as she turned her head looking anxiously around, I saw the utter distress etched in her cute face. I tried to get a view of her legs every now and then and whenever I did, she was grinding her knees together, up and down in a slow motion, all the while squirming around in her seat. Maybe about 15 minutes in, her hands suddenly landed on the inside of her thighs, almost in her crotch but not quite. She held them there for a few seconds and then gripped the armrests while once again looking towards the exit. After some hesitation, she settled down again although this time with tightly crossed legs, just as she had done in the class before.

20 minutes, 25, 30... she couldn't sit still for a second now. About 35 minutes in, she once again gripped the armrest with one hand while shoving the other between her legs, briefly holding her breath. She was now red in the face and I could just about make out a tear making its way down her cheek. Still 25 minutes to go. My mouth and throat was dry with excitement. Please lecturer, don't call for a break. Please Emily, don't leave. Please everyone in the row, don't let her out if she does.

And just then, Emily leaned over to her friend next to her and whispered in an alarmed tone something I could barely make out, but the essence of it was to pass on a request to our form-master in the row in front of them if she could get out and go to the toilet as it was an emergency. I pricked up my ears and tried to shield out the lecturer's monologue as her friend leaned forth and whispered to our teacher:

- Emily really needs to go to the bathroom, can she leave real quick?

Emily sat with her legs double-crossed moving from side to side while gripping the armrests and staring toward our teacher while waiting for approval. I zoned in on the conversation taking place between the rows in front of me. I couldn't hear the reply of our teacher but I sure knew what it meant when he shook his head slightly from side to side - the universal sign of ultimate denial. Emily tightened up her posture and whispered somewhat loudly in his direction a despairing:

- Please???

Once again he shook his head and made a point of there being only about 20 minutes left. I was in heaven. Emily was undoubtedly approaching hell. I think it was around this point in the lecture that the pocket-lighter story was delivered and even today, whenever I encounter someone lighting up a cigarette in a novel way, I get a hard-on because in my brain it will always be associated with poor Emily squirming around in the lecture hall seat about to absolutely piss herself in her light beige pants having just been officially denied a bathroom break. She was still crossing her legs hard while moving back and forth on the seat. I was wondering if the cushion had received some yet, if it had started to go damp. By the look on her face it just as well could have because it was all red and tears started to fill her eyes.

10 minutes left and she suddenly stiffened, leaning slightly forward with a panicked gasp. Is this it? She half-stood up with one hand pressed against her thigh, looking like she prepared to make a mad dash out of the room despite all the humiliation and the break prohibition. She looked around toward the exit with her legs pressed tightly together, still supporting herself with her hand against her thigh as if she couldn't stand up straight for all the pain her full bladder inflicted upon her. After a moment of hesitation she sat down again however, this time not crossing her legs but rather moving her knees and thighs over each other and squeezing them together real hard in brief periods.

5 minutes left. Emily moved back and forth, side to side, grinding her thighs together.

4 minutes, constantly looking back at the clock on the wall every five seconds, beet red in the face and almost crying.

3 minutes, lecturer just about wrapping it up. Would he run over time?

2 minutes, Emily absolutely at the very edge, gripping the armrests hard, sliding back and forth on the seat. Please run over time!

1 minute. The lecturer was still in the midst of a tirade that sure sounded like it wasn't going to be finished within that promised last minute! Emily breathing heavily, legs crossed once again, bum sliding about on the seat.

0 minutes. Lecturer still not done.

Oh God.

- Just one last thing, do we have time?

YES! Take all the time you want, you've come all the way from Scotland! Emily started crying now. I caught her sniffle between silently moaning in utter desperation.

Minus 1 minute. Legs absolutely intertwined as Emily slanted over to one side trying to put as much pressure as possible on her thighs.

Minus 2 minutes. Emily breathing hard, legs shaking, body twisting around, tighs pressed together.

Minus 3 minutes. Emily holding her breath, lecturer wrapping up his final thouAAAAH!

She gasped and flew up from her seat. Even I was startled by her sudden movement as she pushed her way down the row of seats, prompting everyone to give way to the desperate girl. My eyes were locked on her pants which were still not showing any evidence of her oncoming misfortune. She was out of the row in maybe about 10 seconds and simply ran out of the hall towards the door leading to the cafeteria, and subsequently the canteen and out to those stairs leading down to the basement toilet. I wish I could have found a legitimate excuse to follow but alas, I had to wait out the lecturer's final words along with everyone else.

###

Having wrapped it all up not even a minute afterwads, the lecturer thanked everyone for listening and we all rose from our seats to finally get us some overdue lunch. Definitely bitter about having been so begrudgingly robbed of the final scene of Emily's desperation, I started off towards the canteen together with everyone else, but for some reason I turned to walk towards my locker instead. I don't remember why now, but I'm forever grateful to my lucky star that I did.

Because who whizzed past me in the hallway on my way there if not the most desperate girl I had ever seen. A girl named Emily. She ran along the corridor while simultaneously trying to keep her legs as tightly together as possible, almost to the point of constantly tripping over herself. I realized that the one bathroom in the basement once again had to be occupied, or maybe the cleaning lady had made her way to there by now? Whatever it was, it effectively kept Emily from ultimately relieving herself meaning she had to make a sprint to the nearest other toilet which was either of the two located in the main hall locker area.

As she went past me and approached the half-flight of stairs right before the main hall, she suddenly stopped, leaned on the wall at the top of the stairs and twisted her legs into a literal corkscrew while bending down in what must have been the ultimate effort not to have a giant accident right there. My heart went into overdrive. Had she started to wet? I approached her on my way to the locker area trying to act nonchalant as I passed her down the stairs, all the while stealing glances at her light beige pants. Nothing in the way of wetness from what I could see. Damn. But she looked so sexy, all red in the face and sobbing in utter desperation while bouncing slightly on her double-crossed legs for a few second.

Having passed her on my way down the stairs, I needed to think fast if I wanted to keep my vantage point. I stopped in front of the stairs at one end of the main hall where a notice board was hangning on the janitor's cubicle alongside a display cabinet and pretended to have a passing look at them. From there I had a sideways view of the two toilet doors, both slightly ajar. But at that very moment, a group of girls chatting amongst themselves casually walked past them and one of them entered one of the bathrooms, leaving just the other one vacant.

I looked up the stairs at Emily who was obviously at the very end of her rope before a giant accident if she didn't make the final sprint down to the toilet. She seemed to momentarily gain control and hobbled down the few steps toward the main hall. I switched attention to the toilet doors and honestly thought about taking fate into my own hands and enter the free one myself to deny Emily her last chance. I had but a few seconds to act upon my devilish instinct, the chance of a lifetime to actually make a pretty girl in sexy clothing piss herself and thus having myself a jerk-off scenario for the ages.

But I was too weak-kneed. I couldn't do it, I daredn't do it. It would be too obvious what I was trying to do and there might even have been a bit of moral contraint going on. Damn! She would make it at the last moment after all. Damn damn damn! I watched her waddling forward, slightly bent, criss-crossing her legs with both hands pressed against her thighs. But she was about to be saved.

Then I saw it - Another one of those girls I mentioned decided that she needed to spend a penny as well and moved towards the vacant toilet while still talking to the others. I looked back at Emily who saw what was about to happen, visibly panicked and started hobbling towards the door faster, obviously in an effort to get there in time to convince the girl to let her go first. She advanced in small but rapid steps, all the while twisting her legs around each other. I noticed her despairing facial expression right before she turned left towards the toilets. I stared intently at the girl grabbed the open door, seemingly still oblivious to her desperate competitor.

My heartbeat increased by the second, my mouth bone dry, my breathing intensifying in anticipation. Please don't notice Emily. Please don't notice Emily. Please don't notice Emily.

Well, she made it.

The girl, that is.

The girl not named Emily.

I couldn't believe it. The girl beat poor Emily to the one free toilet with maybe a couple of seconds, slamming the door in her face. Emily immedieately tugged on the handle and banged the door with her palm while rapidly curtseying up and down, pinching her legs tightly in total panic! This was the last straw.

SSH

Oh God.

SSHH

Oh my effing God.

HHHHSSH

Piss started to spurt out in short bursts through the tight stretch fabric of her sexy pants, dripping on the floor underneath her bouncing ass.

SSSSHH

The remainder of the girls stared in dibelief, one of them covering her mouth in shock. Dark streaks meandered down Emily's light pant legs.

SSSSSSHHH

- OPEN UP!!!!!

SSSSSSHHHHHH

- PLEASE, OPEN UP!!!!

SSSSSSHHHHHHHHHH

- PLEEEEEASEEEEEEEEE.... NOOOOOOOO......

SSSSSSSSSSSHSSHHHHHHSHHSHSHHHSHSHSHSSHHHHSHHHHHSSHSSSS

Poor, poor, ultra-desperate Emily settled in a resigning half-crouching position as piss exploded into her pants with a violent hiss. It took but a mere few seconds for the stretch fabric to be thoroughly saturated, leading to literal rivers of piss flowing along her pinched legs. Some of it went straight through her pants below her buttocks and the backside of her thighs, raining down into the rapidly expanding puddle. Her once light beige pants turned a dark glistening brown, dripping at the bottom hems around her shoes.

By now all of those girls were covering their mouths, clearly not knowing what to make of the spectacle in front of them. I, on the other hand, knew exactly what to make of it, and so did my chap who was now rock hard, pulsating and doing a big number on my underwear beneath my jeans. My heart was pounding like an idling V8 and my mouth was drier than its exhaust manifold on a summer's day. Emily just kept on pissing herself outside those locked toilet doors, the puddle stretching out on the floor several feet and still expanding. She was still crouching, leaning on the door, so helpless, so devastated, so humiliated, all beet red in the face while bawling her eyes out, her drenched pants way beyond the point of being able to soak up anything more as her piss continued hissing out relentlessly. Byrds and Creedence beckoned - The river flows, it flows to the sea, and I wonder, still I wonder, who'll stop the rain.

It seemed no one could stop the rain, least of all Emily. She pissed and pissed and pissed for over one and a half minutes after totally exploding in front of the newly locked door. Her beige pants were no longer so, more like golden brown, almost to the point of having been submerged in a bathtub of water. I stood paralyzed by the notice board, taking it all in. I could even faintly smell the urine from where I stood a few meters away from the ocean Emily had created in front of the still occupied toilets. She was burying her face in her hands, still crying heavily and probably trying to convince herself that she was invisible but I can assure you that she was anything but.

I realized I had to keep moving towards my locker in order not to raise any suspicion about being a perv or something. I mean, I definitely was, but I felt it sufficient to just remain the weirdo most people regarded me as. So I tried to act like what had just played out in the main hall was more like "Huh, that chick pissed herself, how about that" and not the sexiest thing I have ever seen in my life. I'm glad none of my classmates were present just then, because I would not have been able to uphold my facade. I noticed a teacher approaching Emily who was still haplessly crying and she led her away up the stairs towards the teacher's lounge.

I had to get back to the canteen and get my lunch, by then being the only one in our class who knew about Emilys catastrophic accident, but that would soon change as rumours would spread about the desperate girl who had been beaten to the toilet and ended up flooding her pants outside the locked door. Anyone in my class who had paid attention throughout the morning would also know why she ended up wetting herself, but I the closet teenage pervert just so happened to be the only one who caught the whole show. The greatest show on earth.

*004*2022-10-21 09:59

As always, grateful for the positive feedback. Thanks a bunch!

