Tracer’s Suit Problem

Author: Anon_User

*000*2023-06-30 12:30

Tracer arrived home from a particularly intense mission, her body tingling with a mix of adrenaline and exhaustion. Emily, her girlfriend, was away visiting family, leaving Tracer alone in their apartment. She sighed, grateful for a moment of solitude before her thoughts turned to the urgent matter at hand. As she made her way to the bathroom, a sudden realization stopped her in her tracks. "I'm still in my damn jumpsuit!" Tracer exclaimed, her voice filled with both frustration and panic. Her jumpsuit, with its sleek design and lack of a zipper, posed a formidable obstacle to her basic bodily needs. And worse yet, she wore her chrono accelerator—a device that kept her anchored in the present to combat her chronal disassociation—around her breasts, making any attempt to undress futile. Tracer's heart raced as anxiety coursed through her veins. What was she going to do? 

The thought of holding in her desperate need to pee until Emily returned, which could potentially take days, seemed like an impossible feat. The pressure on her bladder increased with each passing minute, causing discomfort that was impossible to ignore. As the hours ticked by, Tracer's desperation grew. Her bulging bladder could be seen through the fabric of her skin-tight jumpsuit, the telltale sign of her predicament. She crossed her legs, squirmed, and rubbed her lower abdomen, trying desperately to alleviate some of the pressure. Sweat trickled down her forehead, mingling with the worry lines etched on her face. Her thirst became unbearable, a reminder of her body's need for hydration. With a momentary lapse of judgment, she ran to the kitchen and grabbed a cup, filling it to the brim with water. She gulped down the entirety of it, temporarily quenching her thirst but instantly regretting her impulsive decision. The consequences of an even fuller bladder dawned on her, tightening her chest with fear.

Two hours passed, and Tracer's pain reached an excruciating level. Her bladder had expanded to the size of a soccer ball, an undeniable presence pressing against her lower abdomen. She doubled over, crossing her legs even harder, clenching her teeth, and forming fists with her trembling hands. She knew she had reached her limit. Her gaze darted to the kitchen sink, a desperate thought whispering in the back of her mind. But she fought against it, resisting the urge to succumb to such an undignified act. She clutched her bulging belly, gritting her teeth, determined to withstand the torment a little longer. Then, as if all her resistance shattered in a moment of utter surrender, Tracer couldn't hold on any longer. The pain overwhelmed her, eradicating any remaining semblance of control. She sprinted towards the kitchen, climbing on top of the sink. With a primal scream, she finally released her pent-up urine, relief mingling with an agonized cry. 

She leaned forward, her forehead resting against the cool surface of the sink, her body trembling with release and fatigue. Minutes turned into a blurred haze of pure sensation—a mixture of pleasure, agony, and sheer catharsis for Tracer. Finally, after what felt like an eternity, the last drop of urine trickled out of her, leaving her trembling and feeling weak. Exhaustion took over, and she stumbled toward the couch, collapsing onto it in a daze. Tracer drifted into a deep sleep, her body finally at ease. She had endured the unthinkable, the unrelenting pressure of her bladder no longer tormenting her. And though it was a harrowing experience, she knew one thing for certain—she never wanted to hold her pee like that again. Epilogue: Tracer awoke hours later to the familiar sound of the apartment door unlocking. Emily had returned. She rushed into the room, her eyes filled with concern. Tracer smiled weakly, relief washing over her as she recounted the events of the day. "Love, you won't believe what happened," Tracer began, her voice filled with a mix of amusement and exhaustion.

