Shelly McGill Series Part 2: The Sleepover at Swiftbrooke

Author: AliasnameTO

*000*2017-02-23 04:36

By popular demand, a sequel to my first story about Shelly McGill, Getting Her Feet Wet

. I'm really excited about this one. At the time of posting, it's not complete, but even in its unfinished state it's a lot to chew on. Enjoy The Sleepover at Swiftbrooke.

1: The Others

Being friends with Erica Montblanc had exceeded all of Shelly McGill’s expectations. Instead of being a stuck-up priss, Erica did everything to deserve her popularity and more. Before Shelly knew it, she had thrown herself into caring very much for the queen of cool.

But in the week or so following the party where the girls first bonded, life again pressed upon Shelly’s high spirits. The cost for making a new friend was having everyone else treat her differently. Where she was previously left alone, she now caught sidelong looks in class. In the halls, people parted before her, keeping their distance. Even at lunch she found no respite from the isolation which had begun to bug her since she sat by herself. Enough was enough. She sighed and got up from her spot on the concrete.

Having friended Erica on social media and texted back-and-forth with her a few times, she was ready to sit with her at lunch. Shelly, with her artist’s eye, had earlier made a note of where Erica sat and strode to the table with confidence.

But perhaps she had made a mistake. Countless times she had seen Erica there, but now she stood before a group of dolled-up girls who might have been at the party wondering why their space was being invaded. And there was no Erica to save her. Part of her pushed for a retreat with her tail between her legs, wishing she had stayed in her spot outside.

However, her weird treatment begged an answer, and she had suffered worse humiliations than this. She swallowed and pressed them, “Um, is this where Erica Montblanc usually sits?”

They looked at her like something funny just happened and they were not allowed to laugh. “Yeah, what of it?” said April DeSantis. She played basketball and had the tall and sinewy body of an Olympian. But none of her physicality or heavy makeup smoothed the way she kept a constant, subtle sneer. It left her natural beauty tainted. Shelly doubted this was going to go well.

“I was hoping I could sit with her.” And more so, to get a clue as to why I’m socially radioactive all of the sudden.

April snickered. “Kind of random, but yeah, she’s not here today. You’d have known that, just like you’d know about her sleepover coming up if she was actually friends with you.” The other girls covered their own smirks, transparently wishing for Shelly to go away.

The answer stung, but she was prepared for something of the sort. “Okay, I guess I’ll see you guys later.”

She began to turn away, but April lifted her hand. “Hold on a sec, just let me find her on my phone.” The turn to helpfulness was too late to reassure Shelly. But she played along while April put on a show of fake-calling Erica and leaving a message. “Hey Erica,” she said in an exaggerated lilt, “It’s April. There was a girl who wanted to sit with her new fwend, but you weren’t in school today. Don’t worry, she didn’t ruin any seats. I think her name was-- Shelly McSpill?” That was it; the other girls erupted in laughter. One tossed a feminine pad at her, jeering, “It’s my last one, but you need it more than I do.”

What? Shelly recognized it as nastiness, but had no idea what they were getting at. Until the elements clicked for her. They were talking about her accident at the party! She had broken her self-imposed rule by walking barefoot on grass, no less than while beyond desperate for a bathroom. The tickly feeling of the blades did her in; she had peed her jeans to the ankles. Erica put on a heroic attempt to fix what happened, but it was still in front of everyone. Word must have gotten out. Anger for the bullying overtook Shelly. But shame then overtook her anger, as she had no dignity left. She was frozen before them, tomato-faced. Only when they pressed their crotches and did baby-crying gestures did she force herself to slink away, holding back tears.

She sat down to eat back at her usual spot, still sniffling and blotting her eyes after the piercing taunts. Evil to the core, every one. Why would Erica ever put up with them? She decided to send a message for real. Through text she learned Erica had missed school for an upset stomach. Shelly decided not to trouble her further with the clique’s abuse or ask about the supposed sleepover, but confirmed she would be back the next day. With Erica there to ease Shelly’s loneliness and temper those feral girls, maybe things would turn around.

At the same time the next day, Shelly returned to the lunch table, ready for the worst. But it did not come. Erica preempted comment by beckoning and calling out to her, “Hey Shel!” April and the others traded looks, but stayed silent. This satisfied Shelly enough for her to summon a smile. She sat at the empty seat, unfortunately right next to April. Erica asked across the table, “So what brings you over here all of the sudden?”

“A change of pace I guess,” Shelly said, full of forced nonchalance, “Wanted to see your part of the world and got tired of eating alone.” That last part sounded pathetic and she regretted saying it. When would she quit being awkward? She thought of something fast to get beyond it. “I heard you guys are having a sleepover soon?”

The other girls raised their eyebrows at Erica, but she brightened even further. She answered, “Yeah! We were shooting for this weekend. I actually meant to invite you yesterday, but I was so out of it.” April looked away. “Think you can make it?”

There was no way in hell she would refuse, even if it meant spending the night with that repulsive gaggle. She had to prove her friend status. Maybe that way they would back off some. Or even better, they might even apologize.

At least she could worry less about a pee-related calamity. Tiny leaks in her pants concerned her little enough. Privately, she liked the excitement and good feeling they brought, most times doing it on purpose even after the accident. She was rarely 100% dry as a result. However, a sleepover meant she would likely be seen in her underwear, so would have to double down on holding it until her troubles were off the radar. No more Shelly McSpill. “Yeah,” she said.

Erica raised her fists in a muted cheer. “Awesome! Since it’s the first weekend of October, we were thinking of doing a horror marathon.”

April interjected, “I guess that’s cool.” It was mixed news for Shelly as well. As much as she loved horror movies, which was a lot, she preferred to watch them alone. It ramped up the terror factor and freed her to be the enormous wimp about them that she was. The first creepy chord never failed to raise goosebumps. When it came to jump scares, no matter how predictable, they got her. Her control extended to letting out the occasional squeal instead of a full-on shriek. But her heart thumped and she felt alive during the grisly scenes and in-between moments when sharing the characters’ experiences. The emotional high stayed with her for hours after the end, when the intense dread kept her on a hair trigger the rest of the night. Watching them as part of a group may have been ill-advised. But there was no backing out now.

They spent the remainder of lunch planning the details. Erica revealed that her grandparents would let the girls use their “castle” a few hours to the west. She clarified it was a vacation home built somewhat recently, but it looked literally like a castle, so would be the best venue for horror movies. Since Erica’s dad was the only one available to supervise and seemed fairly hands-off, they may as well have had the house to themselves.

Shelly left for her last class of the day rejuvenated. Never mind her new reputation as the girl who wet herself. She was going to have a stellar time with Erica. And even if it meant trying harder to be tough on her bathroom and scary movie habits, she had a shot of rebuilding her self-esteem.

2: The House on Haunted Hill

Everything hummed along on schedule. Shelly had everything together in the hours before Erica came to pick her up. She decided to show off her freckles in a black tank top with a picture of Edgar Allan Poe on the front. And she even had enough courage left over to button the same pink skinny jeans she had infamously flooded with pee the last time. They belonged to Erica’s sister, so they were coming with her one way or another. To top it off, in her pile of supplies was a bag with extra clothes and snacks, a pillow, and a blanket. She also contributed her parents’ DVD of The Shining to the heap. She had never seen it, but they said it was a classic. Their taste in movies seldom erred.

She had been gulping peach tea to soothe her parched throat. It helped also to calm her nerves until the Mercedes finally pulled into her driveway. Her heart started fluttering all over again. She slipped on her sneakers and took a final mouthful of tea before depositing her stuff in the trunk and joining the others in the back seat. It was a tight fit with all of them in there-- Erica and her dad in the front, with Shelly, April, and the other brunette and blonde from the lunch table in the back, with Rachel sitting on Jordan’s lap. Erica warned, “Hope you guys are comfortable back there, because it’s pretty far.”

It turned out that Erica had told the truth. They left the traffic of the suburbs and began winding their way through the country. Trees with leaves of green, amber, and red hugged both sides of the road. The effect that arose when the sun caught the growth dazzled.

But they had a lot of road to go. Shelly grew aware of aches stemming from her bad posture. She had to shift around to get comfortable. Her fidgeting drew groans and requests to “Sit still!” from April, but the other girl ended up causing Shelly more discomfort. Her arm began to itch where it rubbed against April’s, prickly from how she likely shaved them. Shelly’s protests just escalated things.

“She’s about to piss on me,” April announced.

Heat flashed in Shelly’s cheeks. She actually was getting the odd bladder twinge, but fired back, “It’s just itching from your arm hair.” The comeback was mild even by her own standards, but April glared. The others chuckled at the jab.

Erica’s dad joined the fray. “Hey! Be nice,” he scolded, “I thought you guys were gonna have fun together. At least cool it until we get there.”

The girls managed. The sun had set by the time they drew near. The road rose into rougher country, and the trees, once warm and vibrant, cast all manner of shadows under the moon. “Here it is, you guys,” Erica chimed, “Look.”

The building broke the curve of the hills, standing proud. It was not the pennant-topped Disney castle Shelly liked to have imagined, but it defied most other names. Its stone walls rose four stories, and were capped by crenellations and turrets. A corner tower, rising higher still, presided over the house and countryside. Light glowed from inside the building’s many arrow loops and soaring windows.

“Holy crap, Erica,” Shelly gushed, “Your grandparents own this place?”

“Yeah,” she said, “It’s newer than it looks, though.”

The tires ground on the gravel at the entrance. While the girls piled out to gape at the vaulted front door, Erica’s father mentioned that it was called Swiftbrooke Manor, built as a gothic revival by a distant (very wealthy) relative in the 1840’s. Good enough for the girls’ purposes. “Just be careful on the stairs. Don’t want anyone to get hurt.”

3: Truth or Scare

Loaded down with bags and bedding, Shelly followed the procession inside. While the facade was distinctly medieval, the foyer looked more properly Victorian. A brass chandelier hung, extravagantly decorated, in the middle of the room. Patterns dominated: they were present in the hardwood floors, the weave of the rugs, and wallpaper. Twin staircases stretched to the wood-paneled second story.

It was a lot to take in. “Don’t worry,” Erica said, “It’s got flatscreen TVs and running water.”

“Good news for McSpill.” Shelly shot April a dirty look. She was about to ask for the bathroom after the car ride, but changed her mind. Maybe holding it a little longer would get April to forget about her.

They left their shoes at the entrance. All but Shelly had worn sandals, leaving her as the only one who had to untie her sneakers. She had to race upstairs to the others in sock-feet. However, the hardwood stairs had no carpet runner to assist her in climbing. In a rush to keep up, she slipped off a step about halfway to the landing, at least managing to catch herself without injury. “Careful, Shel!” Erica’s dad repeated. She hated being told off by someone else’s parents. She hated more having lost a dribble of pee in her panties when she slipped, after resolving to be better about it. Otherwise, the teasing would never stop.

She wore a long face while traversing the hall to the spiral staircase, where Erica’s room was. But seeing the accommodations cheered her right back up. This room had a fantastic view thanks to being in the tower, lush carpet, and a cabinet which, when opened, revealed a gigantic TV. Erica opened the mini-fridge hidden beneath to reveal drinks and snacks. They were all set for the movie marathon.

After the girls had chosen good spots, Erica hit the lights to start Halloween. Shelly sat between Erica and April on the bed. A slasher staple, it led none of the audience to hold back in yelling advice to the main characters. They did so in between downing sodas while Michael Myers made prey of his victims. Shelly only jumped a few times, not enough to draw attention to herself.

Halfway through, Shelly’s bladder began to pester her in earnest. But when the movie ended and a few of them got up to use the bathroom, she stayed put. She had to show April that the teasing was misguided and pointless; she could hold her liquids better than most. When her accident happened, she had been at it for many hours and had to go so badly. She only lost it when her unique weakness to grass got the better of her. She would outlast April if it took all night.

When they were all back in the bedroom, Erica moved to put in another movie. April protested. “Another one already?” she whined, “I’m kind of bored. Let’s do something else.”

The committee agreed. Erica looked defeated. “It was supposed to be a marathon, but alright. What do you guys wanna do?”

For Shelly, the night was all about facing her fears. A grin came to her when she suggested, “We could play truth or dare.” She had not gotten to play since elementary school. Being five years more mature than last time, the game should now be much more interesting.

April stayed quiet. The others nodded, and Erica assumed the role of speaker. “Anyone who doesn’t want to play doesn’t have to, but I’m up for it.”

Everyone looked at April, who was still undecided. “Fine, I’ll play,” she said. “But since it was your idea, Shelly, you have to go first. Truth or dare?”

“Um,” she stammered. Despite there being only two choices, the repercussions of each bounced in her head. She was too shy to do a dare, and she had some secrets too sensitive for truth. Which was the better one? Feeling it safer, she went with “truth.”

“Have you ever made out with anyone?”

She wished the lights were still off so they didn’t see her blush again. The other girls’ giggles meant they knew the answer already. “No,” she confessed, finding the shapes on the bedspread very interesting.

Rachel threw in a bonus question. “Have you even been on a date?” she asked.

Having your parents take you to meet a boy somewhere doesn’t count, Shelly thought. None of them could drive except on a permit, but the questions made her feel conspicuously behind in her social life.

“Hey,” Erica said, “One question at a time.” Shelly sneaked her a smile for the rescue.

Now it was Shelly’s turn to ask. To go to Erica would seem too clingy though. She would try one of the others. “Jordan,” she challenged, “Truth or dare?”

Jordan bit her lip, but said, “Truth.”

Not knowing the girl really well, she went with something innocuous. “What’s your favorite band?”

She got a dreamy look in her eyes. “One Direction,” she said.

“They’re pretty good,” Shelly answered. She was more of a classic rock kind of girl, but pretended to like their music because she had a crush on Louis.

They went around the circle with conservative truths and dares until it was April’s turn. She went to Shelly again, who chose “dare” this time.

“I dare you not to wet yourself tonight.”

Shelly was over any possible embarrassment about it now. But Jordan beat her to a reaction. “Oh come on,” she said, “We get it already.” An upwelling of sweet feelings for the girl rose in Shelly after the nice gesture.

She met April’s continued bad attitude head on. “No it’s fine, I’ll take that. April, truth or dare?”

Shelly’s command of the situation caused a glimmer of doubt in April’s eyes. But she turned square to Shelly and said, “Dare.”

“If you think I’ll wet myself, I dare you to hold your pee longer than I can.” Her confidence was a pure bluff. She was already feeling full. But April had not gone to the bathroom either, and she had the advantage of knowing her limit.

“Pff, deal,” she said. “I bet all of us can beat you.”

Too much challenge. Shelly balked, gesturing at the others, “They just went!”

April crossed her arms. “What, think you’re gonna lose?”

Erica stepped in once more. “Alright guys, I’ve got an idea. Since Shelly is probably ready to put the whole pee thing behind her and I’m tired of hearing about it, how about we do a holding contest? See who can do it the longest. The winner gets sole teasing rights on whoever doesn’t make it. Everyone else has to lay off.”

“Omigod, this makes me wanna go again already,” Jordan whined, drawing her knees up in her polka-dot leggings. Then she raised her hand to clarify meekly, “Can we give up and go to the bathroom if we can’t hold it?”

Erica put her hands on her hips and acted offended. “Uh, yeah, if you’re the last one standing. Where would the fun be in it otherwise?”

She confessed she was not going to deny bathroom use. Still, Rachel insisted, “I’ll do it, but I promise I’ll lose and I don’t wanna pee my pants.”

“I promise I’ll win,” April boasted, “And will get to tell everybody that little Shelly tinkled on herself again.”

Shelly wanted to come back with more biting trash-talk, but none of her choices were good enough. She missed her chance and kept quiet.

“Alright,” Erica said, pounding her hand like a gavel, “It’s on then. And to up the ante I think it’s time for another movie.”

Shelly offered The Shining. All throughout, she had a hard time making sense of what was happening. It had no jump scares, instead delivering one disturbing sequence after another and managed to unsettle them with its pure strangeness.

Then came the bathroom scene. Jack Nicholson’s character went in, causing the girls to groan for their own need. But he began to kiss an attractive woman he saw in there with him. Without warning, she turned into a decomposing corpse, which horrified him and only deepened his deranged state. By the time Jack’s family escaped the hotel and the man had frozen to death in the hedge maze, the girls were left in silence. Perhaps it was a little too symbolic overall.

The group of marathoners took a break for refreshments and were ready to put in the next one. It was an obscure “found footage” haunted house movie called The St. Francisville Experiment. Erica saw fit to comment on it. “What’s really creepy about this one, you guys,” she said, drama heavy in her tone, “is that the house in the movie is from the same time period as the one you’re sitting in right now. They might even have the same ghosts.”

“There’s ghosts in here?!” Rachel exclaimed, half laughing, “I didn’t sign up for this.”

They settled in to watch. It was not like the previous one. There was not a bit of violence. Instead it relied on pure fear of the unknown to rattle the viewers. This was the worst for Shelly, as her imagination tended to run unbridled even where it shouldn’t. Especially with its realistic style, the movie made short work of her nerve.

“Haha, are you shaking?” April asked, “It’s not even scary.”

She was. But she attempted to excuse herself with, “It’s just a little cold in here.” Of course that wasn’t true. The flow of adrenaline had made her quite warm and even beaded sweat in a few places. But she got under the blanket to deflect suspicion. Around the same time, her bladder had really begun to challenge her. The move would let her hold herself with her hands since she was practicing extra diligence about not dribbling. She needed every advantage until knowing how the others held up.

4: The Descent

Before long it was too warm to stay under the blanket. Shelly pushed it down to about her knees. During the scene in the movie where the characters investigating a fireplace reacted to a chain-wrapped bundle crashing down from the chimney, everybody jumped. But April did worst of all, flailing her arms and spilling soda on Shelly’s, or rather Erica’s sister’s, jeans.

“Why’d you bump me?” April said.

“You’re the one that freaked out,” Shelly retorted. They began arguing loudly over the movie, so Erica paused it and turned on the lights.

The jeans had a huge coke stain on the front and side. “Give ‘em here,” Erica said, “We should put them in the wash as soon as possible.” She saved Shelly the embarrassment of mentioning it was twice in a row now they had been soiled.

Shelly pursed her lips, but stripped the sticky pants off and dug in her bag for a replacement. She had brought clothes for the morning, but there were no pajama pants to be found. How could she have forgotten them? Now she was stuck going around in her pale blue panties if she did not want to put on her jeans. Besides, they were a little tight for sitting on the bed, and she did not want to risk her last clean pants during the holding contest.

She continued digging in her bag, feeling very exposed but unwilling to admit defeat. “This way,” Erica said, touching her arm to get her up, “I’ve got something you can wear.” She stood and followed Erica out of the room, the air cooling her brilliantly white legs. Erica had seen her in her underwear once before, but the others hadn’t. She was thankful to get her body away from their probing eyes.

Once out of earshot of the bedroom, Erica turned to her. “You know,” she whispered, “Part of why I had you come with me was to say sorry for how things have gone tonight. April has been a bitch and a half. I just wanted to apologize.”

“No, it’s cool,” Shelly answered, flexing her legs to resist the chill that contracted her bladder, “I’m having a great time. It sounds mean, but I don’t care about April or even the others so much. I just wanted to hang out with you.”

“Aww, thanks,” Erica said, continuing downstairs. “How are you holding up?”

Her meaning was lost on Shelly initially. She soon worked out that Erica had noticed her squirming, and asked about the holding contest. She was about to answer when her foot slipped on the same step as before, halfway to ground level.

“Are you okay?” Erica asked, her forehead knotted while grabbing hold of her friend.

“Yeah.” She caught herself on the railing again, groaning from the effort to avoid refreshing the wet spot between her legs. Her pee had barreled right to the edge, but the fabric felt dry as it was before.

“That step has always been iffy,” Erica revealed as they reached the bottom, “But it’s way easier to go up and down without socks.”

Shelly was already in a tank top and panties; there would be no harm in shedding her socks too. She slipped them off and deposited them in her shoes by the door, delighting in the new surfaces to explore with bare feet. She ignored the sliver of worry about the chance of going outside.

The two girls had another flight of stairs to go; the laundry was done in the basement. To soothe her nerves about spooky basements, Shelly revisited the topic of the holding contest. “To tell the truth, I’ve actually got to go pretty bad already,” she confided, swishing her toes in a pee-dance on the gritty concrete.

“Duh, Shelly!” Erica said, loudly enough to cause an echo, “Why didn’t you go after the first movie?”

“I needed to prove to April I can hold it.”

Erica laughed at Shelly’s childlike motivation. “Well April or no April, I don’t think you wanna-- pee yourself again.” She lowered her voice for the last words. “Good luck in the contest though, because I’m ready to see her get a taste of her own medicine. She drank at least as much soda as me and never went tonight either. I kinda have to go too, so she has got to be in worse shape.”

Shelly double-checked the privacy of the laundry area. Even though her wetting had dominated conversation for most of the night, only to Erica did she feel comfortable discussing it. “I don’t remember if I told you all of what happened,” she began. Erica tuned in for her to continue. “I was shy to say so but had to go worse than ever. But the accident wasn’t because I couldn’t hold it anymore. It was being barefoot then too. The grass tickled me and I just lost it. It’s not the first time it’s happened that way.” Her heart thumped. She realized this was the first time she ever told anyone about what the touch of grass on her feet does to her.

By now Erica had thrown the jeans into a laundry load and closed the lid. She scrunched her eyebrows, making sure to understand what Shelly said. Erica repeated, “So… the grass tickling your feet made you pee it all out, and it happens a lot?”

Shelly’s cheeks warmed at having a deep secret of hers in the open, but she nodded. “Well, not a lot, it’s only happened three times. But that was every time I’ve tried to walk on grass.”

“Wow, every time!” Erica covered her mouth to laugh. “I’m sorry, that’s just sort of hilarious. We have got to test it out someday.”

Shelly smacked her playfully, eliciting a fit of giggles from both of them. “So the jeans are in the wash. Now what?”

Erica went to a linen closet, opening it to a stack of folded clothes. “I’m sorry I don’t have any extra pants here. But I do have a really big, like 2XL shirt.” She pointed to a grey t-shirt with the name of a tourist destination. “Will you be alright hanging out in this? It should cover you no problem.”

Even folded up, it looked long and broad enough to drape over Shelly’s lanky frame like a minidress. It was still less than ideal, but better than having her panties on full display. “Yeah, I guess so.”

“Could you grab it? I can’t reach.”

Shelly began to extricate the shirt, but pulled half the adjacent stack out with it. Among the linens was a plastic sheet she first assumed to be a dropcloth. But upon closer inspection, it had elastic edges like a fitted sheet. She held it up, asking, “What’s this?”

Erica took it and stuffed it away. “It’s for my bed,” she mumbled.

“Oh, sorry.” Shelly recalled that Erica mentioned at the party how she wet her bed. But seeing the mattress cover as physical evidence made it more real. Perhaps it was why Erica was the only one who never judged her for what happened.

She slid shut the closet door. Shelly traded her tank top for the huge T-shirt. The neck alone was nearly as wide as her body; instead of fighting to keep it in place the whole night, she resigned herself to letting it slip off one shoulder and got used to the feel. The length was good, though, and it did feel warm and swishy on her skin. Erica complimented how cute she looked, dismissing her concerns while climbing the basement stairs.

“The plastic bag is no big deal. While we’re sharing pee stories, I haven’t needed that kind of thing in almost a month now anyway. I might have finally gotten over it.”

Hearing the news left Shelly conflicted. On one hand, she was happy her friend had shed something that caused her stress. On the other, toilet woes were the one thing that cemented their bond. If Erica was able to get over bedwetting, Shelly would go back to being alone in her troubles. She sighed.

The steps in the foyer were much easier to traverse without her socks. This time, rather than slipping off the middle step, she gave it a good push and it shifted. “There is seriously something screwy with this step,” she noted.

“Hold on,” Erica said, “Do that again, but a little harder and to the left.” Shelly put her weight into the step and pushed towards the railing. The step rotated a few degrees as if on a spring and locked in that position. Revealed in the gap on the wall side was a latch. When Shelly opened it, the wall panel next to the step swung back. A cloud of dust and stagnant air spilled out.

Shelly stared with equal parts awe and apprehension at the dark passage. “Does your family know about this?”

“We knew there were supposed to be secret passages, but not specifically where they were. Oh my god, Shelly, this is amazing! We should go in.”

Shelly’s stomach tightened. “I dunno, at least not without a flashlight. And imagine how many spiders are probably in there.”

“Eugh, you win. Close it, close it.”

Back in the bedroom, the other girls greeted Shelly and Erica’s return. “Finally, you guys,” Rachel said, “We were about to sneak a bathroom break and say we were still in.” She sat on the floor with her hands jammed in her lap. Jordan occupied a chair with her legs crossed.

“Those two might have,” April corrected, “It’s like you guys can’t choose when to let it out.” She was leaning against the wall on the bed with her knees up.

Shelly gauged the girl’s posture and screwed up her daring again. “Everybody has a limit. Even you.”

“Says the only one who found hers.”

She let that one go. “Are we gonna watch the rest of this movie or what?” They all agreed.

5: A Bump in the Night

Of the two movies, the most recent stayed with Shelly longest and most vividly. Several frights came from interior scenes resembling where she was planning to sleep. On the subject, her eyelids had grown heavy. But the dangerous pressure of her bladder kept her active. Coupled with the excitement of finding the secret passage and visions of ghosts terrorizing her and the others, sleep kept its distance.

Erica seemed to have no such troubles. “I don’t know about you guys,” she yawned, stretching, “But I’m ready for bed soon.”

“Are we still doing the holding contest?” Jordan asked, catching Erica’s yawn. “I don’t think I’ll be able to sleep having to go pee this bad.” She shuddered and squirmed in her chair. Rachel muttered a “Me neither.”

“Am I the only one not ready to piss herself?” April said while in front of the bathroom mirror. Right next to the toilet. She talked a big game, as if she could keep at it forever. But the whole time she was brushing her teeth, she kept the heel of her sinewy right foot bouncing.

The girls toyed with the idea of another movie, but even sugared up, scared senseless, and resisting their pulsing bladders, they began to fade in the wee hours. Erica was the first to crash. She offered space on the bed to whomever wanted it, but did not wait for a taker or even to kill the lights before burrowing into the blankets and dropping deeply asleep. To Shelly, who remained awake with the others, it made things awkward. She was not friends with any of them. She resorted to her old introversion and took the space under the covers next to Erica. If she could not sleep for real, she would at least pretend, and have the best arrangements for when it happened.

Shelly had not laid her head on the pillow for a second before snapping her eyes back open. The lights were off and the moon had dipped beneath the horizon, leaving near total darkness. Her over-full abdomen tossed worse than before, putting her well beyond the point of spurting under normal circumstances. But she put up a fight. Staying dry hurt worse than she expected it to. Looking around gave her the chance to take her mind off the pressure. Erica snoozed away next to her, but the other three were gone. She had been awoken by a sound from elsewhere in the house. It had been a skittering like that of a rat, but deeper, and echoing. “Guys?” she whispered.

No one answered. The skittering came again, curling her tightly under the covers and drawing a whimper out of her. She waited a moment, then threw back the blanket and stood up. Those jerks were not going to scare the piss out of her that easily. A heave from her bladder made a pinprick of warmth at its opening. She bent over and buried her hands in her crotch, preventing a leak. If she used the toilet right now, they might not even find out. But that would prove nothing. Better judgment had her turn the lights back on and ensure no one hid nearby.

“Where could they have gone?” she said to herself. A wave of dread accompanied the thought, maybe they went to see what made that noise.

She considered waking Erica. But she would look like a baby if it turned out to be nothing. Although she preferred to think the girls were messing with her by making that freaky noise, the alternative would not leave her alone.

The way her bladder was contracting, standing without dancing around meant risking a leak. To alleviate the stress meant fidgeting in place or walking. She chose the latter.

But where to begin? The path to the basement she had taken with Erica skipped touring the second and third floors. Soon enough, the noise again rattled the walls. It was coming from somewhere below. She steeled her nerves.

“Who’s there?” she called down the spiral steps, into the gloom.

A hushed voice replied, “Me, Rachel. I’m in one of the doors on the right side.”

Shelly navigated the hallway by feel and ear. She put a little extra force in her voice when talking to mask her fright. “Why are you down here in the dark?”

“Promise not to get mad at me first.” Shelly found her standing in an unused bedroom lit only by a nightlight. She had knitted her brow and wiggled her hips. Her hands were in her pockets, what Shelly expected allowed her to hold between her legs without being obvious about it. “We all came downstairs looking for another bathroom where we wouldn’t get caught. But then we heard that noise and scattered. Until I heard you coming I was scared. I gotta pee so bad though.”

“Me too,” Shelly said, rubbing her thighs to share Rachel’s suffering. It still felt funny to talk about her bodily functions with someone who had given her hell about it less than a week ago. She forced it from her mind. “You don’t know where the others went?”

“No. They may have ran somewhere else together, but we were all next to each other when we heard it. It wasn’t you or Erica, was it?”

“No.” Shelly’s heart caught in her throat. Rachel could have been lying in an elaborate prank to get under her skin, but the testimony helped to short-circuit her reasoning straight to fear. “We should probably find them,” she said, “At least so they don’t try to scare us.”

“Yeah, good idea.”

They groped for a lightswitch, finally finding one. A tasseled lamp flooded the room with precious clarity. Shelly glanced at Rachel’s athletic shorts. The poor girl had a telltale wet oval in the crotch, big enough to have resulted from several squirts in her pants. Since her own solitary spurt had dried hours ago, Shelly’s own panties had no such marks. She said nothing about it to Rachel while basking in the feeling of redemption.

To both of them, Shelly was in better shape. She took the lead. Back in the murk of the hallway, a patter of bare footsteps echoed downstairs.

“I think that was one of them,” Shelly whispered. Though it would be better to keep out of sight until knowing for sure. She crept to the first floor, acutely aware of the secret passage on the way down. Against her mind’s fragile defenses pelted nightmare fantasies of it bursting open for a ghoul to drag her in. She distanced herself from it with as much speed as silence.

She thought she heard something in the direction of the kitchen. There was no lightswitch by the doorframe, so she peered into the dark. Shadows moving on the far wall made her hide against the island counter, the beating of her heart giving her away.

6: Open Water

Rachel was still with her. Rather than being gripped by similar terror, though, she appeared preoccupied with a different menace. Crouching next to Shelly, she had pinned her knees together and was gripping her crotch with both hands, propriety thrown to the wind. The lights suddenly came on, which startled Shelly, but while they both stood up, it otherwise brought no obvious effect on Rachel. She kept her eyes down and continued to whimper.

April and Jordan came out from a corner across the kitchen. April began to ask, “What are you guys do--” and cut herself off.

The reason for her interruption came from behind Shelly. Rachel had crossed her legs again, wiggling her hips and making little noises. The wet patch on her had grown, dark and shiny, down the inside of her left thigh. From her emanated a trickling sound that exploded into a loud splatter. Under the hem of her shorts arched a pee stream that broke upon the hardwood, making a sprawling puddle and leaving yellow flecks twinkling on her bare insteps.

Rachel locked her eyes to the ground. A blush that started on her ears and nose swept across her entire face and through her neck. “Sorry,” she said. She sniffled once before her face contorted. She ran away, leaving footprints and dripping more pee as she went.

“Haha, okay, one grotty little pisser down.” April crossed her arms, smugness evident from head to toe.

Jordan peeked out from behind her muscular figure. “We should probably see if she’s okay.”

April scoffed. “You could just ask Shelly about it, now that they’re pee-pals. I wish I got my phone out in time. You guys can figure out what to do about the puddle. I’m gonna try to find what’s making that weird noise.” She turned away. Jordan groaned and pursued Rachel back upstairs.

Shelly had to recover from the shock of seeing Rachel’s accident unfold before following Jordan. Why people laughed at pants-wetters still baffled her. Sure it was embarrassing having your inability to handle your needs on full display, and a little gross how it went everywhere. But having been in Rachel’s place, her own trauma had not come from the fact that it happened. The worst of the consequences were social. That someone had an accident became an amendment to people’s picture of them for a long time, if not forever. Seeing the former bully get justice made Shelly wish that anyone could have the opportunity to take a puddle of piss in stride.

Her philosophy was one soon to be tested. Flashes of doubt in her holding stamina forced thoughts of the strange noises from her head. Let April deal with it.

With the worst influence several stories below, and after seeing Rachel pee herself empty in her shorts, staving off her own accident meant Shelly needed a reassessment of strategy. Her bladder was outgrowing her strict ‘no leak’ rule. The loose shirt covered her panties, so if it happened, it happened. Better to lose one, two, or even lots of spurts. She could save strength rather than lose because of stubbornly holding the gates until sudden failure. She tested the practice by relaxing her bladder muscles slowly, shutting them again at the first hint of running pee. Control was still hers. Rather than serving as an icon of defeat, the cooling spot in her panties was her reward for outlasting at least one other.

Jordan had knelt next to Rachel, who she sat against the side of the bed. The funk of urine wafted thickly around. The brunette had finally relaxed with her pressure relieved, but stared into the distance.

“Hey Rach,” Jordan ventured, her voice soft, “How are you feeling?”

“Gross,” she sobbed, mopping her eyes. “It was so warm and sticky, and everyone was there just watching me get it everywhere. I should have gone to the bathroom up here. Screw Erica’s stupid contest.”

“Hey, at least you don’t have to worry about it anymore. The rest of us are still in it. I had no idea I could hold it this long but it sucks.” She got a laugh out of Rachel for the perspective.

“But why don’t you just go? We were all going to.”

“Not Shelly and Erica,” Jordan noted, “They were asleep. Erica’s still asleep, but Shelly’s still in it. Right?” She looked Shelly’s way.

Before Shelly could answer, the sound of another muffled spray hit her ears. She clamped her legs in a panic, but did not get the creeping heat like last time. “Yeah,” she said, catching her breath, “That’s not from me.”

Jordan’s eyes widened. She checked herself too, confirming she was still dry. All three turned to the source of the noisily flowing liquid-- the bed. “Erica?” she asked.

Shelly pulled back the covers. Erica was facing them, lying on her side. From her plaid pajama pants had begun spilling a torrent of pee that ran into her waistband and shirt before being absorbed in the sheets and unprotected mattress.

Shelly’s first instinct was to watch, mesmerized, for the second time tonight. But she had to do something. She grabbed her friend’s shoulder and shook. “Erica. Erica, wake up! You’re wetting the bed.”

Erica fluttered her eyelids, then thrashed in an attempt to stop peeing. She whined when it kept coming. She made a run for the bathroom, not bothering with the door before ripping her pants down to sit on the toilet. Only a few ringing drops made it in. The rest had poured into the bed and her clothes, with a few stray splats across the floor where she ran. Only then did she process the audience of three who had been watching with the lights on for the duration. “Shit,” she muttered after standing up again, alternating among pacing, tugging at the wet pajamas, and flicking drops from her fingers.

Shelly was nudged out of stillness by her own sharp bladder pang. A little squirming quieted it. “Erica?” she asked.

The girl in the spattered things held up her hand. “I’ve got it,” she said. She continued to fuss for a bit, stripping and bundling her wet things for another laundry load. Finally, she slumped down on the wall across from Rachel in only her pee-stained shirt and squelching lavender panties.

After some time, Erica raised her head again. “Hold on a sec,” she said, looking at Rachel’s damp shorts. Still in a haze of sleep, she pointed to herself, “Did I get pee on you too?”

Rachel replied, “No, it was me.” A sense of acceptance seemed to come to her, however slowly. “I had to go so bad and just couldn’t hold it. Everybody saw me pee on the floor in the kitchen.”

“Sorry,” Erica said, offering a hug which Rachel took, “I said you could go to the bathroom if you wanted. Did you guys go at least?” She looked at Jordan and Shelly.

“I don’t really know why but I’m still in,” Jordan answered, “It’d be stupid to quit this far in, right? Might as well see how long I can go.”

“Still in,” Shelly answered proudly, getting an odd thrill out of showing off her fidgeting, “I actually peed a little but I have to beat April.” Getting to share like this invigorated her.

Erica grinned at her, then turned pensive. “Speaking of which, where is April?”

The scratching came again, making them all jump.

Rachel took a moment to explain the noise and said, “She’s probably down there with whatever’s doing that.”

Erica looked apologetically at Shelly before saying, “We should go and find her.” Shelly put up token resistance, and supposed, “Should we wake your dad up?”

The look she got was a clear ‘no’ so conceded. As much as she hated the vile girl, she did not wish actual harm on her. Besides, they had a lot of laundry to do. Erica retrieved a flashlight. She handed it to Shelly in order to shoulder the sodden bundle while the four girls trooped down the stairs.

At the landing before the ground level, Shelly froze. Whether from a great urge to pee or great fright, she shivered. Her flashlight beam showed the secret passage hanging open. A forceful squirt had run to her thigh. She got over the initial shock, wiped the drop from her leg, and explained the passage’s discovery and re-closure.

“Okay, so what do you guys wanna do?” Jordan asked. “Just make it quick ‘cause I’m, like, about to pee myself too.” She was bent over with her hands between her thighs. It was impossible to tell for Shelly in the low light if she had leaked any as well.

Erica volunteered a suggestion first. “I say we split up.”

“Are you crazy?” Rachel asked, balking, “Well if we do, I’m not going in there.”

“We could do it in two groups. Shelly was with me when we found this secret door so the two of us can go in. You and Jordan can go back to the kitchen where you saw April last.”

Rachel rubbed her upper arms. “I guess that’s okay.” She and Jordan scampered past the opening. Their departure left Erica and Shelly alone.

Erica spoke quietly once the coast was clear. “I’m sorry you had to see me wet the bed. It was my fault. You won’t tell anyone I do it a lot, will you?”

Shelly gawked at her. This was not the confident, effortlessly cool girl she knew. “Not that it really matters right now with the creepy noises going on, but it wasn’t your fault. You had half a gallon of piss like the rest of us when you went to sleep and told me before about your nighttime wetting. Honestly, it’s no big deal.”

“I thought I got over it,” she whined, “Even with the holding contest I shouldn’t have ruined the bed. We were supposed to share it tonight.”

“Well, when was the last time you did it?” Shelly asked.

“That day I stayed out of school. I wasn’t actually sick, but my mom thought I was over it too. I didn’t want her to know I did it again. So I waited for her to go to work and washed my sheets.”

Shelly had clicked well into the counselor role. “And you didn’t think having a sleepover-slash-holding contest might lead to peeing the bed?”

“I don’t know, I thought it would be okay,” Erica cried.

“It is okay,” Shelly reassured, hugging her, “I haven’t told anyone you’ve done it before. Let’s just go.” She felt for Erica, but was ready to move on. They abandoned her wet linens at the landing and crept to the entrance.

...Work continues! Check here for updates in the near future.

*003*2017-02-26 03:14

Update time!! Only three more chapters this time, not the entire second half. But the end is nigh!

7: Gremlins

Shelly’s flashlight beam made sure nothing lurked nearby before they went in. The dust on the floor of the passage was cool and fine. Stepping in it instantly greyed the girls’ soles upon examination. Doing so on even patches left footprints clear enough to discern where each toe made contact.

The girls reached a dead-end deep in the passage. Nearby was a hole in the floor with the top of a ladder against the rim. The ladder appeared to be carved by hand and was covered with cobwebs. Shelly perched herself on the edge, testing the rungs’ strength before descending to explore further. She bit her lip. Getting grungy feet from picking around an abandoned place sent tingles through her, keeping her wide awake at such an hour.

She resisted the high when discovering something off. In some places around, not all the dust lay undisturbed. Erica gripped Shelly’s arm and whimpered, “Shelly, what made those?” She pointed toward an intersection of tunnels. Patterns of marks interrupted the film of dust on the floor. They looked to belong to an animal with claws. Erica’s grandparents had no dogs or cats, and the prints were certainly far too big to be made by rodents. To boot, judging from the multiple lines of them, the girls shared the house with more than just one.

“I don’t know.” Shelly stared at the prints. Her mind became a slideshow of beasts. Flashlight shadows behind the exposed wall studs lashed like flames. Shelly had trouble keeping the beam on the prints the way her hands trembled. She did not try very hard to stop; with Erica acting at least as scared, there was no need to play steely-nerves.

At least Erica didn’t have to pee. Shelly wasn’t doing as badly as last time, but all the nervous shaking crippled her strength. Every few steps her panties caught another leak. The fabric absorbed each as shots of warmth, each giving way to turning cool and clingy until the next arrived. She squeezed between her legs with her off hand; the leaking stopped.

“You must have to go so bad,” Erica said, dispelling some of the tension.

“Oh my god, yeah.” She paused to cross her legs. A month ago, Shelly would never have dreamed of having this conversation. But she and Erica had shared a lot in a short time. “I actually did some more already, sorry if I get it on your shirt.” She smudged it with pee from her hand by lifting the front, also pointing the light beam to glint on her wet underwear.

Erica inspected them, grinning. “You might be wetter than me.” Rather than a giant T-shirt drooping off her shoulder, she had only a regular-sized top and no pants, so Shelly compared patches merely by flicking the light. Erica’s fainter stain covered most of her panties’ area.

Shelly snapped from showing off their pee spots when the sound came back. It cut the air as if few or no walls separated her from it.

Erica seized Shelly’s arm again. “Let’s go back,” she begged, “We need my dad.”

The closeness of the scratching had the opposite effect on Shelly, who pressed on. For some reason it banished the visions of monsters and brought humbler creatures to her imagination. As her adrenaline shot wore off, she even had an easier time holding her bladder. She craned forward. “It sounded kinda small.”

“Small things can still be scary!” Erica contested.

Shelly had no chance to reply thanks to something ahead letting out a shrill, inhuman cry. Erica screamed and stumbled backward. Sweat bloomed all over the redhead, and her bladder did a flip. But when she turned to look, the eyes of a plump raccoon and several little ones glowed green before her. Erica’s commotion made them scurry into the dark. The panic left her. She laughed.

“What are you laughing at?” Erica shot, dusting herself off, “That raccoon was huge! And it had babies.”

Despite her bladder still writhing as before, seeing the raccoons dissolved the rest of her anxiety. The drop in tension actually brought weight back to her eyelids. She yawned. “Well if that’s what was making the noises, we’ll probably survive. We just need to get them outside.”

“That’s not for us. We should just tell someone we’ve got raccoons and explore the secret passage in the daytime.”

Shelly agreed. “Alright, let’s get out of here then. But do we have to backtrack? The way we came is pretty far. There’s got to be another entrance to the rest of the house close by.”

The sag of Erica’s eyebrows meant she was ready to give in, if reluctantly. “If we get mauled by raccoons, it’s your fault.”

“Well they went that way, so let’s go this way.” Shelly took the opposite path to which the little family fled.

8: Walled In

Not long after, the path ahead glowed with lamp light. The girls tiptoed forward. A bare bulb in the ceiling of a small room illuminated a stack of barrels in one corner and three more branching paths. Two were tracked with bare footsteps that certainly belonged to someone other than Shelly or Erica. The footprints led to a gap between the barrels and the wall. Out of the same gap rung the sound of water pattering on the floor. A feminine voice sighed. Soon, carrying tufts of dust on its leading edge, a finger of yellow liquid snaked out as well.

“Hello?” Shelly called. The voice yelped and a girl with glossy blonde hair tumbled out. She managed to pull up her leggings, but failed to cut off her stream first. She knelt with both hands buried in her crotch. Darkness spread down her lower half to a high-pitched hiss, its advance slowed where rivulets jumped free and rained onto her feet. The flow subsided for a moment. Even if she succeeded in stopping before the end, the damage was done. She released her hands, peeing for a few more seconds until the deluge died a second time.

Out of nowhere, Rachel ran into the room. “Oh, hey guys, I see Jordan found you. Jor? Oh.”

Jordan was silent and bright red. She looked up at them from her knees in an impressive puddle, dripping wet. “I’m sorry,” she murmured.

Erica looked quite pleased for watching yet another friend pee on her grandparents’ floor, even if it was in a dingy, unused passage. “It’s fine,” she said, waving off her apology. “Pretty much all of us have been there now. But it’s what you get for trying to sneak a pee,” Erica teased. “Speaking of which,” she mused, “I think it’s only Shelly and April left.”

Thinking about April made Shelly’s pee crash inside her once more. She stood on one leg to fight the surge. A stubborn trickle persisted for far too long. The run drew a wet line to her bottom, where a single drop hung, then fell.

The three others leveled focused stares. It turned out that bringing her knee up had exposed her underwear right when the leak happened. All the girls were damp; Erica’s shirt and briefs in particular were also more revealing than Shelly’s outfit, but she pushed her desperate friend’s knee back down. “Shelly, you’re showing us your wet crotch.”

Shelly’s ears flared. Jordan used the gaffe to peek out from her self-pity. “Uh-oh, looks like Shelly might be in trouble!”

She groaned and stretched a handful of shirt between her legs. It sponged up some of the moisture. “We found what was making the noises,” she announced.

“Way to change the subject,” Rachel said, ribbing her while wringing her own clothes, “What was it?”

“A family of raccoons.”

Rachel mouthed thanks to the heavens. “Could have been way worse.”

“Yeah.” Shelly had just begun to get comfortable again when the light went out. She fumbled with the flashlight. Without a direction to point it in, though, she swung the beam wildly. The girls’ figures were ghastly in the momentary beam which revealed their rising concern. Shelly pleaded, “Who hit the lights?”

None of them had. The overhead bulb flickered on and off, too quickly to make use of the light. Just enough to get the girls in a panic once more. They flew to the walls for a switch. Soon, an echoing, unearthly sound resonated. Shelly’s brain conjured the image of an emaciated figure howling from a pit of the damned.

The light quit flickering, settling again on darkness. Shelly was the only one in position to do anything, having the flashlight. She pointed it at every likely spot, whimpering. The others cried out and grasped in the dark. Shelly nearly abandoned them to run for her life.

9: Final Destination

Before she did, a pair of powerful hands seized her shoulders. A voice from behind said, “Boo!”

Shelly shrieked, and so did the three others. In the moment the assailant had paralyzed, almost blinded her with terror, the lights came back on. Now four girls stood before Shelly-- the monster had been April, who was out of air for laughing so hard. Even with the sense of danger gone, Shelly’s heart threatened to explode. She had erupted in sweat, cold everywhere except between her legs.

“Oh my God, April!” Erica glared after the fright of her life. But calm soon came back to her. “Um, Shel...” She inclined her eyes downward. Shelly’s followed. A warm spray had filled her panties and was sheeting down her thighs. April, who had begun to recover from laughing, started again, reveling in the sight with her victory secure. Shelly tried to slow the tide, but only succeeded in dousing her hands and the front of her shirt. Stopping it was hopeless. But unlike last time, she was not burdened by anyone’s opinion of what was happening. Her universe had shrunk to encompass her own body and the feeling of pee coming down. She sighed and let herself empty. The overdue, otherworldly relief sent a final shiver through her.

The three other girls stayed quiet. April slow-clapped. “You did better than expected, but got the piss scared out of you no problem, Smelly McSpill.”

The name-calling had no effect this time. She was wearing only panties and an oversized shirt that made her look small. Her legs were shining from having freshly peed herself out of fear in front of all her bullies, especially her loathsome adversary. But she found the resolve to put her hands on her hips and face April.

Shelly stared with the gaze of an Old West gunslinger. The larger girl stood a little unsettled, never still for more than a moment. A close look at her crotch revealed that her tangerine yoga pants did indeed have a wet spot on them. April was not invincible. Shelly pointed at the patch, commenting, “Did you spill another drink? You’ve got a little something right there.”

April twisted her leg to conceal the spot. “Quit looking at my crotch, you perv!”

Erica resumed her role as arbiter of the contest, making no secret of her disappointment. She conceded, “I guess that settles it. April wins and gets to make fun of us for having accidents.”

“I was going to anyway, because you guys are like little kids,” she said. Her claim was punctuated when she grimaced and bent forward. She began to bounce her heel again, but caught their eyes and quickly stopped.

The rest had then caught on that April was hardly ahead of the curve. Jordan crossed her arms to warm herself, proposing, “I don’t know about you guys, but I’m ready for bed now.” The rest of the wet girls agreed. She raised her eyebrows and added, “We should let April go to the bathroom and call it a night.”

April crossed her arms with a different motivation. “You guys lead the way, since you’re so ready for bedtime.”

Shelly winked at Jordan. “Okay,” she said, taking the passage Jordan had come from. The others followed, and another exit to the main part of the house let in light not far beyond.

They made it to the second floor hallway before Shelly saw fit to call April out. She had still not accompanied the group. Shelly shushed the others with a finger to her lips and sneaked back. She peeked around a corner at the straggler.

10: The Room

April leaned with one hand against the wall. The other was locked in her crotch, in between her legs knotted. She did an uninhibited pee-dance from that position, her face twisted in defiance.

She possessed the physique of a champion and the attitude of an empress, yet was not yet insulated from the basics of nature. It appeared the news was not reaching her gently. That poor girl. Shelly suppressed the glimmer of sympathy for how much stress April demonstrated. When she revealed herself, April scowled and tried to recover composure.

No sharp comments, just a plea. “Leave me alone!” April snapped.

By now the other three had joined the scene. Erica processed what was happening. “Can you walk?” she asked.

“Yeah,” the struggling girl said, her anger beginning to waver.

Erica pointed. “There’s a bathroom literally right over there, if you can make it.”

“I can,” April stared, drawing herself up as much as possible, “But I don’t need it. My stomach just hurts.”

“Are you kidding me right now?” Rachel said. She was one of April’s closest friends before the sleepover, but was in no hurry to fly to her side at the moment. “You haven’t gone since this afternoon and the sun’s gonna come up in a few hours. Plus, if you didn’t scare Shelly, I bet she would have won.”

The hypothetical made April’s features twitch. “I just don’t wanna go, okay?” Her stony exterior had begun to crumble with how she begged. She looked so… vulnerable.

Being freed from her yellow tyranny cleared Shelly’s head as if coming down from a euphoric state. Her instincts got the better of her. She waved the other girls away to give some privacy. “April,” she said, stepping forward. She did an excellent job of looking collected while wanting to shake like a leaf. The two girls were a foot from each other so Shelly could speak at almost a whisper. “Five minutes ago, I got so scared in that passage that I peed myself in front of my one friend. The first time I had an accident wasn’t from being scared or even doing a competition. Other people might have been able to hold it, but I couldn’t. You guys made me feel so bad afterward for what happened that I cried in school. There’s nothing you can say to me that should embarrass you. But Erica never teased me, and I’m not gonna tease you. So seriously, what’s wrong?”

April had been listening with her forehead against the wall, the rest of her writhing with almost all the vigor as when she thought herself alone. She grit her teeth, finally giving in to the question. “It’s just-- that one part from the movie.”

Shelly turned her eyes in searching for what that meant. “The… bathroom scene in The Shining? Are you scared to go? Big, bad April was deathly afraid of a movie! She wanted to grin and rub it in so badly. But she made a promise, and bit her cheek to keep a straight face.

The stars aligned, and April gave a meek nod. “It was just so gross and disturbing and, like, I can’t explain it. But it feels like there might be something weird in there.” She winced and nearly lost her balance. Shelly suspected she had leaked.

Perhaps this is what her mom meant by ‘kill them with kindness.’ “C’mon,” she said, “We can go together.”

The other girls were looking on from a safe distance while April shuffled to the bathroom with her unlikely escort. At the door, however, she stopped, glancing up the stairs. “Oh, would you? Please Shelly, I have to go so bad. But what if they find out I wanted you with me?”

This needy, anxious April was a different girl altogether. “They won’t,” Shelly said, “Just go before you pee yourself too. I’m right here.”

“Okay.” She went in.

The spacious bathroom reflected an odd sense of decor compared to the rest of the house. It looked far too modern to be original, but had not been redone in the past few decades either. Uncannily so, the seafoam walls and chrome trim resembled those in the movie. Completing the picture was the white, translucent shower curtain obscuring the bathtub at the end.

April collided with Shelly while trying to turn and run, shielding her eyes. “I can’t, I can’t,” she said, practically crying, “She came out of the the tub right there and I just can’t.”

This was getting ridiculous; Shelly’s sympathy began to wane. “What are you gonna do,” she asked, not budging, “Pee outside? The rest of us got some on the floor but not on purpose. Well, Jordan did, but had her just desserts as most of it got on herself. But you have to get over this.”

“I’ll pee outside if I frigging want to,” April retorted, getting in Shelly’s face. Her old attitude was well on the way to returning just the same.

“Yeah, outside where it’s cold and there are bugs and snakes and other dangerous animals that are real. I’ll even stand between the tub and the toilet for you if I have to.”

April clenched her fists and pee-danced in a circle, eventually relenting. Shelly stood next to the tub and drew the curtain open. The action made April recoil, but she followed.

Halfway there by the baby steps she was taking, the scratching sound came back. It no longer had any air of mystery, but April sensed on a level above red alert. She whimpered loudly and kneaded her crotch.

Hope for her dwindled even after coming to grips that the sound was nothing more than energetic raccoons in the passages. She groaned and hopped in a frenzy while making no progress toward the toilet.

After a final exhale, she lost her battle. Her orange yoga pants, which came to mid-calf, gained dark stripes all the way down in an instant. Her stream’s forcefulness punished them; the noise of the splashing in her underwear echoed on the bare surfaces. April had enough presence of mind to step out of her own puddle, proceeding to make a new one just as big with the sheer volume coming out of her. Shelly took the chance of wrestling April, who still gushed like a faucet, onto the toilet seat.

The tub was devoid of nightmarish women, a fact April could now confirm with her own eyes. Her anxiousness diminished while continuing to pee through her clothes.

For a moment, looking up from the toilet, she met Shelly’s eyes. Shelly saw fit to turn away until she had finished. She stood after the last drops went in, sighing. “Great,” she muttered.

Shelly faced her again. April’s pants remained weighty and reeking. Explaining what happened to the other three might prove a challenge. Then an idea came to her. Erica had saved her with the sprinklers. She could do the same now. “On the count of three,” she warned, arming herself with the flexible showerhead, “Yell at me for a second and run out the door. One…”

“What are you--?” April stammered.

“Two… Three!” Shelly turned the water on. The spray pelted April and the floor where her puddle lay.

“Oh my God, Shelly! What the… Ugh!” She tore open the door and escaped the shower’s range.

Shelly wore a wicked grin when she replaced the showerhead, exiting the bathroom to see a throng of girls gathered around April’s drenched figure.

“I just went to the bathroom and she barged in and started spraying me with the shower!”

“Shh!” Erica said, “Don’t wake my dad up unless you want to give him the whole story too.” April dripped all over the floor, but continued to vent more quietly.

EDIT: Don't know why my spoilers keep nesting like that, and it is too late to mess with. I apologize for the wonky formatting. X.X Maybe I'll request this thread be deleted so I can repost it all at the same time.

*005*2017-02-26 12:14

{{7 hours ago, Bellatrixfan said:

That was so very awesome I loved how Shelly helped April like that

}}

Thanks :D She has grown very organically as a character. I wasn't quite sure how the story was going to go at first but I'm happy with how it's turning out.

*007*2017-02-26 16:02

Here is the final chapter.

11: Daybreak

The group’s energy and bladders were spent, so they went upstairs to change clothes. Erica, Rachel, and Jordan appeared to buy April’s story about the water attack. They gave Shelly a requisite talking-to on the last trip to the laundry room. April similarly agreed to quit calling names, despite the appearance of winning the contest and releasing her pee the normal way.

“You guys go ahead,” Erica told them at the basement steps, looping an arm around Shelly, “We’ll be up in a minute.” She gripped her friend’s upper arms, again in private. “You. Are. A. Saint.”

“What did I do?” Shelly asked. “Just now you said I was mean and immature for spraying her.”

Erica scoffed. “A naive saint, but you are one. That was so she didn’t pick up that I know what happened in the bathroom.”

“You were listening in on us?”

“Well, yeah, I was, but not like it was hard either. That door doesn’t stop sound at all. But that’s not the point,” she continued, “She made life hell for you and you helped her when she needed it.”

Shelly shrugged. “You make it sound so noble. I just loved getting to hose her with cold water.”

Erica burst out laughing and hugged her. “I’m glad I started inviting you to stuff.”

“Me too. I guess I’ve got to start returning the favor.” She extended a hand, which Erica shook.

Sleep came quickly to all of them. The girls were dead to the world until well past noon, despite the occasional knock from Erica’s dad to make sure they were still alive. He made them a breakfast of eggs and toast before the trip home. At the kitchen table, he asked, “So, do you guys know why half the house smells like pee?”

Erica nearly choked on her food. Shelly answered for her. “Yes! That reminds me. Believe it or not we found some raccoons living in the crawlspaces. They were making scratching sounds all night so the pee was probably them too. Might wanna call animal control or something.” The others concurred. He raised an eyebrow, but accepted the answer. The rest of breakfast was hard to finish without any of them bursting into giggle fits.

They used the same seating arrangements in the car. This time, April sent no sour comments Shelly’s way. She had replaced them with secretive grins of gratitude. April even offered a hug when they reached her house. “Bye, Shelly,” she said, for the first time using her name without disrespect.

“Bye, April Showers.” She winked.

Shelly was not sure she was ready to be friends with April, or really even the two other girls. But as far as Erica was concerned, she had a flawless, if considerably wet, record of good times. She had given hugs to all the girls, keeping hold of Erica the longest. They each promised to see the other in school.

She flopped on the bed back in her own room, looking at the video game posters on the walls above plain furniture. Her house was hardly an opulent Victorian castle, but Erica would like it just fine.

Thinking about having Erica over some time made her bladder twitch. She had gone again before leaving Swiftbrooke, but had produced enough already for her body to let her know.

She held it. None of the other girls ever dribbled on purpose. But they had also run around all night scarcely ruffled by being wet. No way should their opinions about Shelly’s pee quirks cause any grief. They should not have troubled her regardless about being “McSpill,” even April and especially Erica. The resulting drops running in her underwear brought a spot of warmth and a smile.

