My desperate teacher [fake sightning]

Author: Apan

*000*2023-09-08 09:37

So, this is definitely a trifle, but I thought I'd step up the authenticity game a bit and make something up in the style of an actual sightning. That is, not just a story that could as well be true, but an entry that could have been posted about something that could have been true, if that makes sense. Should we call it meta-faking? Let's not get bogged down in theory here, you probably get where I'm going with this. Anyway, this one was requested by @Kayn during our private conversation so I of course had no choice but to oblige. To set the scene, I'm larping as someone who grew up during the 70's and has lived to tell the story of one of his hottest schoolday memories. Let's get on with it!

###

This took place in the mid-70's when I was in 8th grade. It was towards the end of our semester and we were going to have a long maths exam which would last about 2 hours. Our maths teacher (whom I shall name Mary-Anne for the sake of this story) was an incredibly pretty lady in her mid-30's, long wavy dark brown hair and brown eyes and usually dressing conservatively but still sexy with figure-hugging blouses, revealing her well-rounded figure. On this day, I remember her wearing a short-sleeved flowery blouse together with a long skirt, reaching about halfway down her calves over a pair of dark pantyhose. She was probably wearing heels as well, as she often did.

Right before the exam, I was walking from the lockers along with a few classmates, when we passed the only teacher restroom in that end of the school, just outside the corridor leading down to a bunch of classrooms. Mary-Anne was fast approaching said restroom with audible tapping steps and I noticed her trying the door when we went past, but it was locked. This was the first I saw of her that day and as she turned around I caught a glimpse of her big and unbuttoned collar exposing her bare neck and the medallion-like necklace she often wore. Given her incredibly sexy clothing, this display alone was enough to send my mind and heart racing! I figured the toilet would be vacated soon enough and that she would go inside and nothing else would come of it. Boy, was I wrong...

The whole class was gathering outside the classroom down the corridor when after a few minutes, our teacher approached us with a visibly stressed walk and her steps suspiciously close to one another. She opened the classroom door and stood waiting for us all to file into it. I noticed her having trouble to stand still, and almost as if on cue, another teacher passed by and they exchanged some small-talk. I perked up my ears and sure enough, as I passed them by I overheard her uttering something along the lines of "not having had time to go all morning". Hearing that heightened my pulse rate again!

I sat myself down somewhere in the middle of the room and the test began. Mary-Anne sat down behind her desk at the front but unfortunately, her lower half was all but obscured by the front of the desk. I still had a good view of her top half as she sat down though, meaning I was free to steal glances at her in that blouse and pairing it with the fact that she was desperate for the toilet, creating the ultimate fantasy in my mind instead of concentrating on the exam. Teachers weren't supposed to leave the class unattended, especially during tests, and we still had 2 hours to go. I imagined her sitting behind her desk, doing everything to hold it in but ultimately failing and starting to cry softly as piss overflowed her chair and drizzling on the floor. Of course, that would be a pipedream if there ever was one; if she even reached that critical point, she would most likely suspend all rules and decorum and rush off to the bathroom anyway.

After having struggled with my exam (I'm usually very good with maths, although not in the presence of desperate ladies, it has to be said) for about half an hour, all the while casting glances at our beautiful teacher trying to hide her squirming lower half behind her desk, she suddenly stood up. She steadied herself against the desk briefly while suppressing a curtsey before slowly walking around the room to check on the class. As she passed my desk towards the back of the room, I briefly turned my head and fixated on her pantyhose-clad legs from behind (obviously imagining streaks running down them) and took special note of her very small and careful steps, almost as if she was walking a tightrope. After a few minutes she was done with her round and sat down again, this time obviously squirming on her chair. I noticed her arms stretched down her side, as if she was gripping the chair for a moment before placing them on top of her desk and resuming going through her papers.

As time went on, I started noticing her bobbing slightly up and down and I could just about make out a faint panting in the overall very silent room. The exam was approaching an hour by now, meaning there was just as long left to go. Mary-Anne started looking frequently on the clock on the wall with a visibly worried expression on her face, still moving her torso about behind her desk in what I imagined was fast becoming a very desperate situation. At about the one hour mark, she again did a slow walk round the classroom with her arms crossed across her chest in a very tensed-upp manner and her feet very close together. Whenever she stopped, she tensed up even more, clearly struggling to stand still but ultimately failing as I noticed her legs moving slightly back and forth. After her round she again sat down, resuming her nervous bobbing on her chair.

About five minutes later, she stood up briefly and walked over to the door, peeping out the narrow window next to it and did a slight curtsey with her legs pressed together before returning to her desk, again resuming her anxious writhing and slight bobbing. Another ten or so minutes went by, my mind not anywhere near the algebraic riddles on my paper, she suddenly stood up again and tip-toed towards the intercom mounted near the door and dialed what I assume was the teacher's lounge.

"Excuse me, this is Mary-Anne in room 5-4, I was wondering if someone could cover for me for a moment?", I heard her say with a hint of emergency in her voice, clearly ashamed of having to make an audible plea in front of the whole class.

"Mr. Jorgensen here, I'll see who I can find", came a voice in reply over the intercom.

Our teacher went back to her desk, by now eagerly awating her temporary replacement. I rememeber silently urging that replacement to never show up as I continuously glanced up to her trying to concentrate on her own papers while anxiously writhing around on her chair. As the minutes crawled by, still with no sign of any replacement teacher, my anticipation grew stronger and stronger. How long till she breaks down? This was shaping up to one of the most intense moments of my life! She kept on squirming around for another 10 minutes before suddenly waddling over to the intercom again.

"Mary-Anne here again, is anyone coming to cover for me? I'm... it's a bit of an emergency...", she tried to whisper as not to be heard by the rest of us, but clearly she had to make herself heard over the intercom.

"Seems like most teachers are having classes now, I'll send one over as soon as I catch one", came the reply. This was simply wonderful; my beautiful teacher wearing a beautiful blouse desperately pleading to be excused or else she will piss herself, just like a little schoolgirl trapped in class! Would my ultimate fantasy actually come true?

@@She sat down, seemingly crossing her legs while getting back to her papers, but it was clear her concentration was focues elsewehere by now. She alternately gazed out of the window, out over the class and over to the door, as if not sure what to fixate on, with a very worried look on her face. Another few minutes passed, maybe about half an hour before the end of the exam, and she quickly rose from her chair and tip-toed over to the door. She opened it and looked out into the hallway and waved to another teacher who happened to be nearby. He went over to her and they exchanged a few hushed words amongst themselves. I watched intensely and tried to pick out what was being said, noticing our teacher standing with her legs tightly crossed while her colleague shook his head with a sympathetic look on his face. Mary-Anne did a slight curtsey and my heart went into aboslute overdrive! I can only assume she had been asking him to cover for her while she rushed to the bathroom but for whatever reason he couldn't.

She went back to her desk and resumed her pretending to go through her papers while obviously tensing her every muscle to endure the remaining half-hour. No replacement showed up during the remainder of the exam and as we all handed in our papers, I tried to get a full view of her sitting at her desk, noticing her having her right hand gripping the side of her chair while she collected our papers one by one with the other. She looked like she was absolutely dying to get out of there and the brief glance of her sitting on that chair all tensed up and trying not to disclose her desperation again fed my imagination of her totally losing it while sitting there.

Nothing of the sort happened and I figured she would rush off to the restroom after we all had left the classroom. I went back to my locker to leave off my pencil and whatnot before heading to the boys's room. I recall there being four stalls inside there, and one happened to be out of order that day and as I exited after doing my business, another guy went inside. Just as I turned on the tap to wash my hands, I suddenly heard an increasing click-clack for a brief couple of seconds before the outer door flew open, and who would it be if not my beautiful teacher! It all happened so fast I almost couldn't parse the scene that unfolded - she sprinted over to the stalls with incredibly fast little steps with criss-crossing legs and tried the doors one by one, but all three of them were occupied! She panicked and crossed her legs one way, then the other while bending down, leaning against the occupied stalls, beet red in the face.

"I'm so sorry!", she said in total embarrassment as she spotted me by the sink, "The teacher's loo was occupied and there's a queue inside girls's room, and I simply can't wait any longer! I'm sorry!"

I didn't say anything but nodded meekly in acknowledgement as I took my time washing my hands while watching through the mirror my beautiful teacher literally about to have an accident in the boys's room! A flush was heard from one of the stalls and she re-crossed her legs again and bent down even further while moaning in agony. I prayed for the guy inside to take his time because this display was so perfect I couldn't believe it - all it needed now was for her desperate urine to suddenly cascade down her crossed and bent pantyhosed legs...

But of course I couldn't have that. Only a few seconds later the stall unlocked and the perplexed guy exited, leaving it for Mary-Anne to rush inside, slamming it shut and locking it. I lingered around, pretending to check my hair while listening to the rapid tapping of heels inside the stall, some brief rustling before an audible hiss emerged, spraying into the water of the bowl. It went on and on and I could only imagine her utter relief after having been trapped for hours beforehand. The hissing echoed inside the tiled room and was still going strong after about a minute when I had run out of legitimate reason to remain in there, so I exited and went to have lunch with my mates in the canteen.

We didn't have her for class for the rest of that day, which was probably just as well as I don't know if I could have faced her without blushing. The scene preoccupied my mind for the rest of the schoolday, not to mention when I finally got home and got some free time to replay the whole event in my head over and over again. Even though I would have absolutely loved for her to have wet herself after such intense desperation (which she certainly did in the versions I made up in my mind afterwards), her just about making it in the end was nonetheless one of the hottest experiences I've ever had.

*002*2023-09-15 20:25

{{On 9/8/2023 at 12:27 PM, warham1995 said:

What an interesting story, I think it is nice that you are willing to larp as the character telling the story and will there be any more either with different characters or the same ones but in a different setting?

}}

I became rather enamoured with the sightning larp actually, so I'm likely to come up with more "sightnings" down the line, in contrast to the more elaborate multipart epics. If nothing else, it's a good excuse to get more stuff out there without too much delay as they can be much shorter and more limited in scope as well. I don't think I'll hang on to this particular character though. It's not really a character-based concept anyway.

*004*2023-09-15 21:13

{{17 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

@@can i ask for a fake sighting with a secretly masochistic and exhibitionist principal?

}}

Don't mind you asking at all, although I have to admit that this premise does not float my boat at all.

