Car Trip Fails

Author: Alex62

*000*2020-08-14 21:43

It was the last weekend of summer. Nico’s family had just returned home the week before from their trip in the mountains. Jadian and Nico had been planning a camping trip together, just the two of them, as a last fun summer activity before school started back again. It took some convincing especially given that their parents know they’re boyfriends, but eventually they gave in and let them go.

Nico and Jadian were very excited since they will get to spend the whole weekend alone together. They packed enough clothes for three nights (including extra underwear in case of accidents for Jadian), snacks and a cooler with some essentials, as well as all of their camping gear. They loaded their bags and gear in the back of Nico’s old Silver Honda Civic and off they went.

Since Jadian didn’t have a driver's license, Nico drove, and Jadian sat in the passenger seat, scrolling through Facebook. After being on the road for a bit, Nico said he was thirsty and was going to take this exit and get a drink from McDonald's. They pull in to the drive-thru lane, and Nico asks if Jadian wanted a drink. Jadian shook his head and said “no, I don’t want to risk having an accident in your car.” Even with the black interior, Nico didn’t care, and sort of frowned, hoping that Jadian would get desperate to pee, which he thought was really cute to see. “Even if you had an accident, the black interior would hide it.”

Nico kept trying to talk Jadian into getting a drink- saying it “would be a long ride” and “he would get thirsty” but Jadian seemed set on no drink. Nico seemed to convince or even endorse having an accident in his car was okay. Nico was upset but accepted his boyfriend's choice and let it go. When Nico got to the window to order Jadian changed his mind, Nico ordered his large coke and Jadian spoke up and said “and a large Diet Coke.”

They got their drinks and continued driving to the campsite. Jadian and Nico talked about the camping trip and made plans, most resulted in cuddling and kissing. Even though they promised their parents they will be in separate tents they only brought one.

Nico kept watching Jadian for any signs of desperation, as he really hoped for an accident. Jadian, on the other hand, didn’t want to have on in Nico’s car even though he has started to enjoy his accidents. Jadian wasn’t sure why, and still felt very guilty he had them, but seem to end up getting hard after them lately.

Jadian was now glad he got a drink- Nico was right, it was a long car ride and he did get thirsty along the way. Jadian was still worried about having an accident despite Nico’s reassurances that an accident would be ok. This caused Jadian to be careful with his drink but he got desperate anyhow and began to cross his legs.

Nico noticed right away Jadian’s first sign of desperation and began to blush at the thought of his fantasy coming true. Now Nico just had to make sure Jadian had an accident which was more than likely going to happen. As Nico thought of ways to make his boyfriend wet himself, he failed to notice his own bladder filling up.

Jadian started to fidget more and could not sit still, his need seemed to skyrocket. Nico saw Jadian struggling to hold it but Jadian refused to say anything. Nico watched in amazement for a while but also making sure to watch the road and try to be safe at the same time. Jadian was now squirming around, still unable to sit still. Jadian felt a leak wet his white CK briefs. Panicking, Jadian crossed his legs as tight as he could.

Nico sensed the leak and finally spoke up “If you have to pee that bad, just pee”. Jadian looked at his boyfriend in shock as he couldn’t believe what he just heard, “pee my pants on purpose right here in your car but I would make a mess”. Nico glanced over at him ”It’s more damaging and painful to hold it in so I'm telling you to go”. Jadian looked confused. Nico hoped Jadian would listen and just have an accident but he didn't want to say it is cute to Jadian yet.

That's when Jadian felt another leak and had to grab himself, for a moment he thought of just peeing, after all, Nico told him to but he just couldn't. Jadian kept a death hold on his crotch but after a while, his bladder had too much and pee flooded out of his body with a loud hiss.

”NO, no, no, not here, please not here” Jadian yelled as he tried to regain control but his bladder had enough and he couldn't stop it. Pee soaked his white CK briefs turning them yellow, then soaking his tan khakis shorts. Pee pooled in his seat under his butt and soaked the black interior. When the seat had enough, pee dripped from his seat to the car floor.

Jadian couldn't help but sigh in relief as he peed his pants. He felt so guilty for having an accident in Nico’s car but he loved it at the same time and was confused to find himself getting hard. Nico watched as his cute boyfriend had an accident and soaked his shorts. The tan khakis showed his accident well and Nico found that even cuter. ”Why is this so cute?” Nico asked himself but that's when his own bladder acted up. ”Shit” Nico said and Jadian looked at him with a hurt face thinking Nico said that because of his accident.

Nico saw Jadian’s face and realized his mistake almost immediately. Nico put a hand on Jadian’s shoulder ”Sorry baby but that wasn't directed to you but to myself as I just realized I really need to pee”. Jadian’s eyes widen as he looked at Nico’s light blue cutoff jeans. ”Hold on baby, you can hold it just a few more minutes” but Nico wasn't so sure.

Nico did everything he could to hold on but as he was driving not much could be done. Nico tried putting his legs together and it worked at first, but after a while it stopped helping. Nico then tried driving with one hand and held himself with the other but felt unsafe doing so and returned both hands to the steering wheel.

Nico felt a leak wet his gray Hanes briefs and gasped ”I’m leaking”. Jadian took Nico’s hand in his, ”It it okay, just let it out. Remember what you told me about holding it in, plus, look at me, I peed myself” Nico looked over at Jadian and nodded as he began to pee. Nico shook from the adrenaline rush as pee soaked his gray Hanes briefs and light blue cutoff jeans. Nico felt as the warm pee pooled at his butt, soaking his black cloth car seat and then could hear it dripping to the car floor.

”It is okay baby just relax” but Nico could not stop shaking and began to cry. Jadian saw tears run down Nico’s face ”Baby it is okay, it happens to us all” and kissed Nico on the cheek. Nico couldn't help but to smile as his tears left but he could not stop shaking. ”Thanks, baby” Nico said to Jadian. Jadian rubbed Nico’s messy blond hair, ”Let’s pull over until you calm down, okay”? Nico shook his head and pulled over.

*002*2020-08-16 18:26

{{10 minutes ago, RandomWetName said:

Loved it. Will there be a part 2 about the camping?

}}

Will be one about the camping. Already have an outline for it!!

