Challenging Habits

Author: Apertado

*000*2019-08-24 16:33

Challenging Habits

[This is a short fiction about a brazillian college girl holding herself during a class on an optional day off (I'm not quite sure how to translate "ponto facultativo", which is a holiday that the institutions/companies are not obliged to adhere to. I don't even know if there is such a thing in other places). Just a minor warning, there is a female masturbation scene at the end.]

###

Most people have a very natural habit: waking up, getting up, and then, first thing in the morning, going to the bathroom to relieve their bladder, emptying all the liquid accumulated during the night.

Camila, on the other hand, was not like most people. Therefore, on that early Thursday morning, the young woman, with a mixed ancestry, Japanese-Brazilian, got up, half against her will, since it was an optional day off, took a quick shower, brushed her teeth and, without even making mention of using the toilet, left the bathroom to dress.

She boiled water to prepare a coffee, while buttering a roll and eating an apple. After breakfast, she picked up her backpack and left for the bus stop to go to university.

###

When she was young, for a long time, Camila wet her bed. To overcome that problem, the girl avoided drinking too much liquid at night and religiously went to the bathroom before going to bed.

This habit remained with her, which meant that she usually woke up with little desire to urinate, something that Camila always found nice. Maybe because of the whole bed-wetting thing, when she was younger, she had a certain fascination with holding her bladder. So, in high school, teenager Camila decided to try skipping her morning pee, simply ignoring the urge to pee, which, that morning, was just a slight inconvenience, and go to school like that. In that occasion she had waited until the break to finally go to the bathroom to relieve herself.

Finding that experience peculiarly exciting, Camila began to repeat the feat and soon it became a habit for her.

In the afternoon she worked with her father and mother. They had a small firm that handled the installation and maintenance of telephone exchanges, surveillance cameras, intercom and other such equipment. While her father, a skinny Japanese man with square glasses, carried out the field activities, her mother, a short blonde, with her hair always stuck in a coque, took care of the firm's administration. Since she was a little girl, Camila was curious about her father's work and, although at first Camila helped him with the repair of the equipment he took to the firm's modest laboratory, when he realized that the young woman was good at it, he started to take his daughter to perform services with him, with the greatest satisfaction.

Both because of the volume of activity in the afternoon, as well as out of whim, the teenage Camila ended up not going to the bathroom in the firm, postponing the visit to the bathroom and peeing only when at home, even if she was well hydrated during the afternoon period.

Thus, soon the routine was established: every night Camila urinated before sleep and, consequently, woke up only with a slight pressure in the bladder. She then ignored the urge to pee and went to school, waiting until break to relieve herself. During the morning she was well hydrated and went to the bathroom again at lunchtime. In the afternoon she helped her parents' firm, also drinking plenty of fluids. At night, when she got home, she did not relieve herself immediately: she savored the strain caused by the accumulated urine in the afternoon and held herself until bedtime, when she finally peed. However, the young woman was careful not to drink too much liquid at night, so as not to wake up too full the next morning.

As time went by, Camila became more daring, and despite the intense discomfort she experienced, she started to delay the morning pee for as long as possible, to the point of being able to hold on all morning, leaving to relieve herself only at lunchtime. Since then she started to urinate only twice a day: at noon and before bedtime.

The beginning of college, when the young woman went to live in the capital, only served to consolidate the habit of only two visits to the toilet a day. No matter how hard on her own bladder, she was increasingly used to withstanding the pressure of the held up pee, in such a way that being desperate to pee during the day was a normal condition for her. More than that, it was a source of pleasure: Camila had the most intense orgasms when she masturbated at night, with a very full bladder, or soon after she relieved herself, before going to bed.

###

That Thursday was an optional day off and, in fact, the streets were somewhat quiet. Camila, however, had a very strict teacher's class that morning, and he had not dismissed the class. Camila herself had not complained, she liked his subject and even had a certain esteem for the teacher, a bald and severe old man.

With the optional day off, the number of buses passing through the campus were with a reduced fleet, so she arrived at the center even earlier than usual to ensure not losing the bus to the campus.

As usual, Camila had only woken up with a slight urge to pee, which by then she was used to ignoring, so that when she got to campus she headed for the classroom, just noticing how empty the university was.

The lecture went on normally, despite some absences in the class - which the professor made sure to highlight. Camila was drinking from a small bottle of water the whole time, which she also replenished during the break in the middle of the morning. Normally the class would take the opportunity to have coffee to stay awake, but the canteen was closed because of the optional day off.

Thus, as the morning went by, the Camila's desire to pee grew from a light pressure, to a more intense discomfort. However, it was nothing that she was not already used to manage on a daily basis.

At noon, at the end of the class, she kept talking to the teacher for a few minutes about the theme of the class and accompanied him to his car, helping to take his materials and prolonging the subject. The old man offered her a ride with a rare gentle smile, but Camila refused, since his route was the opposite of hers.

Saying goodbye to the teacher, she made her way back from the parking lot to the building. The young woman headed towards the bathroom to relieve her bladder. However, upon reaching the building, she found the bathroom closed. She could not tell if the janitorial team had closed it because there was no class in the afternoon or if they had simply not opened in the morning.

Without hesitation, Camila climbed the stairs, but found the top bathroom equally closed.

In a snap, she looked at the time on her cell phone and cursed silently: she had missed the bus leaving campus at 12:15. The conversation with the teacher and the return to the building had taken up too much time. And to make matters worse, as it was an optional day off, so the buses were running at a reduced fleet, which meant that the next bus would only be passing at 1:15pm.

Camila evaluated her situation: she needed to pee badly, she could feel the pressure of the fluid held for more than twelve hours inside her swollen bladder, mounting right above her peehole. She was used to holding her pee, but, on the other hand, that level of discomfort was the threshold where she usually ended up going to the bathroom to relieve herself, and that was a boundary she didn't usually venture beyond.

Knowing that she would have to wait for the bus anyways, Camila decided to check the other buildings of the university, but also found all the bathrooms closed.

With resignation, the student made her way to the bus stop. There were half a dozen other latecomers who, like her, had been busy in the morning and had missed the 12:15 bus.

Camila leaned over to a corner and started checking on her cell phone distractedly, failing to ignore the growing urgency that emanated from her full bladder. With no choice, she crossed her legs and waited.

When the bus finally appeared around the corner, Camila was frantic to pee. The young woman's thighs were pressed as tightly together as it was humanly possible. Her hands were cold with anxiety as her bladder was hurting, so full and swollen, and she wasn't sure how much longer she'd be able to hold. In the last few minutes she had contemplated the idea of looking for a bush or something to relieve herself, but now the bus had arrived and she had no choice but to board and endure the fight bravely.

After crossing the ticket gate, Camila walked to the back of the bus, which was almost empty, and sat in the corner, where she hoped to have a little more privacy. She put her backpack on her lap and moved a hand between her legs, as discreetly as possible, squeezing tightly, hoping to help her hold her pee. The pent up liquid put a severe pressure, making her urethra throb, as it battled her muscles. Her groins were tingling and she squeezed herself with all her strength.

All along the way, the young lady fidgeted and squirmed on the seat, biting her lower lip, afflicted, without ever taking her hand out of her crotch. Camila's bladder was about to explode: it was absolutely full. She felt every bump and vibration of the vehicle reverberate in her tightly shut holding muscles. The urge to urinate assaulted her in waves and at each twinge she felt she was about to lose control.

However, so many years of keeping her bladder under strict discipline seemed to pay off to Camila, as twenty minutes later, she arrived at her stop still dry.

Walking to her apartment, however, would be a challenge. Without being able to use her hands to hold herself in public, Camila gathered all the willpower she had and walked at a calculated and torturing slow pace.

Each step was echoed by a desperate pulse from her bladder, which was furiously trying to empty itself.

Camila's hands were cold with affliction. She bit her lips and struggled to withstand the urgency spasms coming from the slight bulge in the lower part of her abdomen. The young woman thought frantically that she was getting close, encouraging herself mentally to endure her agony a little more.

When the gate closed behind her, Camila abandoned her stoic attitude and, putting her dignity aside, as she was a few seconds away from peeing her pants: she used both hands to hold herself between her legs while running to the stairs, going up as fast as she could. All her pelvic muscles seemed on fire and the desperation to urinate worsened with every step she took towards her door.

Breathing heavily, Camila stuck the key in the lock, trying desperately to keep control of her bladder for a few more moments. She opened the door and was hit by an urgency wave so excruciating that she lost control for a moment and felt a squirt of urine escape. A dark stain, the size of an orange, formed in Camila's jeans.

With tears in her eyes and pressing with both hands between her legs as hard as she could, the young woman closed the door. With shaky steps, she headed to the bathroom, letting go of her backpack, opening her belt, unbuttoning her pants and opening her zipper on the way.

When she was at the door of the bathroom, a new wave of despair hit her violently, immobilizing her. A new jet of pee flowed through her urethra, augmenting the stain on her clothes. Camila fell to her knees, her hands pressing her crotch, contracting all the muscles in her body and forcing herself to keep her bladder under control. She was too close to give up now!

With one last effort she threw herself up, opened the door, and in continuous motion, lowered her clothes, sitting in the toilet. Her bladder didn't wait for an invitation and, while Camila was still lowering her wet panties, the long held liquid began to gush from her intimacy, golden and hot, as it was always her first pee of the day.

Camila sighed as a shiver of relief ran down her spine, as her sore bladder began to empty. She closed her eyes, tilting her head back, savoring that long denied delight, and sighed again as the urine continued to drain through her mistreated urethra. It seemed to take years for the flow of the pee to be reduced to a gentle drip and then to cease completely.

She let her head hang forward, enjoying the renewed feeling of comfort while massaging the still painful lower abdomen.

Only after an instant she dried herself with paper, stood up and flushed.

While washing her hands, Camila reflected that she had postponed going to the bathroom for two hours, taking the first pee of the day at two in the afternoon. It was a new mark for her, especially on a day when she hadn't prepared for it. Looking back over the whole experience, Camila was suddenly excited. She put her panties back on, feeling the dampness of the fabric in her intimacy.

The young woman laid down on her bed and stroked herself over the wet panties. The other hand went up inside the blouse, caressing her breast, over the bra and going down the abdomen, until she massaged the bladder area, her thighs, and traced the way back.

When Camila could no longer contain herself, she moved her hand into her panties, masturbating slowly, alternating between caressing her clitoris and fingering herself. Her breathing became heavy and the rhythm of her fingers increased until the ecstasy dominated her body, radiating from her intimacy, hitting her with such force that she arched her back and her toes curled with pleasure. She moaned, riding wave after wave of pleasure as her womanhood, which not no long ago was drenched in agony, now exulted in pure bliss.

###

Camila laid down a bit longer, enjoying the post-orgasm relaxation.

When she finally got up, she noticed that she had a slight urge to pee. Maybe, because she was so desperate before, she hadn't been able to completely empty her bladder. Camila opened an evil grin: worse for her bladder, because her poor organ would have to put up with it, as the young woman only intended to pee again muuuuch later, and, to tell the truth, she was anxious to feel desperate again.

*002*2019-08-24 17:24

Thank you for pointing that misteake out! I just edited that.

And glad you apreciated it!

*008*2019-08-27 01:05

Thank you guys for the positive feedback!

