Cab ride in August

Author: Apan

*000*2022-12-15 20:00

Time to fulfill a sort-of request (as in "I'd really like to read an elaborate version of this story") on courtesy of @pguy69 who sent over a brief sightning originally posted elsewhere. The original post didn't feature much in the way of anything actually, but enough to set the scene for something bigger, so I went ahead and tacked on a possible continuation. Let's see if he'll like the way it turned out, and if not, maybe someone else will.

###

This took place during one night in August when me and a mate of mine, John, had been out on the tiles. We had been at a couple of pubs downing a few pints and were now heading for the taxi stand to get home. The plan was to split a cab to his place from where I could walk the few remaining blocks to my own flat. As it was around 1AM and many of the bars and pubs were about to close for the night, there were quite a lot of people around the taxi stand, all waiting for a free cab to take them home.

@@As we approached the queue, John, always the sociable type in contrast to myself, recognized one of the girls standing in front of us and exchanged a few words in passing. It turned out they both lived in the same apartment block and were sort of acquainted with each other, although I don't think they ever hung out. I deduced from their smalltalk that her name was Sandra and that she had a boyfriend who was out of town this weekend, so she had spent the evening with one of her girlfriends, Veronica, standing by her side in front of us. John didn't seem to know her though. I took note of the girls's appearances as we waited; Sandra was blonde wearing a white top and black tight jeans and heels whereas her friend Veronica was brunette with her long hair cut in a fringe, wearing a maroon shirt and a pair of tight faded jeans tucked into a pair of black leather boots. I couldn't help but stealthily admire Veronica each time she turned her head enough for me to get a glimpse of her cute face peeking out from beneath her bangs.

John kept going back and forth between Sandra in front of us and a couple of other girls by our side that he clearly was trying to charm. I on the other hand noticed something that steadily reeled in my attention as we waited; Veronica seemed unable to stand still in the queue, constantly tensing her legs against each other while subtly moving them back and forth. Occasionally she even crossed them for a few seconds before uncrossing them and resuming that subtle leg-clenching movements. Oh yes, just what this night needed - a pretty girl needing a toilet! And from where we were all standing, there were none to be found in the immediate vicinity. I knew that there was no public toilet available in or around the taxi office, and clearly Veronica knew this as well as I caught her looking around every now and then, sometimes craning her neck as if to try and spot something.

Now, of course she could just be tired from standing, impatient from waiting or simply cold, although that last one seemed improbable as it was still summer. Still, I was itching to find out whether or not I was actually witnessing some bona fide desperation taking place in a crowded place with no chance to immediately get to a toilet. The minutes ticked by as the queue crept forward, sending yet another bunch of people off in the next freed up cab. John kept socializing with the people next to us, but I was only zoned in on Veronica, not wanting to miss out on even the slightest opportunity to gauge her possible desperation as she continued looking around with a worried look on her face, all the while pinching her legs together. Those tight jeans didn't do anything to conceal her leg movements, quite the opposite, as they followed her soft curves perfectly before disappearing down inside her black leather boots.

###

Then, after maybe 10 or so minutes of waiting, she whispered something to Sandra. I pricked up my ears and tried to pick out even the slightest of key words from their exchange. For the most part I couldn't make out anything discernible, but what little I did catch confirmed my suspision (and hope!): "Toilet", "really need to", "maybe still open". That was enough for my heart to step on the gas, but no sooner had they ceased talking than it sank, because then Veronica set off in the direction to the pub closest to the taxi stand, just down the street, maybe 50 or so meters away. I locked my faraway vision onto her as she scurried away with quick steps towards the pub, outside of which a few party-goers still hung around together with a couple of security guards. It was already past 1AM and the pub was obviously closed, but I figured she would simply ask them to be let in to use the toilet.

I saw her talking to one of the guards standing with her arms crossed with her legs together, but to my amazement, the guard shook his head. Veronica seemed to argue her case as she remained standing in front of him by the closed pub door, but after some back and forth she reluctantly accepted defeat and stepped away, looking around for a brief moment. Then she set off further down the street and around a corner where I knew there were at least a couple of other bars along the street. I didn't know whether or not they would still be open though, but I was certainly hoping for them not to be. Still, I prepared for the disappointment of her finding relief which seemed to be the most likely outcome of her detour.

@@A couple of minutes later, still with the rest of us remaining at the same position in the taxi queue, I saw Veronica emerge from behind the corner of the street and heading back to the taxi stand to rejoin her friend. As she did, I was greeted with what may seem incredibly slight, but nonetheless sent my heart throbbing and totally dried out my mouth in excitement: Sandra whispered something to her to which Veronica shyly shook her head while looking really anxious, her eyes clearly showing signs of worry and helplessness. As she did, she also crossed her legs while biting her lip and looking around her, still with that worried look in her eyes. That brief series of gestures was the single cutest and sexiest thing I've witnessed in a long while, especially with that shy headshake and the helpless look in her soft big eyes. Even if I didn't hear a single word of their whispered exchange, there was no doubt that Veronica was reporting back her failed attempt to find a toilet which she obviously needed very much by now!

@@We were now nearing the front, only one group of people to go before the two girls in front of me and John. Veronica was obviously distressed, constantly moving about where she stood with her arms still folded, occasionally crossing her legs ever so subtly while doing curtseys that made my head spin in arousal. It was so hot to watch her squirm around while trying not to as she nervously looked around for the toilet that wasn't there. I tried to act casual, as if the only thing I was interested in was to get into a taxi cab and go home, when in reality I was hoping for our remaining wait to last for as long as possible. Of course, us being almost in front by now, I knew that my bonus show for the night was about to end. Still, I fantisized about Veronica being trapped in a cab that was taking just a tad bit too long to reach her home and she would eventually have a big accident in the seat, totally soaking those sexy jeans of hers. It was a possibility, but all the same, I wouldn't be there to witness it for obvious reasons.

###

The people in front of the girls got into a cab which drove away, leaving the girls next. Then something absolutely amazing happened; John, ever the social hub of any situation, kept talking with Sandra as we waited, and suggested that the four of us shared a cab since both him and Sandra would get off at the same address.

"Would that be alright with you, Gene? It'll be cheaper for all of us if we split the tab"

Oh god, yes yes yes, you are a fucking hero! was what my mind screamed.

"Sure, no problem", was what I actually said out loud, as casually as possible, doing everything in my might to hide the realization that I was going to spend the next half hour in a car together with a super cute girl absolutely desperate for a toilet. Let me repeat that: I was going to sit in a car together with that gorgeous girl with a fringe haircut, a sexy dark red shirt and even sexier jeans, desperately trying to hide her ever growing need for a toilet and with a small but steadily inreasing chance that she won't make it! Thank God for mates like John!

"You are next to go", the taxi controller announced, "The car should arrive in a couple of minutes"

Just then, Veronica suddenly curtseyed down with her legs pressed together, again looking anxiously around. She turned to Sandra with a slight panic in her eyes, whispering what sounded like:

"I really really need to find somewhere! I'm not sure I can make it until we're back!"

Sandra in turn looked concerned for her friend and started looking around, obviously preparing for leaving the queue and take her desperate friend with her to look for a public toilet. Oh no. Nononono, don't ruin this for me now! My heart beat faster from the newly occured tension and the looming disappointment. Please, Sandra, don't let her!

Just then I noticed the cab approach, the very one reserved for us.

"I think that's our car right there", I chirped in, not having said very much at all while waiting in the queue, but this was a crucial moment. I simply had to do something to get us all in and on our way before Veronica had a chance to slip away.

"Go on, girls", John filled in as he claimed the front seat. Veronica was very hesitant to get in the car and Sandra clearly sympathized with her by now rather obvious need. I felt the opportunity of a lifetime slipping away between my fingers so I rolled the dice:

"We'll be back in like 15 minutes or so", I added, trying to make it sound casual and totally just in passing as not to come off as suspiciously eager to get us all in the car.

"More like 20 minutes", John inserted. Shut up! "But I bet this guy will take it as a challenge to get us home in 15, right?" he added, jovially nudging the driver. I cast a sidelong glance towards the girls, praying for the banter and commotion, however slight, to leave no wiggle room for Veronica to get a word in and slip away. Sandra whispered to Veronica who bit her lip and gave a slight nod before the two of them got in the backseat.

"OK, let's go then!" Sandra said as she slid onto the middle seat with Veronica on her right and myself on her left. Score! Now, drive off before they change their minds. And do take your time, drive carefully and don't haste. We don't want the night to end in an accident, do we? Well, depends on what you mean by 'accident'...

###

@@The drive back to John's (and Sandra's) place would take about said 20 minutes, although I knew that would be under well-oiled circumstances. Add a bit of traffic and it would be more like half an hour. I knew what I feverishly hoped for as I sat there in the back seat, just one girl away from part two of the desperation show I've been granted for the night. The driver pulled away and turned onto the main street leading out of this part of town. I sat leaning my head onto my arm against the window, acting tired and disinterested in anything but getting there, which couldn't have been further from the truth. I cast stealthy glances over to my right, past Sandra who thankfully was preoccupied with her phone, and noticed Veronica sitting with her legs tightly crossed, looking out of the side window as we whizzed down the main street through the town. She couldn't keep still in her seat, constantly wiggling ever so slightly from side to side while tensing her crossed legs while sitting on her hands.

@@Then I was greeted with yet another slice of poet's justice - red lights. Veronica looked ahead as we stopped, looking really worried and frustrated at the momentary delay. My heartrate increased slightly. The red light remained on unusually long despite there being almost no traffic passing by that particular junction. I noticed a few cars approaching from the right, knowing that the sensors would let them through once they reached the junction. I held my breath. Yellow. No! Not yet! Please let the cars by! And green. Damnit! We set off as the approaching cars were prompted to a halt. I just about caught Veronica sigh in relief at the cab resumed its speed, thankful that another minute or so was sliced off from her wait. Nonetheless, I had already started scanning through my mental map of the route for additional traffic lights, but you know how it is, the more familiar you are with a certain place, the more likely you are to forget all about such mundane landmarks as you've passed them hundreds of times.

@@We spent another five minutes on the main street out of the downtown area, everything going frustratingly smooth at the moment. The cab turned onto the ringroad and sped up. Sandra and John chit-chatted about the evening but I obviously had more important issues to monitor. I kept casting glances at Veronica who by now was sitting with her legs uncrossed but held tightly together while squirming around on the seat, still sitting on her hands in a rather tensed up fashion. She sat looking forward in anticipation, occasionally turning her head which led to me quickly look away awkwardly. I'd have no problem with her suspecting I was interested in her, which in fact wouldn't have been too far from the truth anyway, but her suspecting that it was in fact her desperation that piqued my interest was beyond the pale. Not that I think that particular quirk would be within the realm of Veronica's imagination, because who would ever suspect anyone being interested in someone else needing the toilet? All the same, I made sure not to look her way whenever it seemed that she would notice.

@@After a few minutes on the ringroad, we approached another big junction guided by traffic lights. I watched in utter satisfaction how the yellow light came on as the car in front of us slowed down. Again I cast a glance at Veronica who definitely didn't display anything close to satisfaction, instead tensing up and momentarily double-crossing her legs tight. The crossing traffic was a bit more substantial this time, prompting the red light to stay on for at least a couple of minutes. All the while I kept an eye on Veronica who started to rapidly bounce her legs up and down while biting her lip, looking very restless. I tried to get inside her head and estimate just how desperate she might have been. About half an hour prior, she had been desperate enough to leave the taxi queue in order to find somewhere to relieve herself, and with the filtering of the supposed few pints during the evening in mind, I extrapolated some intense urgency going on inside her abdomen by now. And then all the tiny obstacles delaying her on the way, and being trapped in a car with two unknown guys at that. My heart pounded with excitement from thinking about her ever growing distress and even possible fear of wetting her tight jeans from the beer-induced pressure in the backseat before we got back...

@@Finally the lights turned green and the driver took off again. This time Veronica definitely let out an audible sigh of relief, landing her hands into her lap while stroking her thighs for a moment, never ceasing the clenching of her legs in the process. Sandra turned to her friend and asked if she was alright to which Veronica nodded with clear doubt in her eyes, all soft and round beneath her bangs. Her long hair framed her face beautifully, straggling down in front of her shoulders and tickling her bare neck, exposed by her wide unbuttoned shirt collar. Oh my God, how cute can a girl be? And those jeans! I couldn't help but imagining what it would look, sound and smell like if she suddenly couldn't hold it any longer. Hearing a faint hiss as her lap filled up with desperate urine, simultaneously spreading out underneath her and increasingly dripping from the edge of the seat as she sobbed her way through her embarrassing accident. I felt my chap almost going to town by the mere thought and had to keep very still in order to keep him out of town.

Speaking of town, we were now picking up speed on the ringroad as we approached another part of the city. By this pace we would be home in maybe 10 or so minutes. With ramped-up excitement and, let's be honest, mounting disappointment, I kept looking over at Veronica who remained sitting with her palms stroking her thighs, almost as if she was considering shoving them into her crotch for additional holding support. I'm sure she was heavily battling the notion inside her mind by now. Sandra chirped in with some encouragement in passing:

"We'll be there in about 10 minutes", she whispered.

Veronica whispered back in a barely audible but very distressed and anxious manner, and I couldn't quite make out what she said. I sifted out words like "really bad", "emergency", "find somewhere" from the overall non-audible mumble. Let's just say that it was enough to ramp up my excitement even further. If Veronica was suggesting to her friend to "find somewhere" despite us being so close to home, just how desperate must she be? I prayed in silence that Sandra wouldn't take her up on that idea and stick to her assurance that her poor friend would be able to hold on for just a little bit longer.

###

And then - you totally are not going to believe this because these things only happen in fiction - roadworks. With a diversion. Oh. My. Lord.

"Oh yeah," the driver commented, "I had forgot about this. There's a bit of a detour here around this part of town"

Veronicas eyes widened in panic.

"Might take another 10 or so minutes."

OH. MY. LORD. And yes, there is a Lord, and he wants me to witness a beautiful girl wet herself in total despair!

"Don't worry, I'll deduct the additional distance from the fee. Obviously, you shouldn't have to pay for unplanned detours."

Money was probably the last thing on Veronica's mind right now though. As the driver turned the car onto a sideroad leading us through a residential area, she started to rapidly knock her knees together in frustration. She sat upright, craning her neck as if getting a better view out of the windshield would somehow improve her dire situation. She looked so helpless, so cute and helpless! I was so in love with her right then! I had no idea what route the driver would be forced to take but we were clearly not heading in the general direction towards our side of town at the moment. This was building up to the perfect situation. Please drag it out, driver! Please take the long way home! Please make her piss herself! I need that in my life! I sat resting my head in my left hand with my elbow against the doorpane, doing everything in my might to feign indifference towards the mounting tension inside the car.

A couple of minutes into our detour, cruising past a posh neighbourhood consisting mainly of residential houses, Veronica showed no signs of calming down. I noticed her leaning slightly forward, almost as if she was about to finally say something out loud, which I'm sure she was absolutely dying to do by then. She twisted her body sligthly while squeezing one knee over the other as she raised herself off from the seat with her right hand. My mind was spinning, and I bet you anything that hers was as well. I wondered what options she was rallying in her head. Was she considering prompting a stop and then going behind a bush or something? To my delight, we were surrounded only by private properties, but then I wondered if she would actually stoop to ring the doorbell of a random house and ask to borrow their bathroom. It sounded crazy, especially regarding the time of day, but all the same she looked like someone who was seriously running out of dignified options.

She sat in that half-forward position, still with her hand propping her up from the seat and with her tight-jeansed legs almost vibrating with desperation. I noticed we were about to exit the residential area, heading for a light industrial zone preceded by some woodland. Sandra was on the phone at the moment with what seemed to be her boyfriend. Meanwhile I watched Veronica carefully, praying that she wouldn't dare to speak up yet as we passed the forested area.

As we entered the industrial zone, Sandra was about to wrap up her conversation on the phone, seemingly aware of her friend's growing predicament. As she put away her phone, she whispered something to Veronica who replied with a slight headshake, again with her beautifully helpless eyes peering at Sandra from underneath her cute bangs framing her very distressed face. I looked down on her sexy leather boots, noticing she was alternately crossing her feet over each other and I imagined her curling her toes in absolute desperation beneath the black leather. Sandra seemed to prepare for uttering something when John aptly threw in a passing comment:

"Hah! Over there is where I had my first real jag!", he pointed towards some run-down building near the railway that went through this part of town. "Been a while indeed!"

"Certainly", Sandra added, obviously not that interested in John's drunken history, "Now..."

"Oh damnit!", the driver suddenly spouted as he slowed us down to a halt to the clanging noise of yet another gift from the gods.

You better believe it - level crossing. I know, I couldn't fathom my unbelievable luck either.

"Good thing the meter is charging by distance rather than time, right?" the driver continued, trying to light up the situation, blissfully oblivious to the fact that there might be much more pressing concerns than money floating around inside this car. And I literally mean both pressing and floating. Veronica responded to the railway stop with for the first time shoving a hand into her crotch before double-crossing her legs over it with a barely audible gasp. She looked absolutely devastated! And the barriers had just gone down, meaning we would be stuck there for several minutes!

As we stood waiting for the train to pass, other cars joined us on both sides of the crossing, together with a group of people on the sidewalk. This meant that any potential privacy for Veronica to utilize was all but gone, in case she ever had the intention to dash from the car and pull down her tight jeans and relieve herself by the side of the street. Because by now she looked like she was approaching the level of desperation where that would have been a most plausible option.

She sat with double-crossed legs, turning from side to side while looking helplessly around her out the car windows as we waited. It was at least five minutes of seemingly unnecessary waiting before the train finally arrived at the crossing, and even then slowly trudging along at snail's pace. Apparently a freight train, and a long one at that. Veronica did everything within her might not to disclose her utter desperation, but her attempts at concealing her holding attempts were rapidly fading away by now as we waited for the train to pass. Her squirming got more and more pronounced and she shifted her crossed legs one way to the other every 30 seconds or so. Sandra tried to console her poor friend, every now and then exchanging some whispering back-and-forth that I didn't catch.

###

Then finally, after yet another few minutes, the train had passed and the barriers started going up. As the driver set off, Sandra spoke up:

"Excuse me, do you think we could stop by a petrol station on the way?", she enquired. My attention peaked. No! Say no!

"Why's that?", the driver responded.

"We could really use a bathroom back here. Do you mind?" Please say no, please say no, please say no!

"We'll be there in about 10 minutes" I added in passing even though it was probably more like 15, trying not to come off as suspiciously eager to keep us from a bathroom on the way.

"Surely you can wait until we're home, right?" John filled in, almost as if he was conciously backing up my statement.

"I was counting on us being home by now," Sandra interjected, "but then that detour and all. Just a quick stop and then we'll be on our way, yes?" She did her best to put some authoritative weight behind her words. For all I could sense, she was in no need herself but rather trying to cover for her desperate friend.

"Alright," the driver replied, "there is a petrol station along the ringroad. We will be arriving on it from the other direction now after the diversion. Just a quick stop though."

Needless to say, I was frustrated beyond belief, feverishly hoping for a traffic jam, a flat tyre, the driver making a wrong turn, the police pulling us over, the station being closed, whatever would keep Veronica from getting to a toilet in time! But the gods were no longer watching out for my perverted interests, instead switching their attention to poor desperate Veronica who was only minutes away from finally getting her relief. Oh well, I guess it was just a bit too much to wish for.

The cab exited the industrial area and turned onto the ringroad which would eventually lead us to John's place although from the opposite direction. Unfortunately (for me), it would also lead us directly towards the aforementioned petrol station in only a few minutes. This seemingly mundane piece of knowledge kept Veronica on the edge of the seat all the way, sliding back and forth while pinching her legs together. In my head I desperately grabbed hold of any tiny potential obstacle on the way, even the car in front of us that ever so slightly kept our speed down, but of course it didn't do anything in the way of delaying our arrival at the petrol station. Our driver turned onto the concourse in front of the store which - again unfortunately - was open.

"Right, you go and do your business, but don't take too long!", the driver announced as he turned the enginge off. As Veronica fumbled open the door, I sat with pounding heart wondering whether or not I should join the girls. I watched Veronica climb out from the backseat and made a special note of scanning her perfect behind with that light denim stretching all over it. It would take but a mere single spurt to show through, not to mention what a full frontal flooding would do to those beautiful curves! I drove myself crazy with my fantasies, but realized they would remain just that - fantasies. Nonetheless, I could at least afford to watch the end of the show, but I had to act fast.

"I'm gonna take the opportunity to get myself a drink while we're here anyway", I said, "Be right back."

I hasted out of the car and walked towards the store building, catching up with the girls who were already on their way. Veronica walked with her arms tensed up down her sides and her fingers splaining in concentration as she took short, careful steps with her thighs moving back and forth over each other as she walked, almost as if she was walking a tightrope. Oh my God was she hot! I imagined her face at that moment, the desperation and anticipation in her eyes. Her boots clicked stressfully on the concrete, underlining how eager she was to finally get to that toilet before the floodgates opened. The three of us reached the door at the same time and Veronica took the lead with Sandra following her hurried trek well inside the store.

"I'm just going to grab a drink, see you outside", I uttered in passing as the girls disappeared down the isle to the far end of the store and behind a corner to where the toilet was marked to be located. I grabbed a Red Bull and went to pay for it, not that I really needed the extra energy, having been sufficiently boosted by the desperate showcase that all the same had just reached an end. Oh well, I guess I'll have to fill in the final bit myself whenever I think back on this cab ride.

###

As I stood in front of the counter and swiped my card to pay for the Bull, I heard hurried footsteps emerge on my left before hearing Sandra's voice:

"Excuse me, the toilet is out of order, you don't happen to have a staff toilet we could use?"

@@b-bom b-bom b-bom b-bom

"Oh, yeah, sorry about that. We do have one for the staff but I'm not allowed to let customers use it, I'm afraid."

@@b-bom b-bom B-BOM B-BOM B-BOM

"It's kind of an emergency, couldn't you make an exception now that the customer restroom is shut? Please?" Sandra argued.

The young guy behind the counter shook his head in sympathy, "Sorry, I'd really like to help but I'm just not allowed."

BOBOM BOBOM BOBOM BOBOM!

My heart was running in circles inside my chest by now. Sandra turned to Veronica who stood all tensed up with her arms folded across her chest while pressing her legs together to the point of shaking, looking almost like she was about to cry. The two girls exchanged whispers I couldn't make out after which Veronica did a quick nervous shake of her head in obvious defeat. I had no idea how to react, or if I even should react. I stood near the counter by the door, waiting in anticipation for what would happen and what would be said, feeling my whole inside tensing up like a clockwork spring.

Sandra then turned back to the guy behind the counter: "Look, I don't wish to cause you any trouble or anything, but it really is an emergency. She really needs a toilet." She needs a toilet, and if she doesn't get it, she's going to wet herself!!! "You couldn't check with the manager if it's alright to make an exception, could you? Please?"

The guy hesitated for a moment. I held my breath. Then he replied "I'm alone here right now, I could've tried to call the station manager but it's half past one and he's definitely asleep by now. Really can't risk it, I'm sorry."

Veronica bent down ever so slightly with one knee pressing over the other while her pleading desperate eyes almost teared up in horror. Oh dear Lord, she's so beatiful! She's so fucking beautiful right now! The most beautiful girl in the world standing in front of me, about to piss herself and not being allowed to use the toilet! There is a god, and he wants it to happen and he wants me to see it!

Still, I had to at least try to act like a normal human being in spite of almost convulsing with excitement.

"We are only a few minutes from where we're going", I said, again trying to sound as casual as possible, perhaps a bit too casual, "Let's go, surely you can wait until then?", I added, trying to look concerned for Veronica, but still hoping that she wouldn't be able to wait. I held open the door as if to urge the girls out of the store and back into the cab.

"Ok, let's hurry. Come on, Veronica, it's not far.", Sandra said, dragging poor desperate and unrelieved Veronica with her past me holding the door. Veronica stumbled forward in small, small steps and I heard her faintly sobbing as she passed me by. I'm not a total jerk; I did feel genuinely sorry for her, imagining the immense pressure that only beer can bring building up inside her with nowhere to go but into her jeans in case she didn't find anywhere soon.

###

The three of us filed into the backseat, with me about to comment on the proceedings when Sandra sternly prompted the driver:

"Let's get going immediately! They didn't have a working toilet and Veronica really needs to go. Please do hurry!"

...before she has an accident! I added in my head. I so wanted her to say it out loud. Not nearly as much though, as I wanted it to happen before we reached our destination, which more and more seemed like a real possibility by the minute. As the driver sped out of the concourse and back onto the ringroad, Veronica sat grinding herself back and forth on the seat, whimpering every now and then to no one in particular: "Please..... please hurry.... oh please.... I'm about to explode....". Now that the cat was out of the bag, she apparently didn't care as much about concealing her utter desperation in front of the rest of us.

We approached yet another red light crossing just as it changed to yellow. You know exactly what I hoped for.

"Don't stop, it's still not red, step on the gas!", John persuaded the driver as we approached the junction at speed. Shut up, John! I hate you! But of course, neither John nor the driver seemed particularily enthusiastic about the prospect of Veronica totally flooding herself in the backseat. I know, what's wrong with these guys anyway? Thus, we whizzed by the traffic lights just as they changed to red, shaving off yet another minute from Veronica's despair and adding to the possibility that she will make it after all. Damn and blast!

We sped along the ringroad for another five minutes, all the while Veronica sat with her bum sliding up and down the backseat while she held onto the front seat backrest, her legs constantly rubbing against each other, her feet occasionally stomping on the floor, occasionally trampling on each other. She was almost crying by now, looking so very very afraid, almost like someone being held at gunpoint fearing for their life. She was constantly turning her pretty head looking all around her, now out of the side window, now at the driver, now at Sandra, now out through the windscreen, now even at me briefly, but never able to focus on anything.

Finally we turned onto a sideroad leading us to John's and Sandra's neighbourhood. Only a few more streets. Sandra stroke her poor friend on the shoulder, trying to reassure her that they were almost there and that she would make it. Veronica looked back at Sandra with tears in her eyes running down her soft cheeks, her hair straggling down her wide open shirt collar and sticking to her bare neck now sweaty from her desperate struggle, whimpering in the cutest of voices:

"...I can't wait... I really can't wait any longer! It's gonna happen... oh god, please no!!!"

As if hit by the sheer weight of the significance of her newly uttered words, Veronica suddenly lent forward, grabbing the backrest like it was a branch from which she was hanging herself in order not to fall while her other hand shot to her crotch.

"No.... oh no... nononono...!!!!" she gasped in total horror.

"Please hurry!", Sandra implored the driver, "She's gonna have an accident! She's wetting herself!!"

I almost fainted when Sandra said that. I had to sit absolutely rock still; the slightest touch of my chap and I would unload my built-up excitement all around my gentlemen's area. I looked over at Veronica who sat equally rock still for more or less the same reason, only her load would cause absolutely massive devastation by multiple magnitudes in comparison. I sat waiting for the hissing to commence from beneath her hand and the tightly stretched denim.

The cab turned onto John's street. Just a few blocks left now. Veronica remained frozen in her forward, sniffling between breaths, all red in the face, looking straight ahead, visibly counting the seconds now.

"Ah....haaaaaaah... hhaaAAAAAAAHH!!!! No - no - no - no....!!!!!"

She panicked yet again, digging her hand even deeper into her crotch, if at all possible, while absolutely tying herself into a knot. I held my breath, still waiting for the hiss...

"John, " Sandra then enquired, "Which floor do you live on?"

"First floor. Why?" he replied.

"Could she please use your bathroom? I live on the top floor and there's no way Veronica's going to make it up the stairs now!"

Oh no, don't let her!

"Sure thing, no problem at all."

I HATE YOU, JOHN! I mean, obviously I don't, but at that very moment I honestly could have killed him. Why can't I have this? She's so close to the edge, just that one last push, please? Please?

"Thankyouthankyouthankyouthankyou, oh god, thank you!!!!" Veronica managed to gasp while rocking back and forth to hold back the massive ocean just a few more moments. She would still have to walk from the car to the building and climb a half level of stairs to John's front door though. It's not over until it's over. I also realized that if Veronica would try and make it up the stairs to Sandra's flat, I wouldn't be able to follow and behold the possible tsunami raining down her tight jeans anyway, not under any passable pretense at least. Tagging along to John's flat on the other hand was perfectly adequate. Still, I needed a good excuse and I whacked my brain in trying to come up with something. However all this would turn out, I sure as hell wasn't going to miss the finale!

"I'll come along inside with you, John, if you don't mind." I dared interject just as the cab slowed down in front of the block, "I could really use a glass of water"

"Alright, we can have that arranged, sir." he replied. Thanks for the ticket, mate! All that's lacking now are the fireworks. Or waterworks rather. Explosion nonetheless.

Just as the car ground to a halt, Veronica immediately started fumbling for the opening handle for a couple of seconds before managing to swing open the door. She carefully turned rightward, never letting go of her hand from her crotch, preparing to raise herself up from the seat and onto the ground. I watched her light jeans stretching over her bottom as closely as I dared as she stumbled onto her feet outside the cab door.

"I'll take care of the bill so that you can get inside right away, we'll sort the splitting out afterwards, okay?", Sandra meanwhile proclaimed, clearly doing everything to get her poor friend onto a toilet as soon as possible. I on the other hand, was desperately trying to figure out a way to do the exact opposite, but was fresh out of ideas of how to delay things further without showing my perverted deck of cards.

"Come on then!" John said before walking briskly to the front door. He entered the door code to prepare for Veronica who was supporting herself on the open back door of the car, standing half-crouched with her legs double-crossed and her hand still in between them. She stood lightly bobbing up and down for a few seconds before stumbling her way towards the front door. Her steps were so tiny and desperate, her feet virtually never ceasing contact as she weaved them around each other treading forward, still in that half-bent over position. I walked beside her as if watching out for her in her desperate struggle, and part of me was honest-to-God doing so. Still, the remaining possibility to witness what could be a perfect accident kept me in a tight grip.

"Almost there," I said to her in passing, "Are you alright?"

She shook her head hopelessly as she stumbled forward, her boots stressfully tapping against the ground, tears streaking down her red face and her straggled hair dangling in front of her in tandem with her forward movements. As she reached the door, she suddenly stopped, crossed her legs the other way and bent down while leaning onto the opened door.

"Ah! Aaah! AAAAAAAAAAHH!!!!"

And I thought I was lucky being in a car with her. Now I was standing right beside her, taking in her ultra-tight jeans straining over her legs and bottom as she bent down, totally twisting her legs around each other. Please happen, oh God, please happen! It couldn't get any more perfect than this if it happened now! Seeing the uring forcing itself out through the light denim as she desperately tries to hold it back with her leg twisting and bending down!

But it didn't happen. Somehow, she managed to retain her control, but it was as clear as day that her remaining seconds were counted. John, ALWAYS the gentleman, spared no time in rushing up the half-flight of stairs to his door, unlocking it for Veronica. Meanwhile, she flew up the stairs in one single sprint before halting again once having conquered them, leaning against the wall in that same bent-over leg-twisted position, only a couple of meters from John's now open front door.

"...I can't.... it... too late.... oh no... it's coming.... it's gonna.... no.... please....no...." she panted, utterly devastated, tears beginning to overflow her eyes as she started to seriously cry in total defeat.

"Come on! The toilet is right across my hallway, hurry!" John tried to encourage her.

"No... oh no..... nooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!" Veronica cried, slowly sinking down with her braided legs wrapped around each other, evermore increasing the pressure against each other and the strain of the light fabric as she bent them. Her face displayed the utmost horror.

I watched.

I listened.

I waited.

This is it.

I'm finally going to get it! She is going to -

"AAAAAH!!!!!" she screamed before freeing herself from her bent-over shackle, stumbling forward in the most desperate rush I'll probably ever witness. She ran with incredibly rapid tiny steps through John's front door and across his hallway, desperately scissoring her legs around each other while keeping one hand pressed into her crotch and the other stretched out for the toilet door. I watched her desperate rush from behind and sure enough - a dark pattern emerged on her bottom, creeping outwards along the cresases in the tightly stretched denim as well as up her buttcrack for the mere handful of seconds it took for her to reach the bathroom! She slammed the door shut and I heard some rustling before she let out an involuntary moan, faintly audible through the closed bathroom door together with a massive gusher hitting the water in the bowl.

"Oh my, that was one desperate girl!" John commented, with me meekly nodding in agreement. I know I should be thankful for what I got, and I did indeed get a lot. Still, I couldn't help thinking about how wonderful it would have been to behold her losing it during those last few seconds, standing in the doorway halfway to the bathroom and totally drenching her tight jeans in such a desperate gushing flood while haplessly crying her eyes out in embarrassment and defeat. But I knew of course that it was only right that she was allowed to finally make it, even if barely. She was such a sweet girl after all, and didn't deserve to have a devastating accident among unknown guys, especially a closet perv like myself.

"Go and get your water, you know where the glasses are." John continued, "I'm going outside to meet up with Sandra."

And so I did, entering the kitchen next to the bathroom and poured myself some water. I definitely wasn't lying about needing it, with my mouth having all but totally dried out from the ever-mounting excitement I just had lived through. As I stood in the kitchen, I heard Veronica's hissing still going on on the other side of the wall, echoing inside the bathroom with the heavy splashing into the water underlining even further just how incredibly desperate she was. And it went on for at least a couple of minutes!

I was totally overwhelmed with all kinds of emotions; arousal, sympathy, satisfaction, incredible disappointment, hollowness, embarrassment, fascination, and a very profound attraction towards this now very relieved girl, finally able to empty her massive reservoir under reasonably dignified circumstances. I wasn't exaggerating when I referred to her as the most beautiful girl in the world earlier; she was pretty to begin with, but somehow her dire emergency together with her shyness and ultimate realization just how much in danger she was of totally soak herself in front of us put her way up on a high pedestal in my twisted brain. Almost as if her at the last moment depriving me of watching her having that massive accident was somehow an avatar of a woman so beautiful and perfect you know she will always be beyond your reach.

Meanwhile, as her massive gusher finally faded out, I remained in the kithcen, topping up myself with some much-needed water, trying to bring myself back to earth and into reality. Veronica remained in the bathroom for a while, probably sorting out what damage her clothes might have received as she obviously had started pissing before reaching the toilet... oh God, only thinking about her desperate sprint and the pee starting to come out into her tight jeans... if only the handle would have been stuck or come off or... no, buck up, bucko! She made it and that's a good thing! Imagine having to face her being totally hapless and devastated and crying her eyes out, this was all for the better! I convinced myself that it was worth having even a perfect accident snatched away from me to not have the night out partly in my company ending up being one of her worst memories ever. I'm sure it was embarrassing enough as it was.

John and Sandra returned not long after, and eventually Veronica came out from the bathroom, looking relieved but very sheepish. I refrained from zoning in on her jeans, but I did catch a glimpse of a damp pattern around her crotch area, especially visible from the back. Sandra hugged her friend and asked if she was alright to which Veronica nodded before addressing John in unadulterated gratitude:

"Thank you, thank you so much for letting me in here! I was so desperate, I would never have made it if you hadn't let me use your bathroom!" she owned up. Like there was any hesitation for anyone in her vicinity during those last critical moments.

"Don't mention it, good thing you made it!" John casually replied, "Your friend here should think twice before opting for the top floor though. Next time I might not be at home!", he continued, teasingly nudging Sandra.

"You're right", Sandra responded, "It was all my fault for living at the top! Anyone up for a nightcap?" she then enquired, now that the tension was gone.

"I'm actually bone-tired, I was thinking of heading straight to bed now, if you don't mind" John replied. I would have been up for some further socializing but felt kinda awkward by the thought of hanging out alone with two girls I just had acquainted, so I decided to announce my leaving for the night. It turned out that Veronica lived just a few blocks away in my general direction, so it was only natural that I walked her home. We talked quite extensively along the way, now that she was back to normal after the ordeal, and she turned out to be a very nice girl indeed and I could sense that the feeling was mutual. Now, as much as I would have loved to watch her totally piss her tight jeans after her prolonged wait, what ensued was probably a way better outcome in the long run.

*004*2022-12-16 08:22

{{6 hours ago, pguy69 said:

I do like it very much! What an absolute treat, and a real embellishment from the original. Maybe not quite where I would have taken it, but so many of my favourite things in there. It is long, detailed, and excellently written, and I love it. Thankyou so much for taking the time, the one I am working on for you will be ready in the next few days, I hope you love it just as much!

}}

Why, thank you very much! I take that as a pass then. Part of the fun is to nail the crucial factors but still manage to add some unpredictability to it. Really looking forward to what you'll do with that other story.

{{47 minutes ago, wether said:

Excellent story, one of those I like to read again after some time. BTW - is the original story ("brief sighting") available anywhere?

}}

Sure'nuff'n here you are: https://peefans.com/topic/14784-bb-sightings/?tab=comments#comment-211208

As is obvious, I did take some creative liberties even with what little there was in the first place. Hopefully that's not a big crime.

*006*2022-12-16 17:22

{{1 hour ago, WiiGuy86 said:

Ha, thanks for sharing that, I actually logged in just to ask the same question

}}

No problem! Thanks for the appreciation, by the way!

*010*2023-05-11 17:01

{{On 5/10/2023 at 3:54 AM, Greg Ritferd said:

This is the best story I have ever read in my entire life. I’m absolutely floored by this and so blown away at the skill you have at writing. Honest to god, I will willingly pay you to rewrite the ending in a copy of where the door is locked at the end and you know what happens. Hope this message finds you well, you are talented. If you’re interested, I’d be over the moon🫂💙 Thank you for writing such a mythical-tier masterpiece of a story.🥲

}}

Wow, thanks for that blast of a feedback! You know, I would give an arm and a leg to read that same story written by someone else, but with that certain other ending as well. When it comes to reading stories, the full-blown accident for an ending is the only thing I care for, but when writing something myself, I no longer see any reason to go there. On the other hand, I'm definitely not going to stop anyone else who might want to have a go.

