(Futanari) In the gym {with pictures}

Author: Ankonia

*000*2022-01-03 18:12

Attention - this content story of Futanari characters

Emily was a beautiful 22 year old girl with short black hair with freckles all over her body. Today she had to go to the gym and for the occasion she wore small black cotton women's boxers, over a pair of tight dark gray leggings with a white sports bra.

Before going to the gym she already needed enough to go to the bathroom for drinking two large glasses full of water, so I put her bag on the floor and went to the bathroom inside her apartment.

After lowering the leggings and boxers I stood there for 5 minutes trying to pee without success. He did not know why but although he had a discreet need to urinate, not a drop of pee came out of his penis.

After spending another 5 minutes unsuccessfully he decided that he will go to the gym bathroom. She got up her boxers with leggings, took her bag, and after 10 minutes by car she had arrived at the gym.

Today the gym was full of people, he went to the locker room and noticed a long line of girls waiting their turn in front of the toilet room. Emily is starting to worry a little but she thought she would be free later, so I start her 2 hour workout.

I begin to warm up with 30 minutes on the treadmill, while he was walking he had to hydrate himself with a sip of water every now and then. After almost 20 minutes her despair drastically increased, forcing the poor woman to walk with her legs closer together.

In the last 5 minutes the urge to piss was skyrocketing and while he was doing the last minutes of brisk walking a small spray came out of the penis, slightly wetting the boxers.

Emily after she finished her light run felt that the boxers were completely wet because she had suffered two more small losses and had sweaty testicles, but at the moment there was not a single spot on the leggings.

After taking another sip of water she ran into the locker room to go to the bathroom but the queue had increased. The only thing to do to avoid having an accident as a child was to join the queue and wait for your turn.

When there were only two people missing in front of her, the pee decided to go out a high time with a little squirt. Looking down he noticed a small dark spot on the leggings right on the tip of the penis. He squeezed his legs tightly and placed his hands firmly on his penis.

After another loss, the last person finally comes out and Emily walks into the small toilet room, quickly pulls down her soaking leggings and boxers leaving her penis exposed.

But the pee did not come out! Emily is trying to push the pee out of the penis to no avail, although she is about to burst, the pee does not want to come out.

He tries for almost 5 minutes when a woman nervously knocks on the door. Panicked Emily pulls up her boxers and leggings and opens the door to let the girl in.

While another leak increases the size of the stain on the leggings, as she came out of the locker room she had a diabolical idea that is to pee in the towel.

Then he took the towel and went to sit on a bench, lowered the leggings slightly and put the towel over the boxers. After less than 2 seconds the pee began to come out like a stream while the towel began to get wet more and more.

After releasing almost half of the pee she was forced to stop because the towel had become completely soaked.

Once he blocked the flow and pulled the towel away, he pulled up his leggings and saw a dark patch of urine the size of a ping pong ball right on the tip of his penis.

I keep exercising trying to hide the dark spot every time someone passed, while the pee was starting to build up in the bladder again.

After 30 minutes, Emily's desperation returns as before. While doing the squats the desperation only increased, forcing the poor girl to do them with her legs together.

After finishing the squats, he has to do 20 minutes on the stationary bike. Despite the urge to urinate, he wanted to start, his bladder hurt from the lot of liquid it was holding.

To relieve the pain, since she already had a dark spot on her leggings she decided to let out some pee. I let out a small stream of urine by dropping two drops on the bike chair.

After doing this, for the next 2 minutes the despair subsided but soon I am back as before forcing Emily to get up and run to the bathroom.

As always there was always a long line, and Emily got behind it all by crossing her legs and hiding her spot (which has become much larger and even more visible) with her hands.

There were still four people missing in front of her, but Emily wouldn't let go and squeezed her legs even tighter. As she searched for something to distract herself, she noticed that next to her was a girl who was younger and shorter than Emily, who was jumping and doubling over in despair, and was starting to cry.

Emily seeing the poor girl said in a low voice: "girl, don't cry what's wrong?"

The little girl turned to Emily and said, "I'm going to piss in my shorts just like a baby!"

To calm her down, Emily told her: "Don't worry, soon it will be your turn, and look, I'm about to have an accident too."

The girl stopped crying and replied:

"my bladder is hurting from how much pee I have to do!"

Emily replied: "If you relieve the pain try to pee on yourself and see it will pass for a while"

Emily pulled her hands away from the penis showing him the stain saying "look, I did it too before to relieve the pressure"

The little girl was amazed by the pee stain on Emily's leggings and replied: "ok, now I'll try"

Emily looked down and discovered that the girl was a Futanari too, because her penis was visible from her green shorts.

After only 5 seconds I begin to glimpse a small dark green spot (on the tip of the girl's penis) that gradually became bigger and bigger until it became as big as the stain that Emily kept on her leggings.

Emily looking at this, could only increase her urge to urinate, failing to prevent two small sprays from coming out further enlarging the stain.

The little girl, after the stain finished spreading on her shorts, said, "Thanks! I feel a little better now!"

After another 5 minutes in a row, the girl had entered the toilet room and the next was Emily.

Emily couldn't stop hopping in desperation, bending over, squeezing her legs tightly and pressing as hard as she could on the penis.

She had never been so desperate in her life. The girl opened the door and Emily ran inside, and without even lowering her leggings she remained motionless in front of the toilet, completely wetting her horse and legs both holy and behind, while a huge puddle formed that came out of the door.

The pee came out so maybe it crashed into her boobs, completely wetting the white sports bra too.

He could not continue to work out in the leggings in these conditions, so he left the bathroom (covering his face with his hands in shame), took the bag, got into the car and went home.

Once she arrived at the apartment, she wasn't sad about peeing in her leggings at the gym, on the contrary she felt good and after taking a shower she sat on the sofa to watch a movie.

Emily:$$

The little girl:$$

