AuthorFaust`s Commissions Thread.

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2018-08-30 16:23

Hello, and welcome to AuthorFaust's Commissions thread. Faust was just thinking about the last time Faust went to open these, but didn't have a proper setup, or a proper paypal or such to receive any such payments, causing many issues and or dissuading things....

But, Faust has remedied at least one of those problems, making payment more flexible and as such, writing prices a bit easier to work for!

Faust wants to iterate that Faust is not in any danger as it is in case this kind of thing flops: Faust is basically doing this as a mild hobby to acclimate to his urge to spend money on a game he plays on the side. [Fate Grand Order, in case one was curious.]

But, should you desire a Faust-written story of your own choosing, and are willing to compensate Faust, then read along!

Otherwise, feel free to lurk, and maybe check out Faust's current Interactive

!

If Faust gets into the writing spirit enough with things....Faust might even have a second one to work on/Begin anew!

###

Commission Guidelines

Specialities / What Faust will do

Piddle-related incidents: [Including, but not limited to: Desperate Struggles, Free peeing, unintentional urination in garments, intentional urination in garments]

Tummy-Related Incidents: [Including, but not limited to: Desperate Tummy Turmoil, Copious amounts of Gas, Panty-defiling production]

Psuedo-Loli: [A character that looks or acts young, but is in actuality properly of age as dictated by your region of living]

Diaper-Duties: [A character wearing/Utilizing a Diaper to deal with toilet issues.]

Crossdressing: [A character Disguising themselves as the opposite Gender for intentions: Vulgar or not]

Females: [Faust writes many works with a nearly-all female cast. However, this does not mean Faust won't at least try to write accident-incited stories with male protagonists.]

Magical Mishaps: [Magical spells have Illicit Effects: Intentional or Not]

Psuedo-Humans: [Beings that appear to be normal humans, but may have different Biology. Like Vampires, Ghouls, Servants etc.]

Lovely Lewdities: [Characters interacting with other character's naughty parts.]

Yandere Behavior: [Actions including but not limited to: Stalking, Trespassing, Fantasizing, improper treatment/acquisition of garments to a character.]

Lewd Pranking: [Including but not limited to: Underwear Theft, Drink spiking, Skirt flipping, etc]

Delays: [Things that stall a chance to relieve private needs such as: Long Lines, Occupied Stalls, Naughty Siblings stalling out, presence of Teachers or Parents, etc.]

###

Repulsions: Things Faust will not do

Excessive Violence: [Faust will not focus on Excessive injuries, bloody scenes, dismemberment, or other forms of physical torture]

Non-Consensual acts of Sexual intercourse: [No Forced Sex, plain and simple]

NTR in regards to Yuno Gasai: [Personal Authorial Preference]

###

Middle Ground: Things Faust Might Do:

Ask Faust. Faust will answer you.

###

[Faust Reserves the Right to Modify this list at any given time.]

###

Pricing:

Faust is still new at this pricing thing, but Faust will do his best to make a suitable setup, given the situation. Given examples such as MasterXploder whose thread can be found here

, Faust will do pricing based on one of the following:

1. Word Count:

$6 for every 1,000 Words. [$3 for every 500]

Limit: 4,000 Words per Commission

Incidents:

2,$4 for every incident/delay over the story.

[For Example: Making a character Immediately wet would be 4, but having someone occupy the bathroom, an out of order sign on the next, a massive line blocking the third, and a wetting outside of the school would be 16. Discuss with Faust for the proper pricing before writing is begun]

3. Commissioner preference: [The Commissioner Negotiates a price with Faust directly, based on content.]

[Specials:]

[These are Special Themed Orders that one can make with Faust. These are limited time, so scoop em up, if you want them!]

1. Yuno Experiments: [Yuno is trying to experiment with various kinks, in order to cater to more desires.... [Incident/delay based: $3 per delay/incident of choice]

2. Bathroom Blowout: [With the bathroom out of order, Girls need to find other ways or places to go. $3 per Girl, +$1 for unfortunate Accidents in garments]

3. Personal Fantasy: [A story Written with a character that is aware of your presence, and is catering to your desire] [$15. Up to 3 characters per commission: DIscuss with Faust for details]

4. Catching Shorts: [Barring all plot and buildup, this is a special bit where you catch the target just as they are defiling garments, or otherwise dealing with urges. These are much much shorter than usual, given it's just the incident.....But come at a clip of $1 Per incident. (Meaning spotting someone wet outside of school would be a Dollar, but making them lose it at three more intervals would be 4 dollars total. The same person can be chosen more than once, though you might prefer different locations. Discuss with Faust Prior. If these are popular, Faust might develop a further special.]

###

[Catching Short Example:]

The voluptuous pinkette staggered out of the gym room, her hands buried in the bright crimson shorts that were uniform for the class. She had endured first period, handled second class, and even made it all the way through lunch, despite the completely barred-off bathrooms.....But, as she slumped against the walls of the building, her struggle had finally ceased to exist....

"Haaahh...Ohhh... Ohhhh... Yuno Caaaan't!!!" she wailed as the bright red material was swiftly marred with a dark patch, the garment growing in moisture as her personal feminine plumbing finally gave way......A loud, gushing torrent starting to spray all across her thighs and legs......Splashing to the ground noisily as the girl covered her face.

"Ohhhh...Ohhhhh.. Ohhhh, so much is coming out..." Yuno sniffled, copious amounts of piddle cascading off of the girl's creamy thighs, as her whole body shook in relief....Her long, long hold finally over....

###

[Issuing Payment]

Faust believes in providing optimal service for his customers, and as such, will not take payment until the commission is done. Faust would be too tempted to spend the money right away, and Faust wants to get the work done. As such, you will inform Faust of what your commission is. (Through Messaging him on this, or In this thread], and Faust will provide it to you, after which, you will paypal Faust the agreed upon amount.

Failure to do so will get you on the Blacklist, and likely bar you from future commissions. Faust is trusting you, so please do not let Faust down.

Whitelist:

Zenkopan: [For being an amazing requester from last time Faust opened commissions]

Night Rain: [First Commissioner since opened Commissions!]

Blackist:

None! [Let's keep it that way, everyone]

###

Parting Notes: Faust has a random smattering of knowledge of characters. As such, if it is not a character Faust has been seen using, one might want to ask Faust if he is aware of the series before writing.

Informing Faust is always the best way to get a proper answer! So, any questions, ask away!

Faust works a part-time Job, so works may be a bit slower than he'd like.

&&&&

*005*2018-08-30 18:29

{{2 hours ago, Night Rain said:

This sounds like fun, I'd like to give it a try but I have two question first.

1. First is about pricing, say I asked for a 2k word story which $12 but have two incidents which would make it $20. I understand that part but am a little confused about the incidents are these things based on what we want to happen in the story or based on RL type of stuff?

2. What are some Series that Faust knows about, as this would help when thinking of characters to use?

}}

Question 1: An incident pertains to the kind of things you want to occur in the story, yes. Specific things, such as wettings, or the sort. Faust is able to work on prices and such to try to guarantee a quality-to-pricing ratio, but it's a case of the contents of the writing that really is what changes it. A lengthy, long, arduous tale with many delays, or a setup of accidents across various characters, in a sense. Like, Say in the example, you asked for a 2,000 word story where Someone (Like Ellie in Faust's stories] had a piddle accident, and then had to spend the day in a diaper from there until it was used.....

Or, something akin to that. Such as a piddle accident, followed by a Tummy Accident later.... That kind of thing. Faust is willing to work with you, depending on what you want written. Faust is still learning this pricing thing, after all....

Question 2: Faust is vaguely familiar with a lot of series, but he can give a few examples....

[Series Lists]

1. Pokemon [All of the mainline games]

2. Digimon [Seasons 1, 2, 3, and 4. Cyber Sleuth, Digimon World 1,2,3]

3. Fate: [Grand Order, Stay Night, Zero, Extra, etc. Results Vary]

4. Fire Emblem [Awakening, Fates, Heroes]

5. Naruto

6. Bleach

7. Tokyo Ghoul

8. Shin Megami Tensei

9. Persona

10. Magic the Gathering

11. Yugioh [Main, and GX Mostly]

12. Angel Beats

[And others Faust can't think of at this moment]

*007*2018-08-30 18:58

{{3 hours ago, Night Rain said:

Question 1: i see, i can understand how things can get crazy there. But there are various things i like done in stories so I'm not planning to go overboard.

Question 2: You're familiar with a lot of series very nice, what's your knowledge on the Prisma Illya series in the fate universe?

If you'd like if it's not too much i'd like to go through with a commission?

}}

2. Faust knows of the Prisma Illya Series, and slightly of the characters in it. [Chloe, Illya, Miyu]. Faust has a rough idea, but not as much as others. Enough to work with. If you'd like to make a request, feel free to put in your request/Commission idea either here, or in private messaging.

*009*2018-08-30 19:05

{{2 hours ago, Night Rain said:

Ah, i see there i'll send you in idea through a pm later as i need to think of an idea.

}}

Faust can do additional research if needed: Faust wants to make sure that any of his customers are satisfied with their pieces, before Faust accepts payment.

So, take your time! No rush!

[Side note: Fate Grand Order is in the middle of the Prisma Illya event right now.]

*011*2018-08-30 19:34

{{3 hours ago, Night Rain said:

How familiar are you with the Neptuina series?

}}

Faust has played a decent portion of the games to know the plotlines, and the basic ideas of the characters.

Hence why Juuni is a prominent character..... Though, Faust knows Nep-Nep in canon is a bit more meta and different....

*014*2018-08-30 22:58

{{4 hours ago, Alex Oxford said:

Hola ??

I have a question about the personal fantasy. Does that means it’s going to be a meta story, where they know I’m watching? Or is it, like, I would be incorporated into the story? Idk it sounds awesome but I’m just not sure what it would look like ?

}}

It could certainly be a meta story, where they know you're watching..... Or, it could be something where they're aware something is being influenced, but going around.... It's really a case of what kind of thing you want to see, of course.

{{3 hours ago, Keita123 said:

Would you be fine writing about original settings and characters? I have an idea for that.

}}

So long as you are willing to provide Faust with adequate information, and or details about said setting/characters, Faust can do original stuff.

*016*2018-08-31 00:27

{{2 hours ago, Alex Oxford said:

Very cool! Well I’d definitely like to commission a story from you Faust! When could I message you the details?

}}

Feel free to message Faust at anytime!

Faust is working a bit on a commission at the moment, but feel free to message Faust, and he can iron out the details with you in no time!

*017*2018-08-31 13:39

{{4 hours ago, Jeffery Mewtamer said:

For Human-like characters, does the altered biology part extend to obvious external differences? For example, which of the following is acceptable:

Pointed elf/demon ears.

Cat ears/other animal ears.

Horns/antlers/other head adornment.

Abnormal number of eyes.

Wings sprouting from the back, be they Feathery(Bird/Angel wings), Bat/Demon-like, Insectoid/Fairy wings, or something more exotic?

Wing membranes under the arms.

Tails, be they mamalian, avian, reptilian, or demonic.

Forepaws instead of human hands or forelimbs that end in something intermediate between hands and paws?

Hindpaws instead of human feet, or legs with a backwards "knee" like many four-legged animals.

Obvious claws instead of finger/toenails.

Skin of an unnatural hue.

Skin partially/fully covered in fur, feathers, or scales.

Extra limbs.

Mermaids, Centaurs, and other half-human mythological creatures.

Sorry its such a long list, but I've got quite the interest in a variety of not quite human characters.

}}

Question about Disgaea: Faust is Reasonably informed about Disgaea 1 Through 4, and the spinoff series Phantom Brave.

Question about Futas: Faust does not know enough about Futas to be confident in writing them, but...Faust may be willing to try at some point.

Question about Non-Con: The main issue with Faust is nonconsensual Sex. Inciting accidents is okay, and some light teasing that leads to lewdity might be fine, but so long as there's not rape, Faust is okay with it.

Question about kinks:

Incest does not trouble Faust. [Hence the character Juuni]

Bondage, Faust is not troubled by, but does not have the most information on it growing up.

Lacatation: Faust is not very sure he could properly make a story involving it.

Things about Extra Parts:

Faust isn't too confident writing things that have non-human biology, in the sense of hind legs, Mermaids, and Centaurs, and the like. Faust is not too confident, but he can acclimate to details such as wings, extra wings, extra limbs, or possibly scales/fur...

Faust's expertise doesn't lie with prominently non-humans.

*018*2018-09-01 04:24

AuthorFaust: Faust is happy to say that his first commission of the thread has been properly finished, and paid for! So, with the permission of the Commissioner, Faust will now share it with those who may wish to read it!

[Story Notes: (Details about story to know)

Prominent Characters: Elise [Fire Emblem Fates], Nepgear [Hyperdimension Neptunia]

Tags/Incidents to Note: Piddle, Piddle Accident, Diaper, Naughty Winds.

Workshoppable Title: Nepgears Fateful Nohrian Adventures

###

"A..Awaaawawaaaa!"

She had done it...She'd really done it this time! Hurtling towards the ground at an incredible velocity....! Her sword had struck true, but the evil witch seemed to have had one last trick up her sleeve!

"Oh goodness... oh dear... Oh Gosh..!'

She couldn't help it...She was going to hit the ground!

'Gosh, I hope I don't hit my head like Neptune...' she thought to herself, trying to curl up her body before she would slam into the ground....Leaving behind a sizable crater.....

As the girl slowly leaned up from the ground, shakily...

"Owwie...."

She wasn't harmed too much from the insane fall, but she could feel that she certainly stood out.in....Wherever she had landed. The girl with long, purple hair that trailed down to her back reach down to dust off her giant white shirt that preserved her modesty and panties.....

Pink striped stockings trailed up her legs, with her own white shoes remarkably unworn by the dirt beneath her feet, as she visibly slumped over in dismay.

"Ohhh.. Ohh Goodness, I'm lost again, aren't I?" she pouted visibly, starting to look around. "We finished off that..that big meanie Arefoire, and...and then..."

It was a bit of a blur.... No doubt because of her dramatic fall, but she had no doubts that wherever she was, her sister would come to find her!

"Right.... Right..?" the purplette sounded....nervously. She chuckled a bit under her breath, and started to pace along, quietly. "W..well...I...I should look around anyways...To see where I am..."

Maybe she'd run into Uni, or maybe Rom or Ram.. Or even Vert at this point.... She wasn't exactly picky when it came to finding her friends....

'I really hope I find them soon..' she thought to herself quietly, tensing her legs up a bit.

With the adrenaline of battle starting to finally wear off, she could feel another feeling starting to make itself a bit known to her.....

A gnawing urge to tinkle...!

"W..well...Well, maybe if nobody comes around..." she quietly whimpered to herself, a faint pink flush appearing on her cheeks. The idea was....embarrassing... Far, far too embarrassing to consider, and certainly something her sister would tease her endlessly for......

But, in regards to the alternative..... No, no she couldn't even entertain that thought! Not now!

"If only I had something to tinker with.." she idly sounded to herself as she walked, glancing around. She didn't consider herself immensely talented, but when it came to using her hands, she was...at least remotely confident! But, unfortunately, the only thing she had on her was...

"My sword..." she thought to herself, glancing to her side. She never quite figured out how it always stuck to her side, but given that the portal hadn't parted her with it, she was probably going to need it.

She glanced around the dark, cloudy area that she had found herself in, and gave a quick, sharp sigh.

"It feels like it could start raining any minute..." she mentally noted, the cloudy...Almost oppressive atmosphere. This didn't look like Lastation, Lowee, or Leanbox.....And certainly not Planeptune!!

Nepgear kept pacing through the unknown, increasingly chilly environment with her legs tensed...And her eyes darting back and forth. It was dark...It was scary....And there were no monsters for her to fight to stave off the fear!

She could feel herself getting more and more nervous with every passing moment, more than just her own fear mounting......

"Nnn....Nnnnn.."

Nepgear bit her bottom lip as her thighs tensed up some more, the growing need inside of her swelling with the mixture of cold air, and nerves. She would need to find some way to relieve herself soon, before it was too late.....She had to find some kind of town, or building, or maybe even some kind of creek, or...or...

"Ha...Ha-Choo!" she suddenly sniffled, the sudden sneeze prompting a small bit of warmth down below. "Ah..Ahhh...ahhh.. Ohh Goodness..."

She had to get out of this cold... She had to....!

"Ah? Who's there?" an unfamiliar voice called out, prompting Nepgear to visibly flinch. It wasn't anyone she recognized, and it wasn't very far from where she was! Nepgear's hand held to her weapon's side, in case whomever it was was hostile....But....

"Ahh...Umm... H..H.Hello?" the purplette called out cautiously to the voice, inching closer. It was the first voice she had heard, but....

"Effie, Arthur...This way....." the voice called, as a light could be seen piercing through the dark, prompting a slight wince as Negpear's eyes adjusted.....And she saw it...

Another girl! It was certainly no one she'd ever seen, with long blonde twintails, and a bulky black dress.... No doubt to combat the nature of the realm she was in.... She held a staff defensively as a figure in heavy pink armor held up a lantern, the blonde girl pointing at her.

"Are you from Hoshido?" the blonde called, looking her over. "You don't..look like anyone from their army.."

"Milady, please... Exercise restraint. For you know what can happen among strangers in a....Awah..!" a booming voice called, seeming to belong to some man as his foot caught the ground...

And continued to slide along, going through the ground. Nepgear could only watch as the shadow of a man was carried along, stumbling into a river a ways away... And wailing out in dismay.

"How...unfortunate.." Nepgear could only mutter in regards to the man, as the blonde held her staff up again, looking up at her.

"Ah...! I just know I haven't seen you before!" the blonde called, hopping forth to look her over. With a closer look at the girl, Nepgear could see a bit of purple twirled into the girl's long twintails, various purples mixed in with her own black garments.... Maybe.. It was some kind of bad-future equivalent of Planeptune?

"My name's Elise! I'm one of the princesses of Nohr! Who are you?"

Nepgear was a bit taken aback, but she gave a small, comforting smile towards the girl, her hand easing to her side.

"Ahh... M..My name's Nepgear..." she answered, quietly. "I'm from ...Planeptune. I...erm...I fell out of the sky."

"Planeptune? Never heard of that..." the blonde, Elise called. "But...from the sky? Were you on a Pegasus, or a Wyvern?"

"Um..No....I was just..falling..."

"Really? Did you hurt your head? I can heal you, you know..." Elise mused, the staff she was holding starting to glow with a warming, rejuvenating sensation. Any lasting discomfort from her fall, and the lengthy walk towards..This Nohr place she'd stumbled into.....

Almost all of her energy was restored! Every bit...except for...

"N..Nnn... T..t..thank you..." Nepgear properly responded, as she shifted. "But...But...It was true. I..I was fighting this evil Witch named Arfoire. I delivered the finishing blow, but she opened this weird portal, and I fell through, and...and...Now I'm here..!"

Elise gave her a bit of an odd, disbelieving glance...But, lowering her staff, Nepgear could at least feel a bit more at ease.

"Well..You don't look Hoshidan to me.." Elise sounded, before smiling widely. "So.. good enough for me!"

Nepgear could breath a sigh of relief, but she still had a viciously pressing need that demanded answers....As the blonde turned her head, looking at the armored figure.

"Effie, could you go fetch Arthur out of the River?" she commanded, the armored figure nodding her head as she clunked off...Leaving her alone with Nepgear. "C'mon, we've got a little camp over this-a-way."

Nepgear welcomed the idea of more warmth, yet her own gnawing urge took away some of the positivity....Nepgear's legs crossing once more once the girl's back was turned.

"And here! I've brought plenty of food..You must be hungry...." Elise chimed to Nepgear, still smiling brightly as she held out a sandwich. "Go on then."

"U..U..Um...ac...actually..." the purple haired girl quietly pleaded. "C..could you...please...Um...S..show me where to...Ah?!"

A sudden GUST of wind suddenly tore through the girl's frame, prompting the blonde girl to press her black dress down....But for Nepgear's long, white shirt to flutter up, and expose her pink-striped panties to the blonde girl.....

Who gave a bit of a gasp....But then a small giggle, as Nepgear quickly shuffled to push her shirt back down.

"Gotta be careful, with all of these naughty winds." Elise mused to the purplette, whose face turned red as a beet, as she struggled to compose herself.

"Awawa.... Elise.... Is..Is there anywhere....Anywhere I can.." the purple haired girl stammered through her embarrassment and need, her hands running over the front of her dress in a telling posture.

"Ah? Hrmm....Not really a good place out here.." Elise mused, offhandedly...as she waved at the distance. "You're going to just want to find a place away from camp. Don't worry ,Effie's going to get Arthur out no problem, and my Sis is on a mission, so there shouldn't be anyone out here to see you."

Nepgear blushed deeply anew, but started to stagger away from the campgrounds....Careful to keep it in sight so she could easily find it again... As she shakily lowered her pink-striped panties.

"Uuu...Uuuuu..." Nepgear whimpered softly, inspecting the damp patch on her stripes for a few moments....As her lower lips slowly sputtered to liquid life...... "Haaaahhhn..."

A lovely, clear torrent of liquid immediately splashed onto the cold ground noisily, prompting the girl to visibly sag, shivering from the mixture of cold air meeting her most personal area, and the raw relief of her expelled piddle.....

"Ohhh... Ohhh..Ohhh.. I hope she can't hear me.." she sheepishly noted to herself, her mind racing with thoughts. Of the cold air across her sensitive place, of the people along with Elise... Of the extravagant garments she wore..... And of her sister.

'I hope Neptune is okay without me for a bit...' Nepgear idly worried as her stream started to taper off. 'She tends to...slack off a bit without me around...'

No..No.. She mustn't think that way! Why, she wouldn't be shocked if her sister came crashing down in the world after her, mere moments from now! ....Though, she sincerely hoped if she was to be surprised by that, she'd have time to at least preserve her modesty a little......

"Nnnn... All better..." she sounded to herself, glancing around for any falling figures from the sky, or surprise-sister-popping-out-of-the brush shenanigans, as she let herself dry a little bit from her relief... Then tugged her panties back up to her hips, and started back towards the warming, calming campfire.

"Don't worry. Wildlife's kind of scarce around these parts." Elise piped in, glancing over the purplette's worried, nervous gaze. "And, the Hoshidans can't get to us this deep in Nohrian Territory."

"Ho..shidans?" Nepgear sounded, glancing over in the distance.

"Mmm. You see, we're kind of at war with them.." Elise chirped, glancing across the dim, cold lands of Nohr. "They rule the eastern part of the continent we live on... In the area Ruled by the Dawn Dragon..."

"Dragon?" Nepgear sounded quietly as the blonde nodded again, looking out.

"Yeah. They say the Royals carry Dragon blood in their veins, gifted from two legendary Dragons. The Dawn Dragon, and the Dragon of Dusk. You can...probably guess which one Rules over Nohr.."

Nepgear gave a small nod, able to put two and two together quickly, as she looked out.

"Does it...always look like this?" She asked quietly...Somberly...Already missing the thriving cities she was used to.....

"Yeah.. Most of the time." Elise remarked gently, lightly lowering her head. "We have long winters, and short summers. Father says we have to take back the land from the Hoshidans, so we can properly thrive once again....Given the climate around here is..not nice to plants."

"Yeah...that makes sense..." Nepgear sounded again, as Elise lightly twirled her fingers.

"But ya'know....I can't help but wonder if there's some way that both nations could live in harmony!" she suddenly chirped, a bright smile crossing her lips. "I mean, they're people like us, ya'know? I wonder what the Hoshidan Royal Family is like.... Maybe there's a princess around my age over there too.... It'd be nice to be friends, don't you think?"

"Ah? W..Well, yeah... " Nepgear called, a bit off-guard from Elise's sudden tone shift, as she lightly pondered. True, Gameindustri had been in a war, but they had eventually made a peaceful solution of it.... With the Goddesses of the nations becoming friends, gaming buddies, and....

..

She idly flushed as she thought of one of the Goddesses in particular, who didn't have any siblings of her own...Starting to think if Neptune would forget about her, and turn into someone like...her.... Wait, she was missing something important!

"Wait...You're a princess!" Nepgear suddenly called out, wide eyed. "I..Is it really alright for someone like me to be just..kind of here with you? Wouldn't your father get mad? Or...."

"Oh Nepgear, you're such a worrywart." Elise brushed off her concerns, with a small giggle. "Of course it's alright. I'm just a princess, after all. I'm not next in line for the throne or anything. And, you're not a Hoshidan Solider aiming to kidnap me: You're a girl I met in the woods who needed help. Why wouldn't it be fine?"

Nepgear breathed a loud, audible sigh of relief... Before she once again put two and two together.

"Ah...Wait...You're not next..." Nepgear audibly calculated, before pointing again. "Do you have siblings?!"

"Ayep!" she mused, giggling at Nepgear's outlandish reactions. "I've got Leo, and Xander...They're my brothers.. There's Camilla, my big sister...and then there's Corrin..."

Nepgear lightly made a mental tab of this. Two brothers, a sister...and a Corrin? The girl idly wondered why the last one wasn't grouped as a brother or a sister, as the blonde held something out to Nepgear....Some kind of... Glass?

"Here! It's some tea I brought with me." Elise offered, kindly. "It should help you calm down. And warm up, too."

Nepgear paused.... Before hastily taking the drink, and starting to sip at it. True, she had been a bit nervous since her arrival in...Nohr, but, things weren't all bad.

She was near a campfire, with a Royal Princess of an important land. It'd likely be no problem to find a way to get into a portal to Gameindustri....

"So...Why don't you tell me where you're from, Nepgear?" Elise offhandedly asked, the purplette pausing from her drink, before giving a slight nod.

"Oh...Um.. .Sure thing, Princess Elise."

"Oh, don't be so formal! You can call me Elise." the girl mused quickly in retort, as Nepgear blushed again.

"R..Right. Sure thing...Elise." Nepgear flustered, as she started explaining herself, and where she was from. About the great world of Gamindustri... Divided into four different nations. Planeptune, Leanbox, Lastation, and Lowee. Each nation was governed over by a Goddess, who lived in their own place called a Basilicom. She talked about the various other CPUs in light detail, from the quiet, yet violent Blanc...to the complete Tsundere Noire...To the Older-sister, buxom type Vert... And even about her own older...Smaller sister, Neptune. Who was full of energy....! To do exactly none of what she was supposed to, only guided properly by Histoire.

"And...That's why I need to try to get back as soon as possible.." Nepgear started to finish, with a slight sigh. "When NepNep's by herself, she practically hibernates... Cocoons herself in her bedroll, and barely gets out of it to do anything but game, eat, and...."

Nepgear suddenly flinched at the last word before it could come out, feeling an all too familiar sensation that made her cross her legs. She...no way....

"Ah..?! B..But I just.." Nepgear incredulously called as she pressed her legs together, her hands buried in her shirt once more.

"Ah...? Nepgear, do you..." Elise started quietly, her eyes going wide with surprise for a bit, before another biting gust of wind blew through the area again, starting to lift Nepgear's shirt to show off her pink striped panties, but also....

"Ah....Ah?!!!"

Under Elise's dark, regal garments.... Was a bit of a bulky, padded, kind of puffy cloth sort of garment....With blue stars all scattered around the front of it. Nepgear could tell right away it wasn't underwear, even without the blonde girl's face flushing a bit at the display....Prompting a moment of silence between the two.

"Um...Ah..You..You saw that, didn't you?" Elise sheepishly stated, her gaze averting a bit.

"No..! I..i mean yes....Was....Was that a..." Nepgear stammered a mile a minute, wanting to confirm her suspicions, but not wanting to pry into it if the princess was too shy to comment on it, as Elise nodded.

"M..Mmmm.." Elise started, with a renewing flush. "S..see, I'm still kind of...getting used to the Royal life.... Having to sit in mock meetings, long lessons, and facing scary things.... And...I kinda sorta...maybe... don't have full control over my....my bladder..."

Nepgear's eyes went wide as she stared a bit at the girl, Elise looking to try to discern some reaction.. any emotion from the girl's gaze.

"I..It's...Sis says it's perfectly natural...And..And I just...Well, it's convenient, and. comfy, and..."

"Cute!" Nepgear found herself suddenly shouting, covering her mouth. "I..I erm..I.."

Elise was flustered by the sudden proclamation, as Nepgear's eyes shuffled around again.

"I..I mean...You can't really tell under the dress..." she started, sheepishly. "A..and...And it would save time for important meetings and such..And...And, I bet the dress even muffles the crinkling sounds, and...and.."

Elise's face flushed, but she gave a small smile at the purplette, her hands lightly moving to her dress.

"Do...Do you wanna look at it again?" Elise asked sweetly, stars in her eyes.. and lightly sheepish.. As Nepgear moved across the camp, and nodded.

"I..I'd love to.." she quietly admitted, moving over to get a better look at the girl's padded garment. There was no doubt... It was a diaper, with little blue stars scattered all over the front of it. Nepgear could see the material encompassing Elise's hips, the blonde's cute thighs lightly linking with each other as the girl's hands hovered over the material.

"Mmmmth.. Um.... Didn't you....need to pee again, Nepgear?" Elise quietly sounded at this, the purplette flinching.. and lightly doubling over a bit, one of her hands digging into her shirt again.

"i...I do....I don't know why..!" Nepgear Affirmed, wincing. "N..Normally, it takes a few hours before I have to go again after I pee...But....But.."

Suddenly, Nepgear gasped as she felt her hand growing warm......

But, not the one she was holding herself with.. But rather....

"M...Mmm... Better than me.." Elise sounded, with a flustered, sheepish smile. "I....I can barely keep it in after an hour or so. Even less if someone or something...touches..."

Nepgear realized all too late that her other hand had incidentally pressed on the girl's padded garment, which was growing in dampness as the stars started to fade...Elise shivering much like she did a few minutes ago.

"A..Awah...!! I'm sorry Princess Elise..!" Nepgear stammered, starting to fall back as she felt another bit of warmth.... coming from her own garments this time as she stumbled to the ground. "G..Gyah.... It's....It's gonna come out..."

"It's okay Nepgear..." Elise assured, with a warm smile. "They'll be able to clean you up and stuff back at the castle... If you're willing to go with me, of course.."

Nepgear blushed ever redder still, but as her hand continued feeling the spurting sprays of warmth, she could tell it was a losing battle of dignity....

And yet, as warmth sprayed past her pink panties, pooled under her perky posterior, and trickled into her matching pink striped stockings, it didn't seem like she was losing at all....

"Y..Yes... Yes of course.." Nepgear answered, suddenly out of breath from the little scene that had unfolded, as the blonde's smile shone brighter than any campfire. "I..I'd be honored to...to join you."

###

*024*2018-09-02 04:27

{{17 hours ago, wetdiaperlover said:

I can't send pms can i commission you? Are you familiar with Overwatch?

}}

Faust isn't incredibly familiar, but Faust knows of it, and some of the characters.

What did you have in mind?

*026*2018-09-02 19:03

{{16 hours ago, wetdiaperlover said:

I was hoping for a diapered desperation story involving DVA. If you need more info on DVA just watch this video https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=q7j2d6YCQbg

@@let me know if you need more or can do it with just this

}}

Faust could definitely write something for D.Va in a diaper. Faust would want to know any specifics you might have for it before he starts, but it wouldn't be too difficult...Once Faust gets through some of his list.

In the meantime, unrelated Fauxstus

