Percy’s test

Author: Alex62

*000*2020-02-07 21:34

Percy Jackson, 16, had a major Algebra test today. If it was any other subject Percy would feel better about it but Algebra was his worst subject. He woke up for the day and put on gray shorts and a t shirt with a hoodie. As he got ready he couldn’t help but to worry about his test. Before walking out the door to his bus stop he kissed his mom, Sally goodbye and grabbed a water from the fridge.

Once he got on the bus he found a seat to himself and sat down. Percy opened his water and took a big sip from it as it was a hot day. “Why did I wear this hoodie” Percy thought to himself. Closing his water he set it aside as he pulled out his Algebra book to study. As he studied he felt a tingle in his bladder as he needed to pee. Percy shook this thought away as he crossed his legs placing the book on his top knee and continued to study.

As the bus pulled into school Percy put his book away and uncrossed his legs. He stood up as another tingle in his bladder happened but he ignored it. He got off the bus and headed to his locker. Once at his locker his put his bag away but took his algebra book as it was his first class of the day. He was about to close his locker when he decided to take off his hoodie and just wear his t shirt. Once it was off he shoved it into his locker and closes it making his way to his class.

Percy got to class early as he found a seat in the back as he didn’t want to be near his teacher. Percy sat down and crossed his legs without thinking and took his book out again to study. “How can anyone understand this” he thought as he looked though his book. After a while the bell rang for class to begin as the teacher told them to put there books away. The teacher handed out the test and once he handed the last out he start on the rules. “You will have two hours to complete this test no bags allowed and if you need the bathroom hold it as no one can go” he announced “any questions?” He asked. No one said anything so he said “okay, you may begin”.

Percy uncrossed his legs as he looked at the test. Uncrossing his legs made him realize just how bad he needed to pee. Grabbing himself Percy thought “no worries surely I can hold it”. Starting on his test he focused on it and forgot about his need. He seemed to be doing okay for not knowing Algebra that well. Halfway though and an hour into the test he felt a wave of desperation hit him. He grabbed himself as he was in the back so not may could see him. “Why do I have to pee so bad” he thought as he realized in his worried morning he forgot to pee. Wishing he realized this earlier so he could have gone to the bathroom he crossed his legs again.

Percy tried to focus on his test but his cross legs only helped for so long. He uncrossed his legs as his bladder was bursting, he must have been at a 9/10. “I can’t pee myself” he thought “I’m Percy Jackson I’m 16 and the son of Poseidon”. Somehow he focused on his test again but after 10 minutes he felt a leak into his briefs. He quickly grabbed himself and whispered “shit” to himself. After he got it under control he moved his hand and was relived to see no wet spot on his gray shorts. “Of course I had to wear gray today so if I do wet myself it would be painfully obvious” he thought. He shook his head as realized what he thought no way was Percy Jackson gonna wet himself. But he wasn't 100% now.

Percy looked at the clock. 45 minutes left he couldn’t hold it that long be he had to. He completely forgot about the test and he was focusing fully on not peeing. He felt another leak as he crossed his legs so fast, he had to be at a 9.9/10 he thought. He uncrossed his legs slowly and to his horror he saw a wet spot on his shorts. “Fuck” Percy thought “If I don’t find a bathroom right now I’m gonna pee myself”. But he knew the teacher wouldn’t let him so he just crossed his legs and prayed class would end. But it didn’t and his wet briefs didn’t help.

He knew he wasn't going to make it. He uncrossed his legs and was about to give up when he quickly grabbed himself “no, I must try to make it”. But he was to late with his need at 10/10 he felt his bladder release and he could stop it. He didn’t know what to do as hot piss escaped him. He quickly stood up crossing his legs but pee just kept coming out. It soaked his briefs and shorts and ran down his legs pooling at his feet. Percy was modified as he stood there peeing himself. After what seemed like forever the stream died down and he finished peeing. His bladder now emptied. He fell to the floor in his own pee puddle crying. “How could he do this and with gray shorts so it’s painfully obvious” he thought as he cried.

I’m no artiest but I’m thinking about making art for this, Should I?

