Team Spirit

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2018-05-10 16:22

What better way to return to the scene then with a story. I hope I have not lost my touch and you all enjoy.

###

The whole school had been buzzing with excitement all day. Homecoming could not compare, the football game tonight was the biggest of the entire season. Kaitlynn, a senior and well established member of the school cheer squad, had to be the most excited of all to watch her school face off against their rivals. The head cheerleader had been working on the routine for weeks, and by now it came to every member of the squad as easily as breathing did. All during the school day Kaitlynn was filled with excess energy in anticipation of the game.

Kaitlynn had so much energy running through her at the end of the day that she decided it would be best to work out the nerves prior to by going for a run. So, she headed to the women’s locker room and went to her locker. She quickly changed into her gym clothes, grabbed and filled a water bottle, then made her way over to the track. She had sipped quite a bit of water on her way over so she refilled the water bottle once there and then set off to run a couple miles.

By the time she had finished she had successfully worked out her nerves and did not have long until she would need to be out on the field. She quickly chugged down the rest of her water bottle as she made her way back to the locker room, ducking inside in haste to avoid being late. She strips down to the nude, her entire body exposed to the locker room air as she showered. Someone cleared their throat behind her and she quickly spun around to see Hunter, school photographer, standing behind her. He quickly looks up and down her naked form. “What are you doing in the woman’s locker room!” Kaitlynn squeals. Hunter shook his head with a laugh. “This is the men’s locker room. I forgot my watch in here after taking it off for PE class,” Hunter explains and he holds up the watch in question. Kaitlynn’s face turns bright red. Hunter just shakes his head, retrieves a towel, and tosses it to her. “You may want to hurry. The game starts soon and you wouldn’t want to be late.”

“Thank you!” Kaitlynn tells him as she dries off, wraps herself in a towel, and swiftly leaves the men’s locker room before ducking into the correct one. She goes to her locker and pulls on her red cheer panties and short skirt before putting on a black push up bra and then the red cropped shirt brandishing her school’s initials. She double checks that her long, black hair is secured tightly into its ponytail, and fixes her bangs before finally putting on her socks and black tennis shoes and rushing out to the football field.

The first quarter sails by quickly. She and the rest of the members of the team spend the majority of the time standing with only occasional breaks to sit down when there is action on the field or the referee is deliberating on a particularly tough call. The rest of the time is spent stood up, bouncing around and trying to keep the crowd’s energy up. At some point, Kaitlynn noticed Hunter standing to the side taking photos of the game and occasionally grabbing photos of the enthusiastic cheer squad as well. She then grows nervous. She knows he had already had his camera with him when he spotted her in the locker room. Had he taken her photo before announcing his presence to her?

She suddenly became terrified of the possibility and so during the next lull in action she decided to approach him instead of sitting down. As she walked over she began to feel a pang in her bladder but she pushed it aside, it was not as if she could leave the field anyway. She walked up rob Hunter and opened her mouth to speak but before she could say a single word Hunter was cutting her off. “I didn’t take any photos of you while you were in the locker room. Just so you know.” Kaitlynn blushed at having made such a snap judgment. “Sorry” she mumbled. “Don’t worry about it. I guess it is a pretty fair question. Looks like you’re up though, better go back over to your squad and look pretty” he joked. Kaitlynn nodded happily, feeling so relieved that she had not needed to worry. But her worries were actually just beginning.

It was about halfway through the second quarter when Kaitlynn realized that her bladder was getting very full. Full enough for her to worry about. This was why she preferred basketball season. During basketball season they got to spend more time sitting and on break, and the nearest bathrooms were in the locker rooms connected to the gym so it was easy to sneak out for a quick pee break. On the football field you had to walk back to the school and then down several hallways before reaching a bathroom, which meant it took to long to try and sneak away during the game. Sure, for the spectators half time provided plenty of time for that, but the cheer squad has to do a routine at the end of half time to renew the crowd’s energy right before play restarts and the spectator induced lines would surely prevent Kaitlynn from returning in time for the performance.

So she could do nothing but pray her bladder held out until the end of the game, even though she could feel it continue to fill. As the end of the second quarter neared, Kaitlynn was growing incredibly desperate. She was not sure how long the game had been going on by that point but it felt as if it had been hours. She cursed the shortness of her skirt, for making her panties so visible. If she leaked almost every move would expose the wet spot to the crowd. Signs of her desperation were beginning to poke through, but everyone else was oblivious to her plight. Everyone, except Hunter.

Hunter had become fascinated with wetting recently, scanning through different sites and forums online. He marveled at the photos some people would submit, but had resigned himself to never having the opportunity to take such photos himself. But standing on the field, watching Kaitlynn silently struggle, he began to think his luck may have changed. He may have been school photographer but the camera was his own, and he had the perfect cover to take photos of Kaitlynn’s desperation since he was there’s no official school business to document the game for the school’s homepage. He decided that he would do his job yes, take photos of the football game he could barely understand, of the other cheerleaders. He would make sure he had amazing shots to present to the principal on Monday. But he would also make sure to get photos of poor, desperate Kaitlynn for his own enjoyment during the upcoming weekend. His Friday night had suddenly gotten a whole lot better.

Half time rolled around and the bleachers began to clear a bit as people left to grab food and drinks from the nearby concessions stand or to run to the bathroom. Kaitlynn stared at these people jealously, wishing she were them before finding herself a spot on the grass to sit. She assumed sitting would help but even still she squirmed. She didn’t know how she would last another minute, let alone the rest of the game. She already knew there was no way she could squat somewhere with so many people out on the field but she looked around for one anyway, squirming in place and fantasizing about finding a secluded bush to squat behind and let loose.

The image caused her to leak into her pants and she squealed in surprise before quickly grasping her crotch to prevent any more from leaking out. The other girls in the squad were all chatting and laughing with each other, oblivious to poor Kaitlynn’s desperate need as she jumped up and began to pace a bit, taking advantage of everyone else’s distraction to dance around a bit.

Of course Hunter was not distracted in the slightest. He had excitedly captured photos of her squirming, had been delighted to grab one of her pressing her hands to her crotch to avoid leaking further, and he now had a few photos of her dancing around. He was in heaven and prayed the show wouldn’t end. He saw Kaitlynn suddenly plop back down onto the grass and decided to move as close as he could without giving away his actions, wondering what her next plan of action was.

Kaitlynn had given up on the idea of making it through the whole game. Her entire bladder was on fire, but an idea had come to her mind. Some of the other girls had taken seats right by her and she was wary they would notice but she figured she could get away with it. So she carefully maneuvered her hands to underneath her and began to work her red panties down her thighs, exposing her womanhood to the grass beneath her. The other girls remained oblivious, even as Hunter’s eyes widened. It was hard to see and he certainly did not have the right angle to take a photo but he could tell. Yes he could tell what she was planning on doing.

Feeling mischievous, Hunter went over and leaned down next to her, whispering in her ear “You really have to go that bad?”. Kaitlynn’s face flushed red, looking up at Hunter in panic. He snickered and say directly across from her. “I would sit cross legged or else you will probably wet your skirt” he advised. Kaitlynn knew he was right but they also both knew this would give Hunter a great view of the show from his position. He raised one eyebrow at her before she bit her lip nervously and then took his advice. Hunter was in disbelief, openly staring at Kaitlynn’s quivering vagina as she blushed. Kaitlynn hesitated for a moment but then swallowed her pride and let go, her stream pouring out of her. She sighed in relief as she slowly emptied herself into the grass, Hunter staring at the beautiful sight in front of him.

What felt like only seconds later Hunter noticed something behind Kaitlynn and abruptly stood up, smirking at her. He then walked off back to where he’d have great shots of the field. Kaitlynn was about to question his sudden movement when she was surprised by the voice of one of her fellow cheerleaders. “Half time is over, time for our routine!” the girl enthusiastically told Kaitlynn before flouncing off. Kaitlynn panicked, cutting off her stream with great difficulty before pulling back up her panties. She prayed that her still wet urethra hadn’t left a wet spot on the panties as it would surely show. She though she would be able to relieve herself fully but having to stop prematurely had made her desperation worse. It was like her bladder had gotten to experience relief and now it demanded the whole thing. Kaitlynn wanted to cry even as she made her way to center field with the rest of the cheer quad to start the routine.

Hunter had never seen a better half time show. He took professional photos as he should but made sure to watch the struggling Kaitlynn. The routine had so many spins, splits, and high kicks he could only imagine how much pain she must have been in. He hoped she would have to run off field desperate so he could get another show like before.

Hunter knew the minute the dam broke. Kaitlynn’s eyes grew wide, freezing for just a moment in her choreography. The poor soul could do nothing but keep dancing but Hunter was in shock. From the sidelines it was hard to tell but when he zoomed in with his camera there was no mistaking the small rivulets that were starting to stream down her thighs. Soon those rivulets were pulses of occasional flooding and eventually the piss was just flowing freely out of her.

Poor thing soldiered on through the routine along with the rest of her squad but Hunter was in heaven. Shockingly enough many of the crowd remained oblivious but Hunter was getting amazing shot after amazing shot of Kaitlynn’s humiliation. The other cheerleaders of course knew, how could they not when it was happening right next to them, but they too maintained a professional facade. Kaitlynn’s stream ended before the routine, to her relief, but several of the moves still flashed her sodden panties to the unsuspecting crowd and Hunter’s immense pleasure.

Eventually the routine ended and, after a stern warning from the head cheerleader to be more careful of her bladder and several words of sympathy from the other girls, Kaitlynn trudged back to the sidelines. Once she got there Hunter walked over, leaning into her space again, and whispering into her ear “Now that I took photos of”

*002*2018-05-10 20:07

Glad to be back

*007*2018-05-11 17:10

{{11 hours ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

This is certainly exciting! It's a very visual story and you do a good job of describing the main character and her actions. The scene where Kaitlynn surprises herself by leaking is especially fun to picture in my mind! There are several other enjoyable scenes, and you handle the building-up tension well.

You should be more careful with tenses in the future. This story is mostly written in the past tense but many times it switches to the present. My other complaint would be the sudden ending. It feels to me like the aftermath of the accident should be a scene instead of a brief overview, and Kaitlynn doesn't act as concerned about Hunter's photos as I would expect her to be.

This is a fun read, and now I need to see what other stories you've written!

}}

Ah but remember Hunter was there to take photos, she had no way of knowing he was taking unprofessional ones that were expressly meant to expose her. Your criticism is super helpful though thank you! I will keep it in mind and hope you enjoy my other stories

*009*2018-05-29 16:35

{{On 5/24/2018 at 4:31 AM, 265lutab said:

I’m confused is the end missing?

}}

Ok not the first to question the abrupt ending so let me just share my thoughts on the matter.

For me personally the build up and wetting are the most exciting parts of the story and for a stand alone story I personally don’t see the need to go into a lot of detail as to what happened after. When writing a series, I go into more detail because I am setting up the next installment, but otherwise I think it’s very easy to move into something that rambles with no real purpose.

In this particular case, I knew I wanted to end on a short one liner so that’s why I chose to end the story after Hunter’s line. I didn’t feel the need to elaborate on the other cheerleaders’ exact responses because it felt odd to suddenly elaborate on these character that had been relatively unimportant throughout the rest of the story. I could have extended the dialogue past Hunter’s line into Kaitlynn’s response but with no follow up story intended I didn’t see any point to this conversation or any way to naturally bring it to a close.

All of that being said, now that those who thought the ending was too abrupt have heard my reasoning, it would be helpful if you could elaborate on what you would’ve expected and/or preferred to see in the ending. I want to learn and improve my writing so the feedback would be majorly appreciated.

