Should have said no to the Pre-Game Gatorade chug

Author: Alex62

*000*2020-05-30 21:05

Should have said no to the Pre-Game Gatorade chug

Jadian couldn’t sit still in his last class of the day, he couldn’t even focus on what the teacher was saying. He just turned 18 at the beginning of his senior year of High School, and played football all four years. The season is almost over and this game determines if they will make it to play in the state championships, or if tonight is going to be the last football game he plays in high school.

Jadian also couldn't sit still, his need to pee was getting more noticeable. He liked holding it in. He never actually wet himself purposely, as holding it in too long resulted in occasional accidents. He crosses his legs and tries again to focus on his math teacher.

While trying to focus, he heard the teacher mention something about the quadratic equation, when his friend tapped him on the shoulder ”Hey, good luck tonight, dude, it's almost game time”. Jadian smiled at this and said, ”thank you”. He was right, it was almost game time, as he wouldn't even have time to go home before the game as they had to drive two hours to get to the school they were playing at.

The bell rang to dismiss the class. The whole class all got up from their seats and rushed out of the door, eager to get home. As everyone rushed out of the room, the teacher yelled over everyone ”good luck to our football team tonight”! Jadian smiles quickly and continued to rush out. He has to hurry to the locker room so he can meet up with the coach and the rest of the team.

As Jadian makes his way to the locker room-he stops at the bathroom knowing that holding it for two more hours would be pushing it. He may enjoy holding his bladder, but he knew better than to hold it too long in public with no way to get to a bathroom and have an accident in front of his team.

Walking into the bathroom, he went into a stall and removed his shorts and underwear before relieving himself. After his bladder was empty he pulled his shorts and underwear up and exited the bathroom. Jadian bumped into his friend, Nico, who was on the football team, and they walked together talking to the locker room.

Once there, the other team members greeted them ”what's up Jadian, what's up Nico”. After they all were there everyone got ready for the two-hour bus ride to the opposing school. Everyone put on gym shorts and a t-shirt to travel in as no one wanted to travel in their football gear.

After everyone was changed to coach gathered them all up and gave them all a prep talk about tonight. Jadian just knew they had to win, nothing would make his senior year of high school better. The prep talk ended as everyone cheered and ran out to the bus.

Jadian got on the bus and took a seat by Nico. The bus had no A/C so it was going to be a very hot ride. Jadian finished his water bottle with in the first 20 minutes and dug into his bag to get another. ”Slow down dude, you don't want to pee yourself” Nico said with a grin as he playfully punches Jadian in the arm. Jadian hit Nico back and laughed, his friend was right he didn't want to pee himself but he wouldn't mind holding. Smiling to himself Jadian pulled out his phone.

Crossing his legs Jadian started a game on his phone and put in his earphones in listening to music. He took sips of his water every couple of minutes. About an hour and a half into the ride his need to pee returned, as he had a small bladder.

The bus pulled into the opposing school and let the team out by a locker room. The coach was the first to get up and yelled “let’s go, team” as he was the first one out followed by the rest of the team. They headed to the locker room to change into their gear.

Jadian’s bladder definitely had some pee in it now, but it wasn't bad at all so he decided to hold it till half-time. He put on his royal blue and gray football uniform; a gray football jersey with royal blue pants and of course a cup. The coach gave them one last prep talk before the team ran out to the field.

Jadian’s team had a tradition of each player chugging a thing of Gatorade before each game to make sure they stay hydrated. This was fun but that plus all the water he drinks during the game caused him to have a full bladder by half time. Ignoring this Jadian chugged his Gatorade with his team.

It was finally here, game time. Jadian and his team put on there royal blue and gray helmets and ran into the middle of the field to get in position for kick-off. Jadian felt his bladder filling up but ignored it as the game started.

The game was started and Jadian’s attention was fully on the game. He managed to intercept a few other the other team's ball. When it was his team who had the ball it was their time to score as much as possible. They scored to where Jadian couldn't keep track and he wouldn't dare look at the game board.

The game was going in Jadian’s favor except for one thing, he really had to pee, and he could no longer ignore it. He knew he was risking a lot by drinking water but he didn't have much of a choice. He played as best as he could until the coach told him to take a break and let another play.

Jadian ran to the sideline and took a big gulp of Gatorade and sat on the bench. Sitting made it harder to hold as he was not moving around. He put his legs close together and tried with all his might to hold it in. He tried to grab himself but his cup prevented him from doing so.

Nico ran over to get some water which was unfortunately by Jadian. ”What’s up” Nico said as he passed by Jadian. Jadian noted at Nico and gave him a high five. Hearing Nico’s water caused Jadian to leak. Feeling the leak Jadian put his legs together stopping the flow.

He had to pee so badly now he couldn't focus on anything else. He looked at the timer and saw they had 15 minutes left. Jadian gasped, there was no way he could hold it that long but he had to. He closed his eyes and tried his best to hold it.

After what seemed like ten minutes he looked back up and saw that to his horror they still had ten minutes till half-time. Jadian pushed his legs together as tight as he could and prayed he would make it. Another ten minutes passed and there was still five minutes left till half-time.

Jadian never had to pee this bad before in his life. He knew he should have said no to the pre-game Gatorade chug. He looked up at the clock three minutes left he could do this. Unfortunately, his bladder had enough and he lost the battle. He's pee flowed out of him soaking his pants and underwear. He tried to stop it by grabbing himself but his cup wouldn't allow that. He tried pushing his legs together but he kept peeing, he tried everything he could think of but nothing worked. Pee kept coming soaking Jadian.

His pee pooled underneath him on the bench he was sitting on and when the bench couldn't hold anymore the pee dropped onto the grass below. Jadian couldn't do much but sit there as he had an accident. After what seemed like hours he looked back up at the clock and saw one minute was left. Jadian then looked at his pants. Fortunately for him, his cup seemed to hold most of his pee from wetting his pants and the pee that did manage to wet his pants didn't show well as his pants were a dark royal blue.

The buzzer went off signaling it was now half-time. Jadian slowly got up from the bench and felt as pee escaped his cup and ran down his legs. He looked down at his pants and although he could clearly see a wet patch down to his gray socks he knew no else could, as they didn't know what to look for.

Jadian smiled as he knew his accident was found unnoticed and he smiled again when he saw the score and they were winning by 20 points. They ran to the locker room celebrating with victory at hand. Once in the locker room the coach cheered them on as they had a wonderful first half and going to have a wonderful second half and achieve victory.

”We are having a great game” Nico said as he came up to Jadian. Jadian smiled but was nervous as his peed pants went unnoticed so far but as Nico was close maybe he would see. Fortunately for Jadian, Nico didn’t notice and went to talk to the other teammates.

Jadian’s accident was remaining unnoticed as half-time came close to an end. The team ran back out as they wanted to make sure to be at the field when half-time ended.

As half-time ended the other team ran out to the field. Both times line up on the field as the game began once again. Jadian was glade that although he was in peed pants he was able to focus on the game once again.

Jadian’s team was doing wonderful. They prevented the other team from making most of the points and when it came to their turn to have the ball, points just added up. Nothing seemed to be able to stop them.

Jadian’s team has 38 points and the opposing team had 22, and with one quarter left Jadian could already taste victory.

“What a game this is” he thought “it determines if we play state championship or if it’s my last high school game and I peed myself and played in peed gear”. He laughed to himself as the fourth quarter began.

The fourth quarter was just like the rest of the game, Jadian’s team kicked ass. The score was 47-34 and with only seconds left there was no question Jadian’s team won and would be in the state championships. The team cheered as the buzzer buzzed signaling the game was over. Jadian’s team and their crowd went wild as they have won.

Jadian couldn’t believe it, his senior year just got even better. The only thing he would change about the game was his accident. As the team met back at the bus Jadian saw his parents looking for him. He went up to them and as they saw him his mom pulled him into a hug before he could reject it. She didn't care he was very sweaty, or at least that's what she thought was soaking his pants.

”Congrats on the win!” his parents said with excitement “We are so proud of you”

Jadian just smiled as his parents insisted on taking a picture. Jadian was kind of worried as he didn't know how his peed pants would show but he agreed to take it, as he wanted to act as normal as he could and saying no would be strange. Jadian put his hands in front of his pants in the picture hoping it would hide his accident. After the picture was taken Jadian looked at it and was relieved his hands hide most of his accident and the parts it didn't could pass as shadows.

Realizing he left his Gatorade bottle on the filed he ran out to get it. As he ran to get it Jadian noticed he had to pee again and with the all the Gatorade he had it was pretty bad.

A thought went through his head, his pants were already wet with pee so why not just pee? Jadian couldn't believe what he was thinking but he decided his pants were cold and itchy, so maybe more hot pee would help and it would be much easier just to pee now than to have to take all his gear off. Jadian took in a deep breath and closed his eyes as he released his bladder. Imminently hot piss rewet his now cold pants turning them wet and got again. Pee ran down his legs and pooled in the grass at his feet.

He finally finished peeing his pants for the second time within two hours and ran off to catch up with his team. He couldn't believe he had a full pee accident and purposely peed his pants all in the same night, and very close together. The team change and Jadian made sure to take a good shower and change in the shower before he got on the bus with his teammates to head home. Jadian took a seat to himself in the back as he put his earphones in, to listen to music, and closed his eyes, smiling to himself.

*005*2022-07-22 23:43

{{4 minutes ago, eucoloco said:

Rereading it as this story totally rocks for rare well fone male desp

}}

Thank you so much!!!

