Lori at Her Limit - The Loud House

Author: af447

*000*2017-01-02 23:04

[Lincoln is in a room, with nobody else but Lori. Suddenly, Lincoln gets horny as fuck and tries to kidnap Lori.]

Lincoln: I’m taking you to the basement with me.

Lori: What?

[Lincoln summons a rope, chain, and handcuffs out of the air. He then ties up Lori and picks her up.]

Lincoln: I’ve got you now! [winks, gets an evil-looking grin]

[Lincoln carries a screaming and crying Lori down into the basement. He summons some kind of liquid and forces Lori to drink it. Lori passes out.] [“Some time later..” time card] [Lori wakes up. She is tied to a grey brick wall, while Lincoln looks on with a smirk. Lincoln is holding a large pitcher of liquid. Lori has a visibly protruding bladder. Lincoln has a noticeable erection.]

Lori: Where am I- oh dear GOD, I need to pee. [Lori gets a look of extreme concern and desperation on her face]

[Lincoln gets visibly aroused and smiles widely.] Lincoln: Hehe, that’s right. It really hurts, doesn’t it?

Lori: gulps Y-yes it does… can I be let go now?

Lincoln: Nope.

Lori: Please let me go, you don't understand how much this hurts!

Lincoln: I have something that’ll make it all better. [Lincoln puts a cork in Lori, preventing her pee from getting out.]

Lincoln: See? Now you don’t have to worry about wetting.

Lori: NO! PLEASE STOP! THIS IS NOT FAIR! I AM IN EXCRUCIATING PAIN JUST LET ME GO!

Lincoln: How does it feel, to have such a full bladder…

Lori: AWFUL! I REALLY WANNA PEE

Lincoln: Heh heh.. Really? For me, it feels great.

[Lincoln strips naked, revealing his massive erection and huge bulge from his bladder. Lori is horrified.]

Lori: So you have to go too?

Lincoln: Have to? Any normal person would rather die than carry the amount of piss I am right now. And that’s the amount you’re carrying, too..

Lori: CAN YOU JUST LET ME GO I CAN’T TAKE THIS

Lincoln: No, I want to watch the show for a bit longer.

[Lincoln starts pushing on Lori’s bladder, causing her to cry and scream in pain and desperation. Lori wants nothing more than to release her bladder, but she can’t.]

Lincoln: Now, here’s another challenge for you.

[Lincoln grabs a huge tap, and turns it on. Water fills the room, right in front of both of them, who are both so desperate they are in tears. Even Lincoln is crying from the pressure and desperation. The water causes Lori to spurt hot piss and cry, while Lincoln just sits down, with crossed legs, clearly shaking and in great agony.]

Lincoln: Now, I have one last test. If you pass, I’ll let you go, in both ways. If you fail, I WILL KILL YOU.

Lori: (screams)

Lincoln: I have to go just as much as you do. I can’t take this anymore, even for me. Which is why..

[Lincoln takes out the cork.] [Lincoln wets himself, screaming in joy at the relief and getting piss all over the floor. He does this right in front of Lori, who is beyond emotions at this point. Lincoln then faps to Lori’s desperate squirms, screams, and spurts of hot piss, which Lori kept letting out and moaning in relief and pain every time she did. Lincoln cums all over the floor in front of Lori.]

[Lori manages to watch the whole thing without wetting, albeit in tears and serious, eye-bursting pain.]

Lincoln: Congrats, you passed the test. You look so good desperate.. Now, to send you back to your home universe, on the condition that I can watch you struggle and wet.

Lori: ANYTHING IF IT MEANS EMPTYING MY BLADDER!

[Lincoln brings Lori back upstairs.]

"Luna, can you hurry up in there?"

Lori wailed in desperation as Luna was in the bathroom, and thanks to Lincoln’s sick torture Lori’s bladder was beyond full.

Luna'd been bursting and was taking quite a while. The sound of Luna's stream of piss and moans of relief just made it even worse, to the point where Lori was crying in pain from her full bladder. Luna was teasing Lori as she pissed. She loved to see and hear Lori desperate, and loved being desperate herself.

Something about that feeling of having a full bladder and losing all control just really got to her. As Luna was basking in the sweet relief of emptying her bladder, she kept mocking Lori who was outside in pain, clutching her crotch with agony.

Lori eventually could take it no more and in tears of desperation pissed all over the floor. The relief was so immense Lori passed out for a second for just how good it felt. Lori felt free again, not bound by her bladder. Lori felt embarrassed and watched as Luna walked out of the bathroom, grinning oddly as she saw relieved Lori covered in her own piss.

