The School Grad Trip

Author: Alex62

*000*2021-05-27 01:00

Sam had a month left of being senior in high school and was very excited to see what life will bring him. Sam was already a very popular kid and being the captain of the school’s soccer team help out his popularity a lot.

Sam was a great soccer player and always won match’s he played in. He mastered many things and tricks he was proud of but what he was most proud of was the fact he had an “Iron bladder” and never had to stop to pee during games unlike his other teammates.

To celebrate the end of the year Sam’s whole year class was going to a Theme Park for an end of the year trip, to have one last school trip before adult life starts. The trip will be a 2 hour drive there and back and they will be at the park all day.

Sam was sitting on the school bus next to his best friend, Jake, who was also on the soccer team. While both of them could drive they decided to ride on the bus with there friends and senior class.

Sam was wearing some sky blue soccer shorts, white Hanes briefs, and a black t shirt with a black hoodie. Jake had on the same sky blue soccer shorts, red CK briefs, and a grey shirt.

About an hour and a half into the ride Sam noticed Jake started to squirm in his seat. Sam wondered if Jake had to pee which was soon answered as Jake crossed his legs and whispered to Sam “I really have to pee here, how do you never have to pee dude!?” Sam chuckled “I have an Iron bladder!” Jake uncrossed his legs and crossed them the opposite way “you mean you wear diapers” Jake said with a grin.

Once at the park Jake hurried off the bus and to the bathroom leaving Sam alone waiting outside. Sam considered going just to be safe but as he went at home before leaving he didn’t have to go at all, thanks to his iron bladder. So Sam just sat on a bench outside and waited, while talking to other friends who walked by.

Finally Jake came out “that was the best pee ever! Sure you don’t have to go?” Sam stood up “I’m all good, super bladder remember” Jake rolled his eyes as they walked into the park.

The day was cool but not to cold. Both boys still drinked plenty of water and soda to stay hydrated(an important part of sports). While Jake stooped to pee plenty of time Sam never stopped. Jake even almost had an accident but he barley made it, except for a few leaks which wet his red CK briefs.

Once noon hit the boys decided to find a place to eat. They walked around a little bit and finally found a burger place. Both boys got a bacon cheeseburger with fries and a large soda.

While eating Jake had to cross his legs again as the need to pee was there once again and of course Sam seemed fine. Jake knew this was not Sam’s fault and he was just born this way but Jake still couldn’t help but to get pissed off. Sam never had to pee not even during soccer games which is why he was probably captain. Jake knew that was stupid to think and he was captain because of his leadership and soccer skills but Jake couldn’t help but to think it.

After lunch Jake went to the bathroom again and Sam waited outside. After Jake returned they both went on more rides. Sam started to feel his bladder get full but he ignored it as he could hold hours longer as this was just the first sign.

They continued their day. riding as many rides as possible and drinking plenty to stay hydrated. Which slowly started to fill Sam’s bladder. But Sam stayed calm and held as he knew he could. Meanwhile Jake started to stop at every bathroom along the way to avoid any close call like from earlier from ever happening again.

Jake was really starting to wonder if Sam would use the bathroom at all at the park. He know Sam did go as he saw Sam use the bathrooms before but how couldn’t he. The thought of Sam having an accident or being on a close call like he was earlier crossed Jake’s mind but Jake quickly dismissed it, no way Sam would let his pride get the better of him, would he?

At around 5:00 Sam and Jake took a break. They sat on a nearby bench and discussed there plan for the night. They decided on doing one more ride then going to eat at the same burger place as earlier. “Let me use the bathroom again real quick” said Jake as he stood “you haven’t gone all day want to go now?” Jake asked Sam. Sam thought of it as he did need to go but decided to hold onto his pride and wait till dinner. “Nah I’m good, go ahead, I’ll wait here”. Jake rolled his eyes but hurried off. Sam sat with his legs crossed right over left and waited.

Jake entered a nearby bathroom, peed, and washed his hands. He then hurried back to Sam. As Jake approached Sam he saw Sam’s legs crossed and smiled to himself. “Was this a sigh Sam was starting to need to pee and was human after all?!” Jake thought. He walked up to Sam and said “come on”. Sam got up and felt his bladder, he had to pee more then he thought. Sam thought of telling Jake he would be right back but his pride was to strong and no way would he admit he needed to pee after saying he didn’t.

They went off to the ride, a big rollercoaster, and got in line. The line was shorter then the boys imagined it would be but waiting in line proves hard on Sam. Even though Sam tried to hide his desperation it was obvious to Jake but other probably couldn’t tell. The only reason Jake could tell was because he knew Sam. Jake smiled as he watched his best friend obviously desperate to pee.

Finally they got to the ride and took their seats. To Sam’s horror the seat leg rest prevented him from crossing his legs and keeping his legs close together. Sam had to separate his legs which made his need worse and he couldn’t hold himself without Jake seeing. “No worries” Sam thought “I can hold it”.

The ride took off and slowly started to climb a hill. About a third of the way up they heard a cling and the ride suddenly stopped. Everyone looked around in confusing until an announcement was made “sorry, but the ride broke down. We are working on it but it may take a while so get comfy.”

Sam’s eyes went big and face went pale as he wasn’t sure how much longer he could hold it. Jake notice “it’s okay, Sam”. San nodded his head and knew he would make it, he had to.

Sam was totally focused on holding his pee he didn’t notice a half hour go by. “How you holding up?” Jake asked Sam. Sam said “f…fine” but as he did felt the first leak. Sam panicked a shot a hand to his crotch. Jake saw this and smiled “looks like you don’t have an iron bladder at all”.

“It’s not funny dude I’m about to pee myself” Jake knew this was true but didn’t care “nothing I can do there, buddy”. Sam gasped as another leak came out soaking his white Hanes briefs.

Jake was glad to see his best friend have to pee more then him but started to fell the need. Jake though “Sam was in far a worse situation then this” so relaxed and closes his eyes for a few minutes.

Jake was rudely shook by Sam “I’m about to explode!” Jake looked at Sam and the seriousness of the situation finally hit him but it was to late. A loud hiss filled the air as Sam’s bladder won the fight. Sam went pale as his white Hanes briefs and sky blue soccer shorts became soaked with pee. Pee quickly filled Sam’s seat and soaked his butt. Pee dripped from his seat and onto his legs and shoes.

Wetting his white socks as well as his white shoes. Pee also filled his shoes soaking his white socks even more.

A wholes day worth of pee emptied into Sam’s shorts. Sam couldn’t believe it. “Not here, not at 19” Sam thought. But pee kept pouring out of his body effortlessly. By the time Sam finished peeing his shorts were completely soaked.

Sam had to finish the ride in soaked shorts as well as sitting in his own pee. As soon as he finished the ride he jumped off and made a mad dash to the bathroom. Jake slowly followed him after apologizing for the mess to the ride attendants.

Sam hurried into the handicapped stall and looked at the damage. Sam began to cry and heard a knock. It was Jake. “Sam you okay? Let me in.” Sam shouted “go away” but Jake stayed. “Sam your my best friend I’m staying so please let me it”. Sam finally agreed and let Jake in.

Jake helped Sam clean up to the best he could and had Sam tie his hoodie around his shorts. Jake then lead Sam out “where are we going, Jake?”

“To first aid, they might have something to help”.

“Let’s eat first I’m starving Jake looked at Sam and laughed “okay”.

*002*2021-05-27 11:27

{{5 hours ago, kilianj74 said:

Great start and I like how sweet Jake is to Sam. Jake seems to need to go quite a lot so I'm guessing he may not stay the whole trip either

}}

Thank you! I enjoyed writing it. Jake is super sweet in my head and who know what might happen to Jake but as they both took the bus their trapped there.

*004*2021-05-27 15:17

{{1 hour ago, kilianj74 said:

Sorry I missed a key word out! I meant to say that Jake needs to go pee quite a lot so he may not stay dry the whole trip. I wasn't implying he would leave Sam behind or something would happen to him!

}}

It’s okay. Jakes briefs are already wet so he might get even wetter soon.

*006*2021-05-27 18:06

{{1 minute ago, RandomWetName said:

Nice story! Will you do a part 2?

}}

Thanks so much! And it looks like a part 2 is wanted.

*008*2021-06-23 19:46

{{On 5/27/2021 at 2:40 PM, kilianj74 said:

Definitely!

}}

{{On 5/27/2021 at 2:05 PM, RandomWetName said:

Nice story! Will you do a part 2?

}}

Part 2 is finally here!!

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/68698-the-school-grad-trip-part-2/?do=embed"

