Technology is Wonderful

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2019-07-21 16:52

Faust apologizes for prolonged delays to his stories and stuff. Life's been.. Tough lately, but hopefully, Faust is behind the worst of it! So, as a tiny little way of saying Thanks, Faust has prepared a story for you all! Faust hopes his writing hasn't deteriorated too bad over the past few.... Well, the past while.

Faust hopes you enjoy.

==========

It was a bright, sunny, and warm day. Too warm, even, as the rays of the sun bore down on any unfortunate passersby, or anyone in untimely transit.

"Uuughhh......This global warming is bullshit..." an annoyed voice groaned out....Belonging to a petite girl, with dark red hair, a button-up white shirt, and a knee-length, bright blue skirt.

"It's not like...You...have to walk in it." another voice called, belonging to a taller...Much more curvaceous girl with violet hair, and an identical outfit to the smaller girl. "You and your...ghost...Like-ness...Meta.."

"Shared...Sensations...." the red haired girl, Meta, reminded. "I know it feels like forever, but try to remember, you big-boobed....Forgetful girl."

"Nnn......" the buxom girl groaned, glancing up. "Ah..We're almost there Meta! Just hang in there!"

"Oh thank God.." Meta groaned, standing upright. "C'mon Bouncy! Get the T&A in gear already! Sooner we're out of this heat, the better!"

"I'm going, I'm going.." the purple haired girl mumbled, starting to pick up the pace as an arm wiped the sweat from her forehead. "He'd better not be opening late today.."

The girl staggered her way to the door of a quaint little store in the middle of town, and hurriedly pushed at the glass door.

Rrrring...Rrriing...

The ringing of a bell, and the rush of cool air quickly washed over the two girls...As Bouncy shivered a bit, and Meta sighed.

"Ohhhhh, thank fuck.." she groaned out softly, wiping her own brow as she seemed to just bask in the feeling.

"Ah, Morning Bouncy." a voice called across the store, belonging to the shop owner. An older boy, with a medical patch over one eye, mussy brown hair, and a gentle smile. "Hot enough for ya out there?"

"Way, waaaaaay too hot, Keep." Bouncy answered, pulling on her light, button-up shirt that had started to mat to her sweaty body. "Why does summer have to be so... Summer-y?"

"Ahaha....I don't control the weather, sorry." Keep responded, as the girl soaked in the cool, conditioned air of the store. "Glad you came though, I got something to show ya."

Bouncy turned her head at this, seeing the various tables that made up the playing area of his store....Seeing him fussing with a desktop computer.

"Ah?" she sounded, pacing over to Keep's side, as Meta moved to the counter to look at cards. Keep seemed to type and click away at it, before pulling back, and gesturing at the screen.

[Magic the Gathering: Arena]

"It's a digital version of the card game." he mused, turning and gesturing at the monitor. "I didn't know how savvy with tech you were, but I figured I could set you up a profile on it, and you could give it a try."

"Ooooh..." the girl cooed, leaning in to ogle the screen......

As the older boy started to avert his own gaze from ogling something else.

"You're showing." Meta mused, thankfully unheard by the boy... But, prompting Bouncy to lightly flush as she glanced down at her shirt. Though she was wearing a simple white bra beneath, one could easily make out the outline of it through her sweat-soaked shirt...As the small red haired girl's own attire mirrored hers...Albeit, with her much less generous figure.

"So, I can play with this?" Bouncy called back over her shoulder, as Keep nodded.

"Yeah, go ahead." he started, having decided to busy himself with something else. "Just uh..lemme know if you need any help, or anythin' at all, really.."

The violet haired girl smiled, as Meta glanced longingly at a small mini-fridge near the counter. She'd never admit it, but.....

"Weellllll.." she called, a small smile forming on her face as she slid her hands to her side. "Ass you could imagine, I'm Super thirsty after coming up here..."

Hands gripped the side of her bright-blue skirt, and casually flipped it up over her hips...Exposing for a few solid moments some white cotton, blue striped panties under it.

"A..Ah, sure! Sure, I'd love to." Keep responded in a flustered tone. "Tea? Juice? Soda?"

"Surprise me~" the girl mused, swaying her hips back and forth a little, before moving along to the chair, letting her skirt flutter back down, and plopping down in the chair. "Oh wow, you made my deck and everything.."

"Yeah....Or, at least what i could muster." Keep responded, setting a bottle of juice on the table next to her. "It's a bit obsessed with standard stuff, but I made an approximation. It should work fine."

She didn't have her signature Avacyn, but there were plenty of other good creatures... And a wipe..and other slowing spells.....

"You're the best, Keep!" Bouncy mused with a smile, leaning over in her chair to catch him with a hug on the escape, squeezing her body into him.

"Annnnnnnnd....Liftoff." Meta commented, with a snicker. "Poor guy must be so blue with all you put him though, ya'know?"

Bouncy elected not to answer that, as she slowly let go of Keep, and turned her attention back to the computer, navigating the Menu.

"Could make a deck for you too, Meta.." Bouncy called, uncapping the juice as she took a big swig of it, the cool, refreshing taste of cherry filling her mouth, and helping to slake her thirst.

"It's not like I'm into playing on a computer or anything.." Meta grumbled, averting her gaze as the girl clicked on 'Play Game', as the screens changed and she...

Began a game with...some random person.

The cards were lovely reproductions on the computer, and the board was quite neat and tidy as Bouncy began playing. There wasn't a chatting feature in the game, only a few emotes, but she could get a few little tells out of some people.

'Hello!'

"Ah, Hello to you too!" the girl mused to the screen, clicking about to find her way to respond. People were playing cards she'd never seen before, and she'd seen icons of various figures she'd recognized as Planeswalkers.. Important characters in the Lore, Keep had told her... And, through several games, drinks, and pauses, she was starting to get the hang of it.

The game optimized a lot of things, like counters and stuff.... but, it also had an unexpected regiment on others. She'd found herself on the wrong end of a time-out upon not realizing she had to pass an action over.... But, it wasn't anything too crucial, or damning...

"Easier in some ways.... Tougher in others.." she noted to herself, as she went to take another drink, but found her bottle was empty. She glanced over at it, and back at Keep, who was storing some things on a shelf.

"Hey, could you grab me another drink, Keep?" Bouncy called out, not wanting to leave her chair. The mussy shopkeeper turned around at this, nodding.

"Ah, sure!" he sounded, moving to the fridge as he procured another bottle. "Should I put it on your tab?"

The violet haired girl paused for a few moments, lightly tugging on her slowly drying shirt.....As the red haired girl moved beside her.

"Don't slut it up too much." Meta started, now actively peeking over her shoulder. "Scarcity value. Make him really pay for it."

"Yeah, tab me, Keep." she answered, another bottle of beverage being set beside her... As Meta leaned to the other side.

"So, how's this bullshit work?" the red haired girl quickly quipped... Prompting a raised eyebrow from Bouncy, as she grinned.

"You want to play some too, Meta?" she teased, the red haired girl frowning a bit.

"Shut it, I can appreciate things too." she grumbled. "You were the one saying it could make a deck for me..."

Bouncy chuckled, navigating the menus to find a deck building section..Where she found a relatively organized setup. She hadn't quite built one on her own yet, but the way the red haired girl was directing and pointing at cards on the monitor over her shoulder... Bouncy felt she had nothing to worry about.

"And that. We'll need something big to drop down, and finish people off with."

"Yeah yeah.." she started, taking another swig of her drink... Clicking away, as the game set up their lands neatly... And she had the chance to give Meta a chance to play.

Meta kept leaning over her shoulder, pointing at the screen, and shouting instructions at her.

"Oh! Bounce that! Flash that in! Hold back, it's a trap!"

Bouncy chuckled to herself at Meta's melting facade of excitement. For someone who scoffed at it before, she was getting quite invested now.... As another [Win] appeared on the screen, just as she finished off her second drink.

"Alright, C'mon, gimme something harder!" Meta called, puffing out her petite chest. "I'll take anything you can throw at me."

Bouncy snickered, prompting Meta to give her a sideways glance... As she shook her head.

"Phrasing.." She sounded quietly, as the ringing of the store bell started to ring... Signalling the arrival of others. Bouncy turned slightly, seeing a few familiar faces walking in.

"Ah, on the computer?"

"Yooo, has Magic gone Digital?"

"It has been, Shijima..."

"Well, for real, you know?" the boy's voice snapped back defensively, as Keep turned.

"Are you done playing on the computer?" Keep asked Bouncy, who went to stand up, and make way.... But, Meta tapped at her shoulder.

"Bouncy! Event! Double Elimination! GoGoGo!"

"Ah... one more thing, and I'll be good." The girl quickly excused, clicking on what Meta directed at her. You chose a deck, and played until you had two losses. Maximum of Five wins, before it was done.....

Though, as she selected Meta's deck, a familiar sensation started inside of her...

Pang....

"Mmmn..." she sounded, pressing her legs together as she glanced over at the bathroom a few feet away. It wasn't...pressing, but those drinks were making their way through her system finally....As Meta nudged at her.

"C'mon C'mon C'mon, Let's go! You can wait a little bit!" Meta insisted, prompting Bouncy to click the start.... And for the games to begin.

Things weren't off to a good foot, as the person playing against them either had a bad connection, or was immensely spiteful.... Prompting delay, after delay, after delay, after delay....

Clicking just before they'd get timed out... Prolonging a hopeless situation...and, worst of all...

"I'm getting mana-flooded here! Stop dragging it out, you piece of shit!" Meta groaned, Bouncy thankful that no one could hear her... But, quietly pressing her legs together tighter, as the game drug on..and on...and on....

Before finally, they lost.

"Agh.. I'm so...So..pissed off!" Meta snapped, stamping her foot, and scowling.... As she pointed back at the screen. "C'mon, let's try to not get flooded this game.."

Bouncy clicked quietly, ignoring the slowly growing need in her lower belly, not helped by something she seemed to only notice now..

Every time they played an island... There was a sloshing, watery sound, like a wave splashing....

'Stupid..Technology...'

Luckily, the second game went much smoother, the opponent unable to withstand Meta's constant assaults.....Which lead to..

"Alright! Let's goooooo!" Meta cheered, grinning ear to ear. "C'mon, let's go crush the next one too!"

Bouncy quietly smiled and nodded... Clicking as she pressed her legs together a bit tighter, as she was aware of a presence over her other shoulder.

"Here. This one's on me too." Keep's voice called, setting another bottle on her counter, as Bouncy took the bottle gently.

"Ahhh... .Thank you.." she responded politely, feeling a bit thirsty again... But also shifting a bit in her seat. It wasn't the best idea, but it was just four more games, tops....

The third game went rather well, watching her opponent fail to play any lands... Which meant an easy takeover, as Meta breathed a loud sigh of relief.

"Phew....Nice to see it does happen on the other end sometimes." Meta noted lightly, Bouncy giving a small nod as she took a gentle sip of her drink.... Glancing over at the red haired girl....

Though the girl was incredibly excited to be winning, Bouncy could see the girl's knees slowly starting to knock together.... One of her hands clenching into a fist.

"Should we...?" Bouncy started, prompting Meta to shake her head wildly.

"N..No way! We're on a winning streak! Don't give up now!" she exclaimed, pointing with her other hand. "Keep going..!"

Bouncy reluctantly clicked the screen again, starting another game... Filled with watery sloshes of land... And a....lightly prolonged game....

"Nnn..Don't have anything... Don't have anything... don't have anything..."

It was a close game.... If they'd lost, she'd be free to go pee already...But, if the other person didn't have anything...

"He conceded, Yeah! Three in a row!"

Bouncy gave a forced smile, crossing one leg over another, as Meta pressed her legs together tightly, pointing....

"A..Another.. C'mon, Two more! We can do this..!"

The next game was another prolonged one... The opponent playing a hefty combo deck, filled with elemental beings. Worse still, they were using blue as well, so Bouncy had to endure a near constant stream of watery noises.... prompting the girl to go from crossing her legs, to full blown squirming and shifting in her seat....

Meta herself resting one of her hands against her skirt.... Shakily passing over instructions....As the game seemed to go back and forth... back, and forth.. back... and...forth...

"Nnnnnghhhhh....! We're so close...!" Meta groaned, as the game went on... and on.. and on...before...

"Yes! Lethal! Thank fuck..." Meta groaned, starting to openly squirm and wiggle herself, hands buried in her skirt. Bouncy glanced longingly at the bathroom, a hand resting on the desk to push herself up for the last game....

"No!...Nonono...Don't... Quit now..!" Meta snapped sharply, the girl quickly sitting down at the smaller girl's insistence. "It's one more game... We can handle it..."

Bouncy gave a soft whimper, but clicked the screen.... Locking them in for one last game before her promised relief....

....

"Gah... I hate goblins.." Meta groaned, watching the screen as the opponent played mountains.

"Is...Is it a slow deck?" Bouncy asked, her opposite hand now pressed into her skirt, as her legs tightened.

"No... Fast.... Very Fast..." Meta groaned, shifting back and forth, bouncing on her heels. "I'm not usually good against fast ones....But..."

They had been blessed with a decently fast hand, even if every Island she played made her urges that much worse...The watery, sloshing, waves, feeling as if they were crashing right into her bladder....

It was close... There was a lot of struggle... And, Bouncy watched their life total dip low..As they came to what they hoped would be the final turn...

"I-I-If he doesn't have anything.....!" Meta groaned, wincing slightly as Bouncy's legs jittered, and hopped... Her hands applying pressure to her own personal faucet... As they waited... and waited... and waited....

If the other person had something, they'd lose.... But, if they didn't, she would get to attack for Lethal, and win the fifth game..!

Every second the opponent stalled felt like more prominent agony.....As they waited tensely for moments....Moments... minutes....

"C..C'mon, C'mon..! if you got it, play it..!" Meta groaned..... As they waited for the timer to finally appear.......

"Ah..! H-He Doesn't h-h-have anything..!" Bouncy called, watching as the timer went down, and it passed over to her, meaning they were finally going to be free!

A pair of clicks.. a last brutal attack... And, the animation just had to play out..!

...

The ringing of the bell could be heard, as Bouncy's head turned, the game resolving on the screen as she saw a girl with curly, fluffy black hair stormed in, with a pale face... And clutching her stomach.

"B..Bathroom.....!" the girl begged, sweat dripping down her face. "M...Milkshake.... Lactose-intolerant...Please..!"

Keep pointed to the bathroom that Bouncy had been eying for the past half hour, the violet haired girl too quiet to protest, as the door was slammed shut in front of her eyes...

"W..W..What now..? She's probably gonna be in there forever.." Meta groaned, prompting Bouncy to finally get to her feet, clicking out of the [Claim Prize] Section.

"Gotta go...Gotta go....Nearby..maybe..?" Bouncy whimpered to herself, as standing brought a new problem...

Psssssh..!

"OUTSIDE, NOW!" Meta snapped, as warmth graced her panties, prompting the girl's legs to lock... Gravity making itself all too known, as she clenched up her pelvic muscles... Wincing, and groaning loudly....

"Thanks-for-the-games-and-drinksKeep, but-I-Gotta-go-like-NOW" Bouncy stammered sharply, starting to dart as fast as her legs would carry her, Meta charging after with her hands buried in her skirt as well.

The glass door gave way easily, and they managed to get outside of the store quickly enough....Though...

"Bathroom... do any of these places nearby have a bathroom?" Meta groaned, squeezing herself with both hands as she hopped from foot to foot, Bouncy pausing to think.

"W..Well, there's a gas station nearby that should.." she started, as Meta shook her head.

"Eugh.. Gas station bathrooms..." she groaned.... "F..Fine, whatever...! C'mon...Hurry..!"

Pssssss.....

"Hurr...!" Meta groaned, knees knocking as a second spray of warmth renewed her urge's ferocity....

Pssss!

And a Third! Bouncy buried both of her hands into her light blue skirt at this, feeling a fourth spray warming her fingers directly....and leaving a significant wet spot on it. She groaned, gasped, and whimpered... Trying to move... to inch... to stagger, even a little bit...

"C...C'mon...C'mon, don't do it.." Meta whimpered, staggering along with her, as Bouncy could see a wet spot forming on Meta's bottom. "Don't wet... Don't wet.. Don't wet.."

Bouncy managed to hobble a few feet away, to the side of the store she left.... But, glancing at the sheer distance it would be to make it to the gas station.....She didn't have to have Meta's own foresight to see what trying to make it there would result in....

"Nnnnghhh... C..C'mon Bouncy... W....W..We gotta... We gotta move..!"

"N...No, No we'll never make .." she responded finally, barely getting out of view of anyone going down the road, as she leaned against the wall for support. They'd never make it all the way down to the station, but...

"Nnnnghhhh.....Well, I don't wanna piss myself..!" Meta groaned, snapping her head back, as she saw the girl's hands moving up her skirt. "Ah..?! Are you...!"

Words were beyond Bouncy now, as her fingers made their way to the waistband of her striped panties, sliding them down as she slid down the wall...Falling into a half-supported squat, tugging said garments to her knees......

Psssssssss.....Pssssssssssssshhhhhhhh...Pssssssssssssssssssssssssshhhhhhhh

Just in time for her body's muscles to give in completely, a hissing, roaring stream gushing and splashing onto the ground in front of her... As Meta herself adopted a similar position, a mirrored stream splashing down as well...

"Haaaaah...Aaaahhh..Ahhhhaaaaaaa..." Bouncy moaned and groaned in relief... Shuddering as she seemed to pee on.. and on. and on... and on.... the puddle between her legs growing, as she thought to inspect the damage on her panties and skirt....

While her skirt had a small wet spot on it, her panties had a much larger stain... Dampened about the size of two quarters, but... Not completely soaked. Judging by Meta's own garments mirroring hers, there was a spot on her bottom as well, but she didn't pay too much mind to it... Just focusing on the...

Absolutely.. ...AMAZING feeling of relief washing over her, as her shoulders sagged...savoring the sensation.

"Ohhhh.. Ohhh, we have got to stop doing this.." Meta protested, even as her own sour expression, and tensed figure melted alongside Bouncy's.

"Mmmmm....Or else, It's gonna become a habit..." Bouncy added, not entirely sure if that would be a bad thing.....

Eventually, the girl's streams tapered off, prompting a hasty retreat from the scene of the crime. Out of sight, and thankfully, out of the intense Heat.....

