Just a fantasy world..

Author: Asuna.bed.wet.

*000*2019-12-26 19:50

Sorry for the calligraphy but the whole text is written in my native language (Italian) and has been subsequently translated into English with Google Translate.

The story was written for me so to satisfy my fetishes, don't read it if you don't want, Thanks !

Chapter 1, the bedwetter princess

The year 277 of the human calendar was in force, that is, 277 years had passed since man prevailed over the other races in the great war, we were in a happy period, where humans could live peacefully (in their territories of course).

In the palace of the emperor (the highest authority in the human world) a small girl with shining red hair and eyes as black as the night walked through the halls, dressed in magical clothes with a very high price, her name was Chlothsinda (for the friends Chloe) and she had just turned 10, she was the eldest daughter of the emperor and had lived a spoiled life without knowing the misfortune of the world.

At least until his mother Katherine died, his mother was the strongest paladin ever and his magic, at least according to rumors, could exceed that of the heroes of 300 years ago or the direct descendants of the gods.

However he died, this because in the clash with the king of demons, who rises 1 time every 1000 years, and his demonic army was cursed and because of the curse for every demon he killed he lost 1 day of life.

At the death of the demon king, then at the end of the war, nothing remained of the strongest paladin except the ash and his divine equipment, traces were lost.

Chloe at first did not understand what had happened, however she never saw her mother again, the only one with whom she behaved normally and the only one who treated her with affection.

Ever since Chloe realized that her mother was dead, nightmares turned her every time she slept and as soon as she woke up all sweaty and sometimes screaming she immediately knew she was wet from her pee .The servants and maids who had to change her sheets every morning, wash and change her every time began to call her bedwetter princess.

When Chloe turned 11 her father with whom she had never talked practically married another woman, who already had 2 daughters:

Elizabeth 15 years old, a beautiful young blonde woman with green eyes, 1.70 meters (5.7 ft) tall, thin, with abundant breasts and a hateful personality with no magical ability and no fighting ability, she liked to boast of her beauty and exploiting her sister and her extraordinary magic power;

Isabel 10 years old, 1.50 meters (4.9 ft) , thin, small and gentle, with medium beauty, black eyes and dark brown hair, her character was very kind and condescending, she did everything they told her to be a mother and sister, her magical power was exceptional for her age.

Their father was a general who died in the war and their mother was a duchess, both were spoiled but unlike Chloe they went to a school or the magic academy of the empire, the most important school in the human world, where only the nobles could enter high-class or the prodigal wizards.

At first Chloe thought of her father's new marriage as an opportunity to get back a loving mother and sisters to share the pain with, but she was wrong. Her stepmother treated her decently, although she did not love her as her daughter, the problem was her stepsisters, in particular the eldest, Elizabeth who was envious of her and needed to let off steam on someone, so in addition to the insults and grievances in also around for her condition of wet bed, she asked her younger sister Isabel to sometimes use spells on her to make her lose control of herself making her pass out and then dream and then have a nightmare and get wet, or keep her still with magic while he tickled her until her panties drenched, which were slowly ending.

Chloe used very high-level white panties, made of a magical fabric of incredible comfort, which, however, every time we peed inside, became stained so that it was no longer possible to remove the traces of the urine, except than with a product that was used in medicines that cost more than the panties themselves, very expensive...

One day Chloe went to Elizabeth (Liz) and Isabel (Isa) because desperate from the situation and without magic panties in fact now she wore red cotton panties with a comfortable pink dress and deer leather shoes on them:

(Chloe): sisters I can't stand you and your teases anymore, since you arrived a day hasn't passed since I kept my panties dry, please stop!

(Liz): oh, my favorite little princess is out of the cradle huh! Let's see, sister, do you think we mistreated our wet little princess?

(Isa): see sister...in her situation I would feel bad, very bad...

(Liz): little sister, who do you prefer between me and her!

(Isa): obviously you sister...but I think we could be more...kinder...

Isabel was shaking because she was afraid of her sister and did not want him to get angry with her and if she had not used timely medium-level illusion magic, probably the girls would have noticed that a wet patch of the size had formed on her green skirt of a coin while her white panties were obviously drenched and her gut hurt from fear.

However Isabel regained calm.

(Isa): sister, there is no need to get angry, we can solve it if you want and if you really don't want to apologize to Chloe then let's go that I have to go...to the toilet...

Isabel said timidly.

(Chloe): ha ha ha

Chloe who thought Isabel was a son of a bitch changed her mind slightly and at her shy comment about her needs she gave a light laugh.

(Liz): little sister I will never apologize to Chlothsinda, and don't mention her, she is the wet princess! and you my beautiful insect, how dare you smile in my presence on my sister's personal matters!

Liz was now angry, she wanted to humiliate Chloe and punish Isabel for being on her side. Isabel released a silent fart and a hot jet warmed her panties. as Chloe began to feel an increase in pressure in the abdomen, her bladder was almost full, and she had chosen a bad time to be.

(Isa): frighten sister ... if I didn't know how you love me I would need a change of clothes now ...

(Liz): you do well to be afraid little sister, otherwise I will have to tell mom how you use magic to make her headache come up every time she tries to scold you ...

Liz had ordered her sister to build a special magic wand for her which although it is valid only for low-level magic also allowed her to cast spells, one of which caused a severe headache and worked only on those who could not use magic apart from herself, Liz used it on their mother to avoid being scolded.

After Liz's words, Isabel swallowed and released another silent fart because her mother always terrified her.

(Chloe): Do you dare blackmail your little sister with these methods? don't you love her? I'm surprised, every time you tortured me with a tickle, that you made me wet and then you made fun of me ... I endured everything thinking that maybe one day we could talk to sisters, and I envied your bond but now, after seeing that here the villain is neither isa nor the duchess, I want nothing more than to make you pay for how you mistreated me!

Chloe was angry for the first time in her life, until now she had never reacted but now...

Ok, first chapter over!

World statistics:

- average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Katherine (EX stronger human and Chloe's mother)

Magic: 999

Strength: 999 (basic)

Bladder: ???

Bowel: ???

Chlothsinda (wet princess or Chloe)

Magic: ???

Strength: 15 (basic)

Bladder: 9 (awake) 0 (sleeping)

Bowel: 10 (when awake) 6 (sleeping)

Isabel (prodigy sorceress)

Magic: 83

Strength: 1 (basic)

Bladder: 2 (awake) 3 (sleeping)

Bowel: 2 (when awake) 6 (sleeping)

Elizabeth (hateful stepsister)

Magic: 0

Strength: 6

Bladder: 1 (awake) 2 (sleeping)

Bowel: 6 (when awake) 2 (sleeping)

Statistical info:

- if the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

- if the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

- strength (basic) means without magic upgrade!

*002*2019-12-26 22:15

Sorry for the calligraphy but the whole text is written in my native language (Italian) and has been subsequently translated into English with Google Translate.

The story was written for me so to satisfy my fetishes, don't read it if you don't want, Thanks !

❗ [DISCLAIMER: the chapter contains diapers!

I don't put it in fiction and fanfiction (padded / omutsu) because I'm not going to insert diapers in the next chapters, tell me if I should do it and maybe put a link] ❗

Chapter 2,wet angry princess:

Chloe was angry with her half-sister Elizabeth, she wanted to make him pay for being mistreated almost a year and she could not imagine how poor Isabel could bear her, Chloe never reacted, it can be said that in her childhood apart during her practice personal and in complete solitude she used magic almost reluctantly, this because her mother who was a paladin and who therefore used both magic and strength to fight in the eyes of Chloe was in a certain sense complete, Chloe instead felt herself incomplete, as if she had a deficiency, this made her suffer.

Her tutor even thought that she had no magical power, and therefore she was trained with a sword and was slightly above average.

In truth, however, his magical power was enormous, he was easily comparable to a demon magician or a minor dragon, obviously null if compared to that of his mother, but disgustingly worrying for an average human.

Right now Chloe's magical power was going out of control because she was angry, but a simple anger for a bad stepsister couldn't cause this, so why was Chloe going out of control?

Obviously because he had never faced neither anger nor the disproportionate amount of power he possessed.

(Elizabeth): are you angry? So what do I care?

I'm not afraid of someone who can't use magic like me, I have my sister to protect me, she is a genius, the best, I don't treat her badly!

Elizabeth was going from laughing to crying, she didn't care about Chloe at all but she liked her little sister.

(Isabel): sister we are in danger, Chloe is ... a monster ...

~psshhh~

~pfft~

Isabel could feel the enormous magical power coming from Chloe and now Isabel was getting completely wet while a lump of poop landed in her panties, now completely wet now, if the magic of illusion had been launched by any wizard then everyone could feel and they could instantly see what was going on under Isabel's green skirt, but she was a prodigy so the girls will only "smell" the odd smell.

(Elizabeth): little sister you are pale, almost white in the face, what do you mean by monster?

It's just our dear little wet princess ... she's not like her mother, that overpowered bitch ...

~Boom~

(Chloe): what did you say ... my mom ... mom!

(Isabel): Liz! run!

Chloe was crying blood, did not like the feeling she felt like she was swimming in the lava, she felt burning, she felt heavy, this happened because while she was angry she stopped controlling the magical power, this caused a state of fear and anger that Chloe had never tried, her red panties were now wet in front and behind, the skirt of her dress was burning so everyone could see her piss-soaked panties, but Elizabeth and Isabel doesn't care, Liz was blocked by fear, and Isabel was creating the strongest magic barrier she had ever erected in her entire life, she no longer had magical power in her body, she felt she was dying, but she had to save her and her sister, however ...

Suddenly Chloe jumped and kicked Elizabeth, hitting her directly in the belly, Chloe had used the high level physical enhancement, but it was a magic on herself so Isabel's barrier was useless ...

Chloe had sent Elizabeth flying and hit the wall.

Sounds of broken bones...

~prrt~

~pssssssssssashhh~

~pfft~

~brprphrtbtbtbt~

And "other" sounds echoed in the corridor...

Elizabeth's skirt was raised and she had her legs spread showing a pair of particularly thick pink but yellowed and dirty panties, Elizabeth used her "special panties" all the time even at school, this was because she was incontinent and suffered a lot, her sister understood her because she had the same problem at times and therefore with magic through cloths she invented what can be called "a diaper"

Obviously the piece of pink cloth could not contain the urine of an adult woman, let alone the feces, that's why Isabel had worked hard to enchant the "diaper" so that it absorbed everything, obviously Isabel was more than disgusted to be in contact with in his body waste and his pee for too long so he never put one (apart from to test it obviously)

(Chloe): AAAAAAAAAAAA...I am angry, I am very angry, I am furious I will kill you! I swear!

(Isabel 'mind'): my magic power is over, Chloe is ... a monster, it can't be it's a dream, now I'll wake up and everything will end ... sure ... a dream like that ... me it will make the bed wet ... when i wake up i want to make peace with my big sister Chloe

~splash~

~psshhh~

Isabel passed out in her sea of pee as she once again released what was left in her bladder.

~pfft~

Chloe had now also freed the intestine, she no longer had control over her body, if she continued like this the building would be destroyed, or at least would suffer serious damage until the arrival of the court wizards, but this did not interest Chloe in her there was only love for his mother and hatred for Elizabeth, who was dying in a lake of blood and urine that came out of her diaper.

(Chloe 'mind') I feel warm, my head is bursting, help me! Mom!

Was the image of her mother cuddling her while she had a fever imprinted in her mind, when was she sick what was her mother doing to her? He simply told her to calm down, only to calm down and breathe slowly, but Chloe was too furious to calm down, instead she started walking towards Elizabeth, now almost dead, Chloe wanted to kill her, now she didn't even remember who she was ...

(Elizabeth): dad ... help ... me ... please ...

(Chloe): sniff sniff ... NOOO!

Chloe fell to her knees just as she was about to hit Elizabeth with all her strength, however in a few seconds Chloe's mind understood that she and Elizabeth were similar, both had lost a parent, both suffered but differently

(Chloe): hold on, big sister, I'll cure you! From tomorrow I will no longer use magic, I prefer to die!

Ok, second chapter over!

World statistics:

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Katherine (EX stronger human and Chloe's mother)

Magic: 999

Strength: 999 (basic)

Bladder: ???

Bowel: ???

Chlothsinda (wet princess or Chloe)

Magic: 200

Strength: 15 (basic) 70 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 9 (awake) 0 (sleeping)

Bowel: 10 (when awake) 6 (sleeping)

Isabel (prodigy sorceress)

Magic: 85

Strength: 1 (basic)

Bladder: 2 (awake) 1 (sleeping)

Bowel: 2 (when awake) 4 (sleeping)

Elizabeth (hateful stepsister)

Magic: 0

Strength: 6

Bladder: 1 (awake) 1 (sleeping)

Bowel: 5 (when awake) 1 (sleeping)

Statistical info:

- if the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

- if the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

- strength (basic) means without magic upgrade!

😅If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks!

*005*2019-12-27 00:18

Sorry for the calligraphy but the whole text is written in my native language (Italian) and has been subsequently translated into English with Google Translate.

The story was written for me so to satisfy my fetishes, don't read it if you don't want, Thanks !

Chapter 3,Over-Magic:

Chloe had almost killed her stepsisters, this because of the magic, it was actually her fault, even if she didn't want to admit it, if only she had practiced, if she had also trained with magic, all this would not have happened, or at least this that's what he thought, he was slowly hating magic more and more.

Why wasn't her mother there to guide her anymore?

Why wasn't he as strong as his mother?

This is other "why?" Tormenting Chloe who as she took off her completely soaked red panties full of her body waste, Chloe remained in her bra while she was using a basic level spell cure spell on Elizabeth who was losing blood.

(Chloe 'mind'): it is not possible! the blood doesn't stop!

As a self-taught Chloe, he couldn't do anything but practice basic spells and magical control, so he didn't know how to reweld Elizabeth's shattered bones, he had the power but because of him he couldn't use it.

(Chloe'mind '): I feel faint, I can't cure her alone, should I wake Isabel up? Seek help?

Chloe had treated the wounds perfectly and disinfected them, however Elizabeth's bones and organs had been severely damaged, she could resist at most a few more minutes and Chloe seemed to realize it, however Chloe was using magic to block Elizabeth, if she moved, her shattered ribs could pierce her heart and at that point Elizabeth would die, Chloe could not allow it, and even if she was about to pass out and her magical power was almost finished she had to continue to treat Elizabeth while screaming to call for help.

(Chloe):HELP!, my sister will die! please help me! help my sister!

~sniff~

~psshhh~

~sniff~

Chloe was crying, she was peeing, her body was in danger of suffering serious damage, one did not have to resist the fainting that occurred when the magical power ended, this obviously Chloe could not know but the pain she felt, and the cold that she felt they did almost understand, it was the opposite feeling to the burning sensation when she was angry.

(Chloe 'mind'): I've been screaming for almost 5 minutes, nobody comes, I'm sweating, I'm cold, I'm thirsty, I feel like they've been deprived of blood

~Thud~

Chloe had fallen to the ground and was passed out, or almost passed away, she could no longer hold Elizabeth firm, continued to cure her but could not last another minute, otherwise she could die too.

(Elizabeth): Chloe ... I ... I ... sorry

(Chloe): sister ... don't talk, I will save you ... I ... I ...

(Elizabeth): I apologize ... again ... there is nothing more for me to do! I love you, little sister...

~Thud~

(Chloe'mind '): I fell, I don't have to lie down, I have to save ... Elizabeth ... my head is spinning, I don't see it, I can't see ...

Elizabeth was dying, Chloe was dying, however, even if that wing of the building was empty at the time, someone had heard the explosions of a while ago, that someone was Chloe's personal servant, Marsilia, however Marsilia was a coward, just hearing the noises, instead of warning the guards in the courtyard, she ran farting in fear and entered the wardrobe of Chloe's room, which she was cleaning, as soon as she entered the wardrobe ...

~Psssssshhh~

(Marsilia'mind ') I can't believe I'm wetting my maid dress, I don't have to be discovered by the mistress, she is the one who gets wet, I am a woman, she is a girl, however what was that sound of a little while ago, will the mistress be fine? Will it be the attack of demons?

After 2 minutes of silence Marsilia was curious to see the thing that had caused the explosion, but she felt sticky and wet from her accident, she had no spare clothes, since the maids' clothes were counted and each had her own, they were very comfortable magical clothes that were adopted to the size of the wearer, so he could not change, Marsilia was even ashamed to get out of the closet with a patch on her maid's dress.

(Marsillia'mind '): everything is silent, a spell could have gone wrong for little Isabel, I have to see if the girls are all well! But they will make fun of me if I go to them with wet pants! The skirt doesn't look wet in front or behind, good, but should I take my panties, shoes and socks off?

No! I am ashamed, oh my poor panties what have I done to you ... I have an idea! I borrow Chloe's clothes, I always wash them, her clothes are magical and will adjust to my size, but the panties with which she sleeps, the magical ones are all unrecoverable or to wash and I don't wear underpants with the yellow patch of urine of someone else other than me !, patience will be close to me but now I have to go and see!

Marsillia was having these problems while Elizabeth and Chloe, her mistress were about to die, if Chloe knew it would probably burst again, 5 minutes had passed and

Marsilia finally came out of the closet checking that there was no one outside, took her shoes, wet stockings and panties of her pee and she threw everything on Chloe's bed not counting that if she would be wet, or maybe maybe she got excited at the idea or didn't really care, a mystery.

Marsillia took Chloe's pair of ankle boots, the only ones that seemed magical to her, dark blue stockings like the one she had before and two pairs of panties, one white cotton and one black with lace edges, took the first one to dry and threw him on the bed and put on the rest of Chloe's clothes he had taken.

~prrt~

~prrt~

~prrt~

The waitress was frightened and curious and in agitation ran to the explosion site while releasing another fart, a little wet in Chloe's underwear,

Marsillia had to go to the bathroom, but now she couldn't!

Meanwhile in the corridor Isabel was beginning to regain consciousness, she felt dirty from her messy accident a little while ago, and she felt disgusted with themselves, gathering her strength she lifted her torso and saw her sisters ...

(Isabel): Nooo! why? Be well, answer me! Please!

Elizabeth was dying and Chloe could not breathe, Isabel noticed immediately, she did not have enough magical power for a high level magic, she could not understand what Elizabeth had, outwardly she looked more than healthy, even if she was paler than usual, but then she saw the pool of blood nearby, it was huge, it was probably made up of at least 5 times the blood that she now had inside her body, then Isabel understood that Chloe had tried to cure Elizabeth as soon as she regained control , however she had not succeeded, yet Chloe's power had seemed more than hers, then she looked at the pool and finally understood, after all she was a genius, she had no magical power though ...

(Isabel'mind ')Chloe had used a simple low-level magic that could restore blood level, disinfect and repair the skin, but some time ago she used that magic, too much blood!

Now there is only one way to save my sister, I will risk my life, after all she is my sister!

Isabel was going to do what Chloe had been doing for more than 10 minutes, namely to use magic despite having run out of magical power, basically risking death! if Chloe had studied like Isabel, she would have known that the technique for using magic without magical power was called Over-magic, and it was rumored that the physical limit for a human was 3 minutes of use before dying, obviously no one had resisted more than 3 minutes without falling to the ground passed out from the pain and atrocious sensations.

Ok, third chapter over

World statistics:

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Chlothsinda (wet princess or Chloe)

Magic: 200

Strength: 15 (basic) 70 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 6 (awake) -2 (sleeping)

Bowel: 7 (when awake) 5 (sleeping)

Isabel (prodigy sorceress)

Magic: 85

Strength: 1 (basic)

Bladder: 3 (awake) 4 (sleeping)

Bowel: 3 (when awake) 4 (sleeping)

Elizabeth (remorse stepsister)

Magic: 0

Strength: 6

Bladder: 1 (awake) 2 (sleeping)

Bowel: 6 (awake) 2 (sleeping)

Marsillia (cowardly maid)

Magic:v3

Strength:v9

Bladder: 4(awake) 6(sleeping)

Bowel: 2 (awake) 5 (sleeping)

Statistical info:

@@if the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

@@if the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

@@strength (basic) means without magic upgrade!

If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks!

I'm sorry but I will probably go slower, also to improve the quality and to find more original ideas, Sorry

*007*2019-12-27 19:06

Sorry for the calligraphy but the whole text is written in my native language (Italian) and has been subsequently translated into English with Google Translate.

The story was written for me so to satisfy my fetishes, don't read it if you don't want, Thanks !

Chapter 4,the archmage:

Elizabeth lay unconscious on the floor while Isabel used over-magic to cure her

(Isabel'mind '): Fortunately Chloe kept my sister alive, it must have been hard to maintain the basic healing spell for almost the entire time of my fainting, I have been using an average healing spell for less than 20 seconds and I I feel like I'm on the bottom of a frozen lake in winter ...

~Grlhgrlhgrlhgrlh~

Isabel's stomach, due to the cold that she felt, emitted continuous gurgling, isabel felt very bad, she could not imagine how Chloe had resisted for more than 3 minutes, now Chloe did not breathe, it seemed as if she had hibernated, Isabel was worried however there was no time now, he had to hurry to put Elizabeth out of harm's way.

(Marsillia): what happened Isabel mistress? Why is Mistress Chlothsinda on the ground bare and completely immobile?

Need my help? Should I call for help? What is all that blood?

(Isabel): Chloe has gone out of control, has accumulated too much hatred and is like exploded, she hit my sister and I passed out due to the loss of all my magical power.

Now there is no time, soon I will pass out again, I can barely make Elizabeth out of danger.

Need help, call a court wizard otherwise Chloe may not make it.

(Marsillia):I'm going now!

Marsillia did not want the death of her mistress, she was nice, she liked to work for her and in addition she thought that the reward for saving the future empress could be surprisingly high.

Marsilla had to call a wizard, went first to the courtyard and saw that it was cloudy outside, probably it would rain shortly thereafter.

~cough~

~cough~

~cough~

~cough~

A little coughing was emitted from Elizabeth's body,

Isabel had managed to heal Elizabeth's chest bones, finally her sister's organs were out of danger.

(Elizabeth): ...

Elizabeth could not speak, even if she tried hard she could not, but now apart from the pain in the limbs and the head, if she stood still she could not feel pain too strong or unbearable.

(Isabel) sister, now that I've treated you, I should help Chloe, who I think is passed out from using magic for too long, but now I'm not feeling well, I'm cold ...

~Thud~

~psshhh~

It only took a few seconds to give up and Isabel fell to the ground unconscious. Her body was in a state of complete relaxation, but she was fine, obviously her already full and wet panties were now sinking another complete release of her bladder and now on her skirt were exposed all the damage done up to now, because the The mid-level spell to hide his previous accident was over.

Now the three sisters were lying on the ground and helpless in the corridor, but only Chloe risked her life, since her body temperature had dropped slowly and steadily so far.

Marsillia instead was in front of the room of the most important sorceress of the court, her name was Fredegunde, a 24-year-old woman, {1,60 meters (5,2 ft)} very thin with bluish eyes like the sea and black hair, she would need glasses but she saw thanks to magic, she was a sorceress with a high magical power, she had spent her entire life closed in the family villa intent on discovering the mysteries of magic, hers was a family of border marquises, therefore in the battle against the demons, Fredegunde's villa was attacked and she who had never set foot outside her room, found herself in a bloody battle where her whole family lost her life, she was saved thanks to a magic to protect against physical-magical attacks that the demons could not break.

However ... once the attack was over she was left alone in the destruction of the demons, she had lost everything, forrunatame, shortly afterwards the human army passed by, led by Chloe's mother, who seeing her skills took her with him and gave her the role of archmage, asking her to bring Chloe on the road of arcane magic only after her twelfth birthday, but when she discovered the death of Katherine, Fredegunde fell into depression, she was always closed again in her room, not wanting to see Chloe, who reminded her of Katherine.

~BRRRTTRTRTPPF~

(Marsillia'mind '): wow ... I was lucky ...

Marsillia had just released a hard fart in the panties that she had taken from Chloe's room, this because she still had to go to the bathroom but she couldn't also didn't want to meet the archmage in this state, she had to release some gas before entering, however she didn't she expected such a loud sound, she was surprised not to have ruined her panties ...

Now he had to warn the archmage, he didn't even knock, he opened the door and entered, this because he knew that the archmage was shy and never used his authority and his magic, or at least she had never seen her do it .. .

However inside the room ...

(Fredegunde'mind '): Oooh, aaaaahhh, it's so pleasant, it feels really good, today is really a great day after all.

@@Fredegunde had always been alone but had never masturbated in her room, this was because she had always thought it was a bad thing, but when her family died, she started to become a bedwetter, obviously she could prevent herself from doing it with magic, but not she did it because after waking up for the first time since her memory, the feeling of warmth and warmth made her feel so good, after a nightmare, that thing gave her confidence, made her relax, she also liked to wet panties in public or in private and conceal themselves with magic, or, and this was the thing she preferred, she liked to wet the bed, naked or with panties, she liked to get wet slowly, relaxing and feeling the heat caress them and tickle her pussy , then she liked to masturbate and come several times, all this obviously was done by deactivating her search magic, otherwise always active, for this she had not heard the explosion and for this she had not realizing that Marsillia was now entering her room without knocking.

(Fredegunde'mind ') oh no !, I have to do that thing, even if ... No! My honor depends on it!

Suddenly a 30 meter (100 ft) radius sphere formed around Fredegunde sitting on her wet bed, it was one of the most powerful spells known to mankind, time control, it allowed anyone in the sphere to move, this however, he consumed an incredible amount of magical power, it was said that it was impossible to remain inside the sphere and moveĺ for more than 1 second even for an army wizard or for a lower class adventurer (A) for Fredegunde it was not difficult use the time control, the problem is that it had a negative effect on her ...

~prrt~

~prrt~

~pffftt~

Farting and a thurd of soft mush made their way between Fredegunde's buttocks, she hated getting dirty and now her bed and her white panties had turned brown, there was nothing she could do, as soon as she used the control of the passage of time, she immediately shook bladder and bowel, however his bladder was empty so he only made a soft mess in his panties, he hated messing on himself because it was a mess to clean up, however he could not be seen by anyone while masturbating up in a bed wet with pee.

5 minutes later, that outside it wasn't even a blink and Fredegunde had washed herself with magic, drying herself, changed herself and after cleaning the bed, dispelled the magic and saw a simple maid enter, the personal maid Chloe if he wasn't wrong.

Fredegunde was slightly angry ...

(Fredegunde'mind '): who is this maid?

@@it was called ... Marsillia ... right?

(Fredegunde): why didn't you knock? I was practicing magic control!

She said a little annoyed and embarrassed

(Marsillia): excuse me ... now there is no time, little Chlothsinda and her stepsister Elizabeth are very ill ...

~pfft~

Marsillia apologized embarrassed, not because she realized that she had to knock on the archmage's door, but because although Fredegunde's spell would apparently stop time, this was not true, what was inside the area he would have lived, therefore the body would have worked and this allowed Marsillia's bowels to ferment and produce gas, which was immediately released by the maid.

~grrlllgrl~

A faint sound made the waitress understand that she had to go but there was no time, she would wait, she also felt her bladder oddly filling, yet she had got wet a little while ago ...

(Fredegunde): what do you mean? Where are the girls now?

(Marsillia): they are in the east wing, second floor, in the middle of the central corridor ...

(Fredegunde'mind '): it seems serious, serious, better to hurry ...

(Fredegunde): soon, take my hand, we will go with the teleportation!

(Marsillia): ... EEEEEEEH ?! Teleport? Are you serious? Not for nothing are you an archmage ... wow

Fredegunde could only use teleportation 3 times a month, it was a magical ability rather than a spell, to use it she must have been in that place and had to have it in mind while.

~poof~

While Marseille comments in amazement at her ability, Fredegonde took his hand and they teleported.

~Thud~

~Thud~

Apparently Fredegunde calculated badly and they appeared 1 meter (3.2 ft) above the ground, so no longer feeling the floor under their shoes, they fell to the ground and lost their balance by falling on their backs ...

~pfft~

~hiss~

Marsillia released the gas that was in her bowel and a very small jet of pee entered her in Chloe's black panties, even if someone saw them under her skirt, she could not see anything, the smell of the fart, however, was different ...

(Fredegunde): Chloe!

Mind Marsillia was sitting to prevent the smell of her fart from leaving her skirt, Fredegunde had already performed an analysis on the body of Chloe who was nearby, Fredegunde did not give the slightest importance to the bodies of the duchess' daughters, for her they did not have a space, Chloe instead considered her almost as a younger sister or rather as the only relative she had left since she considered Katherine almost like a mother and had talked a lot with her about Chloe.

(Fredegunde'mind '): not good, her body has been cold for too long, the heart still beats but the brain seems to have ceased its activity for some time now, I must immediately influence magical powers in her, then warm her up and put her to bed!

(Fredegunde): Marsillia !, now as I try to restore little Chloe's magical power, please tell me what happened!

(Marsillia): yes ... well you see I don't know very well what is understood, but I think this is the work of Chloe ... From what I understand it seems to have lost control of itself and its powers ...

(Fredegunde): I understand ...

Fredegunde was amazed.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I didn't think you could lose control at the age of 11, you shouldn't have enough power to not be able to control it ... could Katherine have been wrong? He said he started practicing for Chloe at age 12 ...

Maybe...

A sudden event? One thing discovered? Strong emotion?

Something must have happened that triggered Chloe's loss of control ... however she shouldn't have enough power to beat Isabel the genius who like me started practicing magic in less than 5 years ...

Fredegunde then always looked around while returning magical power to Chloe.

(Fredegunde): wait what?

Fredegunde saw the damage on the wall, debris, charred burns and dried blood.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I'm afraid, if I had a full bladder I would have already drenched my panties ... it couldn't have been Chloe, the thing that worries me most is the blood, there's too much ...

Wait ... if she was really Chloe, after all she is the daughter of that paladin, she could have really been Chloe but in this case because now she is so ... cold as if she had used the over-magic for too long ... wait a moment ...

Fredegunde cast a preveve high-level divination spell, always as he released his magical power to flow into Chloe's cold body, it was so that Fredegunde understood that Chloe had actually used over-magic and had done it for more than 10 minutes, not she had time to see what had happened before, she only saw how Chloe had tried to save Elizabeth, but she realized one thing and that made her seriously depressed.

(Fredegunde'mind '): Chloe is too powerful, using over-magic all that time, means that she has high mental stamina and enormous basic magical power, to heal her body completely, except the brain, she had to at least get her back to her basic magical power reserve, but she had used over-magic for too long, I don't own the amount Chloe needs, maybe not even half!

No, I can't give up like this, after all I just need more magic power right?

Just potions, potions ... of magical regeneration ... I should have them in the ultra-dimensional storage warehouse!

Marsillia was standing while dancing the dance of despair while every now and then a slight fart came out of her ass, she had to pee and take a dump in the bathroom before her panties became a war zone under the archmage's nose!

~prrt~

(Marsillia'mind): why now? Why to me?

~prrt~

~prrt~

~prrt~

~prrt~

~prrt~

~prrt~

Marsillia farted continuously, Fredegunde instead had extracted all the potions she needed from the ultra-dimensional warehouse and flooded Chloe's body with enormous quantities of magical power, she drank and released magic, she drank and released magic, continued for a while and finally saw that Chloe's skin regained its natural color, she had almost finished the potions and had filled up with them, she already felt her bladder filling but she didn't even think about it, now she had to heat Chloe and hope that her brain has not suffered any damage.

(Fredegunde): Marsillia, come here help me make Chloe sit down, indeed no, bring me from her room of clothes and a blanket as quickly as possible, I can warm her body but she must still keep warm on her own, hurry up please!

(Marsillia): ok I'm going right away, but can I go to the servants' rooms first? You see, lady archmage, I should really go to the bathroom ...

~Grlgrlgrlgr~

Marsillia's bowels, as if waiting for his admission, confirmed that he needed the bathroom making the maid blush with a scarlet red.

(Fredegunde): all right, I understand, however, now there is no time, for now continue to release gas, you will go to the bathroom later, now we have no time!

(Marsillia): .... I ..... er ..... ok .... although I think that ..... nothing .... ok thanks for the advice and sorry for my vulgarity !

(Fredegunde'mind '): what I said ... I can't believe it is so embarrassing, I'm also getting excited to see her desperate, No! Now I have to save Chloe!

Marsillia was embarrassed, Fredegunde was embarrassed, Marsillia had to go to the bathroom, felt the pressure on her bladder and her bowels ready to empty, but she decided to do as she was told! She wanted to save Chloe too, so she tried to release a fart but ...

~prrrrrrrttttt~

~Brrrrrrrptptrrttffh~

~brprprprphrtbtbtbt~

Marsillia could not resist and released all the semi-solid content of her bowel all in Chloe's black panties that were leaking on the sides, letting the brown Marsillia mess fall to the ground.

(Marsillia): sorry ... sniff ... sniff, I didn't know how to stop..sniff..sniff ...

(Fredegunde'mind '): he really did it, I don't believe it is so disgusting, but strangely if I think it's not me who gets my panties dirty ... it excites me and so much ... but now is not the time.

(Fredegunde): it doesn't matter now, let's think about Chloe, go get what I asked for earlier and you will be rewarded!

(Marsillia): yes! I go immediately!

Marsillia ran with the casino that dripped from her underwear, while running she made wet and crushing noises of her waste, she decided to release her exhausted bladder in Chloe's poor panties, now those panties were equally ruined!

Meanwhile, Elizabeth's mother had returned to the palace and Isabel, the Duchess, was walking with her escort in the entrance hall towards the east wing, ready as usual to embrace and kiss her daughters lovingly and be told what they had done today .

Okay, and of the fourth chapter!

World statistics:

Average demon:

Magic: 25

Strength: 50

Bladder: 16

Bowel: 16

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Chlothsinda (wet princess or Chloe)

Magic: 200

Strength: 15 (basic) 70 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 6 (awake) -2 (sleeping)

Bowel: 7 (when awake) 5 (sleeping)

Isabel (prodigy sorceress)

Magic: 85

Strength: 1 (basic)

Bladder: 3 (awake) 4 (sleeping)

Bowel: 3 (when awake) 4 (sleeping)

Elizabeth (remorse stepsister)

Magic: 0

Strength: 6

Bladder: 1 (awake) 2 (sleeping)

Bowel: 6 (awake) 2 (sleeping)

Marsillia (maid who fart)

Magic: 3

Strength: 9

Bladder: 4(awake) 6(sleeping)

Bowel: 2 (awake) 5 (sleeping)

Fredegunde (the perverted archmage)

Magic: 320

Strength: 5(basic)

Bladder: 10(awake) 1(sleeping)

Bowel: 5(awake) 5 (sleeping)

Katherine (EX stronger human and Chloe's mother)

Magic: 999

Strength: 999 (basic)

Bladder: ???

Bowel: ???

Statistical info:

@@if the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

@@if the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

@@strength (basic) means without magic upgrade!

If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks!

*008*2019-12-28 02:46

Sorry for the calligraphy but the whole text is written in my native language (Italian) and has been subsequently translated into English with Google Translate.

The story was written for me so to satisfy my fetishes, don't read it if you don't want, Thanks !

Chapter 5,escape from the palace;

The Duchess and her escort were walking down the corridor, they would arrive at the accident site in a few minutes.

@@Meanwhile Fredegunde had successfully restored Chloe's magical power, her body had recovered, she was now physically, but her mind was devastated, she had felt upset about killing Elizabeth and then had suffered too much from prolonged use of over-magic, Chloe's psyche was shaken, her brain hadn't been damaged fortunately, but Chloe's knowledge was hurt, hurt by Chloe's own desire to blame herself, Fredegunde fortunately understood the situation and to solve it archmage had to use 2 high level spells, hypnosis and dreamy mind control, the first was a medium level spell normally, but to work, the magical power of the caster had to be at least half the victim, otherwise the probability of success was 0%, fortunately Fredegunde was aware that he could hypnotize Chloe easily, and once hypnotized she could enter Chloe's mind, do he could either make her have a dream that helped her to clear herself or she could simply erase her memory, taking Fredegunde realized 2 things however, the first was that if someone had known what Chloe had done, she probably would have been locked up or executed with the charge of being possessed by a demon, and the second thing was ... he really had to pee!

In the meantime:

(Marsillia'mind '): I feel so dirty, damned archimage, I bet he used a spell on me! I'm happy to be able to help the young lady though, and maybe I'll get my reward!

Marsillia, with her panties full and humidified, took a complete set of chloe clothes, a blanket and walking so as not to disperse the load she had in her panties began to return to the accident site.

(Chief of the guards): So how did the meeting with the high priest go? Are you ready to recognize your daughters as heirs to the throne before the gods?

(Duchess): unfortunately not ... as long as that little girl is around nobody else will be able to inherit the throne ...

(Duchess'mind '): if only something happened to make it disappear ... how happy I would be, nonsense would be enough, so now the emperor is a puppet in my control!

(Chief of the guards): I'm sorry majesty, but equally the little Chloe would become empress, even if she is younger than Elizabeth, being a direct descent, it could not be otherwise ...

(Duchess): I am aware of it, now let's see how my daughters are doing, wait, what happened here?

The Duchess rounded the corner and saw Chloe, Isabel and Elizabeth on the ground, the archmage who seemed to ... cure Chloe ... and signs of destruction could be seen on most of the walls.

(Duchess'mind '): attack of demons?

(Duchess): archmage! Report what happened immediately!

(Fredegunde'mind ') the worst person who could arrive ... perfect!

(Fredegunde): I don't know! I found the girls on the ground and injured, now I'm out of danger!

(Duchess): it is not enough as an explanation, if you don't know it, you just have to discover it with magic!

(Fredegunde): to heal Chloe I have used up almost all my magic power, now I can't use divination magic!

Obviously the last part was a lie.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I have to take Chloe away, probably if the Duchess finds out what happened she could use everything to put her daughters on the throne.

What can I do? I can't just go away with Chloe, Chloe is still unconscious and above all naked, then I don't know where I could go, apart from my old house the only place I've been except this palace is an inn far from here, almost on the border with the kingdom of the elves ...

For now I have to stay here, see what the Duchess' daughters have to say, restore Chloe's mind and then, as a last resort, leave the palace!

Fredegunde's plan was good, but ...

(Duchess): If you can't use magic I'll do it!

(Fredegunde'mind ') ... what? .... oh no ... shit! it didn't take

The Duchess took a white wooden stick out of her dress, the wand seemed to shine, it was definitely a magical tool, and it looked really powerful!

(Duchess): magic of divination, show me the truth, revelation! environmental alteration magic, projects the truth, showing itself!

The Duchess used a relic that allowed spells to be cast even to those who had no magical power, obviously she was not omnipotent and her uses were limited.

(Marsillia): how's Chloe doing? I brought her clothes ... the Duchess ... she is here ... uwaaaa! Sorry, sorry, I am mortified my lady, mistress forgive me, I could not change myself because of the strong desire to save his daughters!

Marsillia was surprised, did not expect to find the Duchess, began to bow over and over again, apologizing and hoping that her dedication would somehow reward her.

As he bowed a disgusting sound and an equally terrible smell were emitted from his clothes due to the smashing of the feces in his panties.

(Duchess): I understand, leave those clothes here and change now, your presence disgusts me!

(Marsillia): I'm really sorry, I'm mortified, thanks for the opportunity, I'll change immediately.

Marsillia ran away ignoring the crushing feeling of her waste.

(Duchess): ok, the spells have been activated successfully, now we will see what really happened, guards, carefully observed, every detail could give us information on the enemy!

(All guards): yes!

(Fredegunde): I want to resist, indeed, I really want to take Chloe away with me if you try to arrest her, she has lost control, it's not her fault!

Guards I don't want to hurt you! But get away from Chloe!

(Duchess'mind '): what do you want? It is unbearable!

(Duchess): the archmage has run out of magical power, arrest her too! It is in league with demons, it is the enemy of humans!

(All guards): yes!

~poof~

Just as the guards were about to take the archmage, she disappeared with Chloe.

(Duchess): shit! Captain put a size of 100 gold coins on their heads, tell the guild of adventurers who are two demons, who attacked the emperor's family in his palace and who want to destroy the capital!

(Duchess'mind '): that archmage fooled me eh, I had to expect everything, even the teleportation.

(Duchess): bring my daughters to bed and take care of them, I want all the court wizards at their disposal.

(Duchess'mind '): I did not expect that shy archmage who is always closed in his room could do such a thing, I underestimated it, but now I have no more hassle, the empire is completely in my hands.

(Fredegunde): I'm falling!

Fredegunde had no clear idea of where to teleport, so teleporting brought the two girls almost 2 Km (1 mi) from the inn, but the worst part is that they were 100 meters (328 ft) above the ground, Fredegunde screamed for fear of falling, her full bladder, due to the fear of falling, released a strong jet of pee that went to moisten her white panties, Fredegunde was falling, she had clothes in one hand and with the other she was holding Chloe's hand naked and unconscious, she couldn't use flying magic, Chloe would have been too heavy to hold with one hand, she had no choice but to wait for the perfect moment to use the soft landing magic on Chloe and herself, it would have hurt a little but nothing relevant.

~Thud~

~Thud~

~psshhh~

The impact was stronger than expected and another stream of pee came out of the archmage's tired bladder, her white panties had a slightly yellowish wet spot right where her crack was.

(Fredegunde'mind): we are in a wood, probably near the inn, I have to find a place to lighten my bladder, or ... I can simply ...

~Pssssssssshhh~

~hiss~

~hiss~

~psshhh~

(Fredegunde): aaah, it makes me feel so good!

(Fredegunde'mind ') wow! I really had to go eh, it's a fantastic feeling, I would like to have time to touch and enjoy myself in the intimacy of my room sitting on my comfortable bed!

Now there is no time though, it is getting evening and the woods can be dangerous, I need a safe place to restore Chloe's mind and then I need to sleep to recover magical power, now I have to dress Chloe and hide this accident, wow is the first time that I hold my urine for more than 10 minutes since I feel the need to go, I think those potions have really filled my bladder!

Fredegunde with a little embarrassment, put on Chloe first the dark blue panties, then the dress, a simple white dress without too many embroideries, then put on her stockings and realized that she had not taken the shoes.

After dressing Chloe and hiding her accident she decided to laboriously take Chloe in her arms and use the flight spell and sensing magic to find the inn.

(Fredegunde'mind '): she was fortunately close!

The inn was located near a small border town, it was a medium-sized 2-storey building, its appearance was average in the world but for Chloe and Fredegunde it was a place for poor people.

(Fredegunde): good evening is allowed?

(Owner of the inn): young ladies, welcome to our inn, my name is Odo, the owner, our inn, the sleeping bear is the best in the area, I am sure you will find yourself well, what can I do for you?

(Fredegunde): my sister and I would like a place to spend the night, thank you!

(Odo'mind '): mmmmm, they look like two nobles ...

(Odo): I have a free room but it has a single bed, one of which will sleep on the floor, sorry, he could also sleep in the barn, if he wishes.

(Fredegunde): the room with the single bed is fine, thanks!

(Odo): fine, it would be 2 silver coins, 1 for each customer, but since the bed is single, just 1 silver coin is enough. Obviously advance payment and 2 copper coins as guarantee.

(Fredegunde): ...

(Fredegunde'mind '): I don't have any money, how can I do it, should I sell an item? Should I invent a credible story? should I beg this man?

No I have no time to waste, I will use magic!

(Fredegunde): sir you know me right?

(Odo): I'm sure I've never seen it before, no ... wait ... my friend, how much time has passed since I last saw you! What can I do for you?

(Fredegunde): my friend, see me and my sister we came here to see you but we forgot to bring the money and it is now night and it is late to go home, so I would like you to host us in your inn at least until tomorrow morning, if you can obviously ...

(Odo): but of course my friend, I have this room free but it has only one bed, sorry but the others are occupied by adventurers ...

(Fredegunde): okay, let's take that room, thank you my friend, you saved us!

(Odo): for you this and other my friend, the room is 8, have a good sleep!

(Fredegunde): thank you friend!

Fredegunde had hypnotized Odo, now he had to do the same with Chloe, only it would have been more difficult! Much more difficult...

Ok, end of the fifth chapter!

World statistics:

Average demon:

Magic: 25

Strength: 50

Bladder: 16

Bowel: 16

Average adult elf (100 years)

Magic: 40

Strength: 10

Bladder: 4

Bowel: 4

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Chlothsinda (wet princess or Chloe)

Magic: 200

Strength: 15 (basic) 70 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 6 (awake) -2 (sleeping)

Bowel: 7 (when awake) 5 (sleeping)

Isabel (prodigy sorceress)

Magic: 85

Strength: 1 (basic)

Bladder: 3 (awake) 4 (sleeping)

Bowel: 3 (when awake) 4 (sleeping)

Elizabeth (remorse stepsister)

Magic: 0

Strength: 6

Bladder: 1 (awake) 2 (sleeping)

Bowel: 6 (awake) 2 (sleeping)

Marsillia (maid who fart)

Magic: 3

Strength: 9

Bladder: 4(awake) 6(sleeping)

Bowel: 2 (awake) 5 (sleeping)

Fredegunde (the perverted archmage)

Magic: 320

Strength: 5(basic)

Bladder: 10(awake) 1(sleeping)

Bowel: 5(awake) 5 (sleeping)

Statistical info:

@@if the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

@@if the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

@@strength (basic) means without magic upgrade!

If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks!

*010*2019-12-29 01:15

Sorry for the calligraphy but the whole text is written in my native language (Italian) and has been subsequently translated into English with Google Translate.

The story was written for me so to satisfy my fetishes, don't read it if you don't want, Thanks !

Chapter 6,Chloe's mind:

Fredegunde had managed to take Chloe away from the building and managed to get a bedroom at the inn without paying, she felt proud of herself, now she had to speculate on Chloe to agree that she would enter her head, but first.

(Fredegunde'mind): well, everything has gone well so far, but my lower half is completely drenched, fortunately it will not leave stains apparently, but it is annoying, then I am really tired, I want to hypnotize Chloe immediately and make me a good sleep.

Fredegunde removed her clothes and put them on a chair to dry, once removed you could see how much pee she had done, Fredegunde was now left in still very wet panties and in a bra, this because she didn't want to remain completely naked in a place unknown.

Afterwards he began to cast the hypnotizing spell.

(Fredegunde): Chloe, wake up!

(Chloe): yes!

(Fredegunde'mind '): it was fast ...

(Fredegunde): Chloe how do you feel? Are you cold? Do you need something?

Chloe was completely dehydrated.

(Chloe): ... I'm thirsty ...

(Fredegunde): ok, you can drink, keep some water.

Fredegunde took a container from his ultra-dimensional warehouse, produced magic water directly in the jug and helped Chloe drink.

(Fredegunde): Chloe, I would like to enter your mind, can I?

(Chloe): no! You can't, maybe you actually can ... I'm not sure ...

(Fredegunde): Chloe, you completely agree with me that I enter your mind right?

(Chloe): yes, I think you can do it ... yes!

Suddenly a purple glow enveloped Chloe, it had allowed Fredegunde to enter his mind. the archmage then got on the bed embracing Chloe, blocked the room with multiple magic barriers and entered Chloe's mind.

He was in a forced dream, where almost everything was decided by Chloe, if Fredegunde had failed, she could have been imprisoned unless she killed Chloe, it was a difficult task, she had to enter Chloe's subconscious, improve the image that she had of herself and possibly momentarily block some memories, such as her loss of control when she got angry.

(Fredegunde'mind '): what a dismal and cold place, it makes you shiver!

Wait why don't I wear a skirt? Is it because I don't wear it in the real world? Was it my unconscious choice? Is it Chloe's will?

~Achoo~

~Psshhh~

(Fredegunde'mind '): I peed a little! It's not like me to get wet for a sneeze ... it's cold, my panties are wet, it's a hellish place!

In Chloe's dream, the level of incontinence of people is higher because Chloe herself now that she regained consciousness and her nocturnal continence was very low, Fredegunde did not know this, currently Chloe cannot wake up due to the sense of guilt, but it is officially out of danger.

In the dream Fredegunde instead was walking towards a sphere of purple light that he saw in the distance, but suddenly 2 shadows appeared that slowly took shape and became tangible, they were the same as Elizabeth and Isabel, also two of them half naked, Elizabeth had only her panties special, Isabel instead had green bra and panties.

(Fredegunde'mind '): wow! What are the Duchess' daughters doing in Chloe's dream?

(False Elizabeth and Isabel): We will kill you like Chloe killed her sister!

(Fredegunde): Perfect!

(Fredegunde'mind): I hope my magic works ...

(False Elizabeth and Isabel): it's useless, you can't hurt us more than Chloe did!

(Fredegunde): maybe it is ...

~Boom~

Fredegunde used low-level blast spell.

(Fredegunde): maybe not ...

(False Elizabeth and Isabel): it hurts, but it's not comparable to the pain that Chloe inflicted on us.

(False isabel): now it's my turn!

However ...

(Fredegunde): I won't let you do it!

~gaah~

~Pssssssssshhh~

~poof~

Fredegunde had used the magic of the earth to hit the small body of the fake Isabel with a gigantic boulder, which fell to the ground in pain and released the bladder completely in the green panties and later the fake Isabel disappeared leaving a puddle where she had bathed.

(Fredegunde'mind '): it seems that in order to defeat her she had to get her wet, it seems more and more as if it is me and not Chloe who command the dream ...

(Elizabeth): first me and then my sister, how many people who love you will kill Chloe?

(Fredegunde'mind '): Chloe? Thing? Wait, did I become Chloe? Why?

Fredegunde had taken on the appearance of Chloe, in the same clothes that Chloe had lying on the bed with her in real life.

(fake Elizabeth) give me back my sister!

The fake Elizabeth ran to where Fredegunde was and tried to hit her with a punch, Fredegunde used a magic barrier to protect herself, the fake Elizabeth continued to punch while Elizabeth continued to parry with the barrier.

(False Elizabeth): What are you doing? Aren't you going to kill me again?

(Fredegunde): I don't want to kill you, you are not a threat to me!

(False Elizabeth): Why then did you just kill my sister?

(Fredegunde): she was going to attack me ... then I didn't kill her, you are only copies, the real ones are alive ...

(False Elizabeth): You are lying, Chloe killed them, you killed them!

(Fredegunde): it wasn't Chloe's fault, she went out of control and then tried to fix it!

~ Sniff ~

~ Sniff ~

Tears crawled on the face of the fake Elizabeth who slowly became a shadow and then slowly took the form of Chloe, she was dressed in white panties, a pink formal dress, a white petticoat, pink stockings and white shoes that sparkled, the dress absolutely Chloe's favorite.

Fredegunde instead went back to being herself.

(Fredegunde'mind): how strange, apparently this is the part of Chloe who accuses himself of what happened ...

I no longer have his appearance apparently, I must admit that I did not mind staying in the form of Chloe, at least I had clothes ... now I'm cold again ...

~achoo~

~psshhh~

~achoo~

~pssssshhh~

Two sneezes forced Fredegunde's bladder to leak, a small jet of urine warmed her panties and another jet of about 2 seconds splashed on the ground.

(Fredegunde'mind '): fuck! , I hate to get involuntarily wet ...

(Chloe): I ... I'm a murderer ... you said I'm not ... how do you know my sisters are fine? who are you,? where we are?

(Fredegunde'mind '): you! I did it, I found the part of Chloe who feels guilty, it's probably a part of his conscience ... I can do it!

(Fredegunde): it's true, you hit your stepsister Elizabeth, you went out of control and you made your sisters suffer ... however you also risked your life to try to save your sister Elizabeth and you are risking even now, you are a good girl, I know!

(Chloe): yes of course I tried to cure her but I was not able ...

(Fredegunde): trust me, she is fine!

(Chloe): I don't believe you! I don't even know you, how do you know Elizabeth is fine? Who are you?

(Fredegunde): I know because when I came to heal you I saw her body and later I also analyzed it with magic, except for some fracture Elizabeth was healthy!

She didn't even report permanent damage, except perhaps a weakening of his muscles, especially those of his bladder and his bowels, he was fine, the same goes for Isabel of course.

Chloe, the only one who now has damage is you, apart from the damage resulting from your disproportionate use of magic even after having exhausted the magical power which I have already repaired, your previously unstable mind has suffered heavy trauma resulting from the faults that you self registered. I am the archmage, my name is Fredegunde, I know that perhaps you have never seen me before or perhaps you have never spoken to me, but your mother, who for me was like a second mother who lifted me from the rubble and gave a new life, your mother told me everything about you, I consider you as my younger sister and I will do everything to help and protect you!

So please wake up!

(Chloe): wow, so you make me blush, however I can't just accept what I've done and forget it ... I can't!

(Fredegunde): of course you can't, you have to recognize your faults and also your merits, you have to understand who you are and be yourself, never forget what you've done, learn from your mistakes and fortify yourself to prevent such bad things from happening again, now wake up, Chloe.

(Chloe): yes!

.

.

.

(Fredegunde'mind ') I made it, I came out of the dream, this means that Chloe has woken up!

Fredegunde turned her head and saw a Chloe with her eyes open and full of tears

~ Sniff ~

~ Sniff ~

(Chloe): thanks..Fredegunde ...

(Fredegunde): Chloe, don't thank me, it is I who thank you, just seeing you open your eyes fills me with happiness.

As Fredegunde moved to embrace little Chloe, she noticed an enormous humidity on the mattress and on the sheet, they were completely drenched.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I don't believe it, I wet the bed and even poor Chloe's dress, what a shame ... no wait, my area is slightly drier than Chloe's ... it could be .. .

(Chloe): Fredegunde ... I ... sniff ... I ... I'm sorry I peed in bed, I wet you too, sorry!

(Fredegunde'mind '): fantastic! Not only does it seem that the actually didn't get wet, but I'm also on the same bed as a girl who got wet, that's exciting ... my panties are so hot ... no !, it's not the time, then Chloe is still small ... what am I going to think ... I feel my mind dirty inside ...

(Fredegunde): don't worry about that ... I also often bathe the bed ...

Fredegunde blushes for what she said, after all she is still shy externally, even Chloe blushes, but then she gets out of bed, undresses and stays with her bra and panties wet.

(Chloe): ok ...but...where are we anyway?

End of chapter 6!

@@information on types of coins:

1 iron coin = (only a tenth of copper)

10 iron coin = 1 copper coin = (a low quality meal or a glass of excellent alcohol)

10 copper coin = 1 silver coin = (a night in a good inn or a great meal)

10 silver coin = 1 gold coin = (good equipment or poor quality potions)

50 gold coin = 1 platinum coin = (powerful magic items, magical equipment or an elegant house, this is the average product made in a human's life)

World statistics:

Average demon:

Magic: 25

Strength: 50

Bladder: 16

Bowel: 16

Average adult elf (100 years)

Magic: 40

Strength: 10

Bladder: 4

Bowel: 4

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Chlothsinda (wet princess or Chloe)

Magic: 200

Strength: 15 (basic) 70 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 7 (awake) -1 (sleeping)

Bowel: 7 (when awake) 5 (sleeping)

Fredegunde (the perverted archmage)

Magic: 320

Strength: 5(basic)

Bladder: 10(awake) 1(sleeping)

Bowel: 5(awake) 5 (sleeping)

Statistical info:

@@if the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

@@if the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

@@strength (basic) means without magic upgrade!

If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks!

*012*2019-12-30 23:55

Sorry for the calligraphy but the whole text is written in my native language (Italian) and has been subsequently translated into English with Google Translate.

The story was written for me so to satisfy my fetishes, don't read it if you don't want, Thanks !

Chapter 7, a dirty awakening:

Fredegunde had successfully treated Chloe, improving her image of herself, but Chloe was still shaken, she wanted to apologize to Elizabeth and spend time with her stepsisters, but Fredegunde explained to her that now they were both fugitives and they could not come back.

Fredegunde explained everything that had happened to Chloe and that there were too many witnesses who saw the projection of the accident, then the Duchess had too much influence, the scariest thing and that controlled the whole army and especially the troop of imperial magicians elite, if he found himself in an open clash against more than 10 of them, even the archmage had no chance of winning, even if he fought together with Chloe they could not defeat the overwhelming power of the duchess, who also possessed the relics of the country, so in the event of a clash with no chance of victory in Fredegunde there was only one use of teleportation and he wanted to use it well.

Now Fredegunde wanted to move north, in the middle ground between the elven, dwarven and human territory, the perfect place for adventurers, Fredegunde wanted to train Chloe and herself, then join a group of high level adventurers and once gained some fighting prowess, return to the capital, kill the duchess and allow Chloe to become empress after demonstrating the duchess' crimes and details about Chloe's loss of control.

(Fredegunde): Do you understand what Chloe will do now?

(Chloe) is ...

(Fredegunde): you don't agree right?

(Chloe): I've never seen the duchess's evil, and I didn't think she controlled the empire but my father!

I can not believe...

I also want to apologize to my sister for what I did ...

(Fredegunde): How many more times do I have to tell you it's not your fault?

(Chloe): Even if you say I am not to blame, I think that if I had demonstrated my innate ability with magic and not been stubborn about wanting to fight, I would not have lost control thanks to your teachings and the duchess without reason could not have do what he did!

(Fredegunde'mind '): wow not bad for an eleven year old to talk like this ... maybe I was like that too at her age ...

(Fredegunde): you're right, you're guilty, but one day the duchess would still have found a way to make you disappear, of course, I must admit that you have great potential, you have a very high magical power for your age, I think it is similar to mine ... you have to learn new spells and keep yourself under control, then we will train and defeat the supremacy of the duchess together!

I'll help you!

(Chloe): I didn't even know you and you did a lot for me, I'm sorry to ask you to help me again but ... if you do ... I will never know how to thank you ...

(Fredegunde): Chloe, I did all this for my will ... you don't even have to thank me but if you really care ... could you consider me as your big sister?

(Chloe): sure big sister, thanks again!

(Fredegunde): well now what do you say if we sleep, personally I am very tired, I know that you slept all day but I am sleepy so goodnight!

(Chloe): I'm sorry sister, if you don't remember I just wet the bed ...

Chloe said pointing to her white panties with a yellow halo and the huge wet patch on the sheet.

(Fredegunde): I hadn't thought of that ... well apart from the feeling of cold I don't mind sleeping in it ...

(Fredegunde'mind): I didn't mean the last part out loud!

(Chloe): how did you say big sister?

(Fredegunde): listen ... we are both drenched in urine, apart from an irritation that I could easily cure, we don't take any risk ... I just need to keep the bed warm with continuous magic while we sleep ...

(Chloe): Can't you dry it with magic?

Although by now I am used to wetting the bed I don't like to voluntarily sleep in my pee!

Chloe said this in an irritated and at the same time embarrassed voice.

Fredegunde nodded reluctantly because she was excited at the thought of sleeping in a wet bed by someone other than herself.

Suddenly the urine on the bed magically disappeared leaving Fredegunde a little bitter.

(Chloe): fantastic! I wish I could too ...

(Chloe'mind '): if I learned to do it I would no longer be called a princess bathing in bed ...

(Fredegunde): it's a more difficult magic than it seems, now we sleep, I'm sleepy ...

(Chloe): big sister .. can you please give me some water I'm really thirsty ...

(Fredegunde): ok

(Fredegunde'mind '): if you drink before bed there will be a remote possibility for her to wet the bed ... I would love it ... but I don't think she will do it unless ...

Fredegunde pulled the old jug out of the ultra-dimensional warehouse and not letting himself be discovered by Chloe filled it with a diuretic that would have a slow effect and a light sleeping pill that would help Chloe to sleep faster and not wake up to pee, then produced water and gave Chloe the jug.

He did this not knowing that Chloe would wet the bed anyway because of the incontinence caused by his nightmares.

(Chloe): thank you, I was thirsty! I'm not sleepy now ... tell me about how you met my mother ... to make me fall asleep ... please ...

(Fredegunde): ok, but only a little, I'm too sleepy!

Fredegunde went to bed with Chloe, both wearing yellowed white panties, they had to stick together because the bed was tight, then Fredegunde began to tell starting from his childhood.

After a long time Chloe finally started snoring.

(Fredegunde'mind): finally! More than an hour has passed! Now I can sleep happily.

~grlhgrlhgrlhgrlh~

(Fredegunde'mind '):no right now ... it didn't take!

Fredegunde's stomach gave a loud gurgling noise, he had to go to the bathroom, but just then Chloe embraced her, who didn't want to wake Chloe, also because afterwards she would never go back to sleep keeping her awake too.

(Fredegunde'mind '): Why? Because I have to go now, my stomach hurts ... I will only release a small part of the gas and then I will try to resist until tomorrow morning ...

~fraaap~

~braap~

~BRRRTTRTRTPPF~

(Fredegunde'mind '): fuck! Luckily Chloe didn't wake up ... a little gas ... I nearly fell on myself ... the bed vibrated with fart! And the last one was slightly wet ... disgusting but also exciting, the smell is acrid, will it always be the fault of the potions? I dare not put my head under the covers to smell it, I really hope it has dispersed by tomorrow morning.

Now I'm fine though, I die of sleep, I can sleep peacefully.

At night Fredegunde's butt emitted farts of all kinds, which at a certain point stopped after the release of a spray of slightly liquid poop that dirty the back of her panties and spread evenly on the mattress. It was undoubtedly the side effects of too many potions and the cold in the bowels after the wetting that had not dried because it excited herself.

~bsssst~

~puuurtt~

~pprrraaprapp~

~Prrrrrrrttttt~

~grlhgrlhgrlhgrlh~

~fraaap~

~fraaap~

~frbpurtrbt~

As soon as the sun rose, Chloe woke up.

(Chloe): good morning ... big sister?

Fredegunde snored louder than ever.

(Chloe'mind '): she must be exhausted by how much she has tried to save me ... what is this heat ... I wet the bed ... and I wet her again, when she wakes up will she be angry? She said it happens to her sometimes too ... I hope she doesn't punish me ...

Chloe looked under the covers and realized that the mattress was completely drenched

(Chloe'mind '): what is this smell ... it smells bad! I can't believe I have discouraged so badly ... I don't even have to go, it also seems more than a fart ... if Fredegunde saw me now I wouldn't know what to tell her ... and I can't use magic to make this disappear. .. at least not so fast, I could warm it up to evaporate my pee, even if the stain would remain ... and to remove the disgusting smell I could open the window, now I get up and hope that the big sister won't wake up.

However, I feel sorry for whoever is the owner of this bed and this room ...

Chloe saw that the bed was completely saturated with her urine, she did not know that Fredegunde had both pissed and shit on her in her sleep and thought it was completely her fault, in particular the rancid smell that perpetrated in the room made her lose confidence in herself , as if he had no control over his needs.

Chloe tried to remove the stale urine on the bed, but without any success, luckily Fredegunde slept, then Chloe opened the window, but strangely the air did not seem to come out, she did not know about the magic barriers made by Fredegunde and therefore did not know what to open the window was useless.

Meanwhile Fredegunde was dreaming of being naked, of not being able to use magic and of being stuck in a glass sphere with a host of demons on the outside that kept hitting the sphere that cracked little with each stroke, this frightened her that sometimes he would leak pee droplets.

She had to go to the bathroom and in the sphere she could not otherwise she would have had to walk in her urine and feces, she also had to discourage badly but she could not otherwise the smell would have accumulated in the sphere, in practice she had no way to save herself except that of wake up, but I dream was so realistic that he could not imagine that he was sleeping.

Chloe was now naked because in the meantime she had taken off her panties that had now gone from white to yellow, had all the shades of yellow and gave off a acrid smell, she also realized that she had an irritation to the skin due to contact with urine and she used the basic magic of cure until the irritation disappeared, the smell and the sticky sensation however remained and Chloe really wanted to take a bath, so reluctantly she decided to wake Fredegunde, but when she had approached her and was about to to wake up...

~brrbrrbrtt~

A wet fart came out of Fredegunde's ass leaving Chloe with his mouth open in amazement, then Fredegunde moved slightly and ...

~squelch~

~squelch~

~phsssssssssssssssss~

The wet and dirty bottom of Fredegunde moving made several wet sounds and a hiss followed them, Chloe took a while to understand that Fredegunde had dirtied the bed and to the realization that it was probably she who had caused the smell in the room before she opened the mouth in amazement and then she chuckled and smiled at the situation and because she felt more confident and with less shame and embarrassment she decided to wake up her big sister who had made a mess on the bed.

(Chloe): big sister, wake up, I think I wet the bed.

(Fredegunde): ... uh ... yes, I'm awake !, don't worry about the bed honey, it happens, wow you really drenched it?

It's completely soaked ... what is this stench, did you have to go to the bathroom and didn't want to wake me up? Wait ... what happened ... Chloe ... I think she owes you an apology, I screwed up on the bed ...

(Fredegunde'mind ') ... she is so humiliating, I have also reassured her, now how can I maintain my dignity?

That sucks that it's disgusting ... of course it's also exciting but still disgusting, I like getting wet but getting dirty is different ...

(Chloe): big sister I'm sorry it happened to you, but now you should clean up, it happens to everyone every now and then ...

(Fredegunde): you're right ... anyway I'm sorry you have to smell this, sorry.

(Chloe): don't worry I peed on you ...

(Fredegunde): okay, now we clean everything, unfortunately I can't clean the mess with magic, so the bed will be ruined, now I will dispel the magic barrier and let out the smell. Then I'll have to apologize to my friend ...

(Chloe'mind '): here is the reason why the air did not come out!

(Chloe): Do you have a friend here at the border inn?

(Fredegunde): no I hypnotized the owner of the inn to give us the room without paying ... now that I think about it we have no money, I think we will have to join the guild as adventurers and do some mission to earn money, then maybe we will find companions, maybe a strong warrior ...

(Chloe'mind '): can also use hypnosis! How powerful it is ... not the archmage at all!

(Chloe): I'm happy to be an adventurer and enter a party, but I don't want to team up with boys! I accept only

...cute girls...

Chloe was a little roasted from what she said but she didn't like boys.

(Fredegunde): I didn't mind a handsome man but I have to admit that I wouldn't want to be seen wet by a man ...

Fredegunde blushed when she said she would get wet again.

(Chloe): sister, I have a problem ... I no longer have clean clothes ... they are all stained with stale urine, they stink and are especially slimy my panties ...

(Fredegunde): my panties are worse ... but the clothes are not bad, I'm glad I removed them, I will go get you clean clothes and I must also refill potions, you stay here at the inn, we will sleep here another night and tomorrow we will go to the adventurers guild.

(Chloe): ok but come back soon, I will be bored without you ...

Fredegunde cleaned herself, took care of the irritation of the skin and put on the clothes she had left to dry without putting on her dirty panties, she also noticed that on the petticoat there was a visible halo of urine, which excited her.

(Fredegunde): take this magical device, if you shake it strongly I will know that you need me and I will come to help you, also take this dried meat and this water, if you need anything else go to the owner of the inn tell him that you are my friend, will definitely help, see you later, bye.

(Chloe): bye.

End of the 7th chapter!

World statistics:

Average demon:

Magic: 25

Strength: 50

Bladder: 16

Bowel: 16

Average adult elf (100 years)

Magic: 40

Strength: 10

Bladder: 4

Bowel: 4

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Chlothsinda (Chloe)

Magic: 200

Strength: 15 (basic) 70 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 8 (awake) -1 (sleeping)

Bowel: 8 (when awake) 8 (sleeping)

Fredegunde (the perverted archmage)

Magic: 320

Strength: 5(basic)

Bladder: 10(awake) 1(sleeping)

Bowel: 4(awake) 4 (sleeping)

Statistical info:

@@if the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

@@if the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

@@strength (basic) means without magic upgrade!

If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks!

*014*2020-01-03 01:41

Happy new year to everyone!

Sorry for the calligraphy but the whole text is written in my native language (Italian) and has been subsequently translated into English with Google Translate.

The story was written for me so to satisfy my fetishes, don't read it if you don't want, Thanks !

Chapter 8, new characters:

Fredegunde left the inn saying goodbye to her fake best friend and headed to the nearby citadel to buy clean clothes for her and Chloe, arrived in the center of the village she started looking for a clothes shop, but then she realized that she didn't have a single penny and then he went to a shop with the word "pawnshop" written on it, then took a gold necklace enchanted by the ultra-dimensional warehouse and entered.

Inside there were many shelves and showcases, it was a confusing place, but even at first glance there was a large number of valuables.

At the center of the shop there was a tall, muscular woman, rather than a shopkeeper she looked like a warrior, she definitely inspired fear.

(Fredegunde): hi sir, i was wondering if you could give me some money if i sell you this necklace, it is completely gold, and it has a spell of high level physical strength increase and a light magic defense.

(Woman): hi Miss Maga, I believe you are a sorceress of noble origins, both from your clothes and from the magical power that you emanate, that necklace seems to be a powerful magical object, it is a problem to have it examined to see if what you have me said is the truth?

(Fredegunde): of course there is no problem, just examine it.

(Woman): Oh, not bad, it was a long time since I had been brought such an object, so I can give you 5 gold coins, take it or leave it.

(Fredegunde): then pay me 10 gold coins and I will add a magic ring.

Fredegunde took the ring from the ultra-dimensional warehouse

(Man): let me see it ... well it is undoubtedly less powerful than the second, it only amplifies the magical power of the wearer, I would struggle to sell it, I propose 8 gold coins, okay?

(Fredegunde): I have no other choice, I need clean clothes ... thanks for buying my items!

(Woman): no problem, if you need some clothes, go to the shop out here on the right and to the owner who sends you Ada, they will give you a discount, goodbye and thank you for coming to our shop.

(Fredegunde): goodbye, it was a pleasant meeting.

Fredegunde hurriedly left the shop and Ada was upset because she wanted the sorceress to reveal her name to her.

(Fredegunde'mind '): only 8 gold coins ... those items were worth at least triple ... I have no talent for bargaining ... now I have to find clothes for me and Chloe.

Fredegunde went to the shop that Ada had advised her, unlike the Ada shop, this place showed elegance and order, the clothes were divided into categories and on most of them there was a wooden tag with the price written on it, at a wooden desk there was sitting a woman in her fifties dressed in purple clothes and embroidered in gold, she seemed a noblewoman but she was only a merchant.

(Fredegunde): is it allowed?

(Old woman): come in, my dear, what are you interested in?

(Fredegunde): Ada sends me, I would like two complete sets of clothes for me and my little sister, which cost less than 5 total gold coins.

(Old woman): you went to my daughter's shop, young lady, can I know what kind of clothes they are interested in?

(Fredegunde): I would like two pairs of elegant clothes and two pairs of clothes that facilitate movement, then I would like two pairs of boots and two pairs of socks.

(Old woman) can I ask the reason for these purchases? The clothes you already have are not going well?

(Fredegunde): unfortunately they ruined ...

(Old woman): I understand, can you tell me the measurements?

Fredegunde took out a piece of paper from the ultra-dimensional warehouse

(Old woman'mind ') can use storage magic? Wow, not bad this sorceress, I wonder who she is ...

(Fredegunde): these are my little sister's measurements, unfortunately I don't know mine, I haven't bought clothes for a long time ...

(Old woman): no problem, remove your clothes and I will be happy to take your measurements.

(Fredegunde): ok I'll take them off right away.

Fredegunde took off her pissed shoes, dress and petticoat previously, then realized she didn't have panties because of her nightly accident and blushed accordingly.

The woman took a tape measure and took the archmage's measurements.

(Old woman): why don't you wear underwear?

Fredegunde blushed much more.

(Fredegunde): unfortunately my panties are ruined, that's why I need new underwear, I would like at least 3 pairs of panties for me and my sister.

(Old woman): I understand, I'm done taking your measurements, you can get dressed as well.

(Old woman): you can choose between these dresses, if you want I have others in stock, I just have to find them in your sizes.

(Fredegunde): don't worry, then I don't have time, my little sister is alone at the inn, I have to go, thanks for everything.

Fredegunde chose the clothes the old lady advised her, paid 5 gold coins, then took the clothes, put them in the ultra-dimensional warehouse, greeted the woman and left.

While returning to the inn of the sleeping bear, he saw a pair of very special red panties at a stall, they were an enchanted object that emitted a strange aura in the surrounding area, this caused Fredegunde to approach and after seeing the spells of those panties immediately decided to buy them for 2 gold coins.

With the gold coin left, she decided to buy some food to put in the ultra-dimensional warehouse at a grocery store.

At the end of his purchases in Fredegunde there were only six silver coins left and therefore he decided to return to Chloe.

Chloe after Fredegunde's exit was left alone in her room, the room smelled and she was bored, she wanted to take a bath but she thought she couldn't call Fredegunde for these trivia.

Then he chose to put on his heavily yellowed and stinky clothes and go to odo, the owner of the inn.

(Chloe) I'm your friend's little sister, my sister told me that I could ask you while she wasn't there, is there a way for me to take a bath?

(Odo): of course, there is a tub at the bottom on the right, since you are the first one who requested it, you have to fill it up and then heat the water the water, then you can take a nice hot bath and also the other guests will thank you.

(Chloe): thanks, is there a way to wash my clothes?

(Odo): we have no soap, but you can wash them at the well.

(Chloe): thanks!

(Odo): please don't thank me, thank your sister for everything she has done for me!

(Chloe): ok.

While Chloe went to the tub to finally take a bath, she was stopped by a young adventurer, apparently about fifteen years old.

She was 14 years old, her name was Alice, her past was dark, she was raised by an assassin and his wife because her parents died in a fire, she was now a young class B adventurer, she was 1.62 meters tall (5.3 ft), her eyes were deep blue, her hair was blond, she had a fair complexion, a toned and muscular body and her breasts were particularly large for her age, she now wore light armor and on his life you could see a dagger in a golden sheath.

(Alice): hello, I'm Alice, before I heard that you need to take a bath, I need it too but I didn't want to fill the tub alone, I'll give you a hand!

(Chloe): my name is Chloe, I will be happy to share the tub with you, thanks for the help.

The two went to the bathroom

(Alice): don't you need water? I think we should take it from the well.

(Chloe): no, I can create it with magic, I should be able to produce about 2000 liters per day, you think about lighting a fire to heat the tank, I am not able to heat such a large volume of water.

(Alice): it's amazing, who are you girl? To produce such a quantity of water is absurd ...

(Chloe): I am only the pupil of a powerful sorceress, I want to become an adventurer and then a paladin for the army.

(Alice): wow, I am also an adventurer, I can help you pass the test, and then if you want you can join me, I am a recent adventurer and I have not yet entered a party.

(Chloe): that's fine with me, I would like my teacher to join the party though.

(Alice): for me there are no problems, I would like to know your teacher first, tell me about her now that we will enter the water.

Some time later the two undressed and entered the tub a little embarrassed, Chloe told her situation and that of Fredegunde, omitting that they were hiding and her true identity, she also said that Fredegunde was his sister and that she was a powerful sorceress.

(Alice): you really have a great teacher, my coach is also a great warrior, she taught me to fight and raised me, then one day I realized that I did not agree with the life she had chosen and I did I went, in the future I hope to meet her and show her how strong I have become, but now let's talk about you, have you had a nice wetting problem recently?

Your panties are a disaster ... I felt you wanted to wash your clothes, if you have nothing else to wear I could lend me something, even if I doubt that my backpack has something of your measurements ...

Chloe blushed.

(Chloe): yes, I got wet last night, my sister went to town to buy clothes, I'll be fine, don't worry.

(Alice): Hahahahahaha, you really are a child is it?

Pissing on your age or wetting the bed is a bit childish ... you should grow up!

A tear came out of Chloe, not expecting offense or making fun of what she now considered a new friend.

~ Sniff ~

~ Sniff ~

(Chloe): you're bad ... I have bedwetting problems because I often have nightmares, I don't usually get wet!

(Alice): sorry, I didn't mean to offend you, I was just joking, I wasn't serious ... wait but then do you often wet the bed? hahahahahaha

Sorry! Sorry! I'm sorry, I guess you suffer from this ...

(Chloe): stop making fun of me ... yes, I suffer from it, and I've often been made fun of for this, I can't help it ... since my mother died I have terrifying nightmares that make me wet the bed from fear ...

(Alice): is your mother dead? I'm really sorry for having made you rethink bad memories, I shouldn't have offended you, I hope you can forgive me and that we can remain friends ...

You must know that I too often need to pee, I have to go right now ... so I had no right to make fun of your condition, sorry again ...

(Chloe): I accept your apologies and I still want to be your friend.

However if you have to pee, go to the bathroom ...

(Alice): this inn does not have a magic bathroom, you can go and do your needs outside or ask for a chamber pot, I don't want to get out of the water now, I can hold on a little longer ... if I wasn't with you in the tub I think I would let her out ...

Alice blushes from what she just said.

(Chloe): is there really no bathroom here? I can't pee outside ... wait, do you pee in water usually? Don't you disgust washing yourself in your urine?

(Alice): a little yes, but I must admit that I like the act, then with all this water you can't smell it ...

(Chloe): then go ... pee in the tub, it doesn't bother me ... go ahead.

(Alice): I can't ... not with you who know ...

(Chloe): I don't mind I said ... do it!

(Alice) ... ok, if you insist ...

Embarrassed Alice began to pee, did not have a large bladder but had been holding on for quite some time, so the water became partially yellow and cloudy around Alice and cleared slowly before the urine visibly reached Chloe.

(Chloe): wow, you really had to go ...

(Chloe'mind '): the water was really yellow, I must go too, but I am ashamed to ask and I see that if I do it it is too obvious ... I have to wait ... I can stay longer.

(Alice): it's so nice to get rid of a full bladder!

(Fredegunde): hi girls, can i go into the water with you?

Fredegunde had used an invisibility spell and had listened to the whole conversation from behind the door, when Alice peed in the water, Fredegunde could no longer resist and wanted to join in talking to the girls, the 3 chat until the fire goes out and then cooling the tank.

《《~~ Meanwhile in the imperial palace ~~》》

(Duchess): so how's the research going? Have you found those two fugitives?

(Chief of the guards): not yet, but the best bounty hunter is participating in the hunt, we should have news soon!

(Duchess): well, now is the time to publicly announce the events and declare that Elizabeth is the new heir to the throne.

Isabel and Elizabeth had lost memory of recent events because of a spell cast by a duchess's wand, and after seeing Chloe's scene hitting Elizabeth they agreed very much with their mother.

《《~~ meanwhile in the town near the inn ~~》》

A taller and more muscular bounty hunter than Ada herself with a fairy on her shoulder entered the pawnshop.

(Bounty hunter): Did this person come to visit you by any chance?

The huntress drew a portrait of Fredegunde.

(Ada): yes, do you know her?

(Bounty hunter): yes she is a friend of mine, I'm looking for her, can you tell me where she is now?

(Ada): no, but you can ask my mother, her shop is on the side, I asked your friend to go to her.

(Bounty hunter '): well, I have a track!

The bounty hunter thanked, said goodbye and went out and then entered the shop of Ada's mother.

(Bounty hunter): hi, your daughter said she saw my friend, do you know where she went?

(Old lady): who do I have the pleasure of talking to?

(Bounty hunter): I am a dear friend of hers, we had to meet yesterday but I lost track of her.

(Old lady): she didn't tell me where she was going, but she mentioned an inn, there aren't many in the city and there is one outside the city, you shouldn't struggle to find her, say hello, she is a nice girl.

(Bounty hunter): I'll skip it, goodbye and thank you.

(Bounty hunter '): excellent, I can finally kill two demons and avenge my family, I can take the reward and live more quietly from now on, I made a sacrifice to find the place but it was worth it it ...

《《~~ the previous night,in a forest near the capital ~~》》

(Bounty hunter '): I accepted the high-risk assignment to find those demons, I can't let them escape into their territory after what they've done, I have to find them quickly, I'll make a deal with the fairies !.

The bounty hunter went in search of the fairy village in the woods, and after facing multiple trials, she managed to talk to the fairy king and make a pact with them.

(King of the fairies): I will help you find those you are looking for, in return you will have to do something for me, my daughter, unfortunately suffers severely from a condition that rarely affects fairies, this is due to the curse that the gods inflicted on us centuries ago , now it is very rare that it happens, but sometimes it happens that a muscle does not develop to a fairy, at some, the most unfortunate ones do not develop the heart and die prematurely, at others the wings and die later, my daughter does not the bladder muscles are developed, so it is incontinent, I ask you to make the body-sharing agreement with my daughter, I ask you to share the muscles of your bladder with my daughter, in doing so she will be able to break the curse in the future and find the love to give me an heir.

(Bounty hunter): let's do it, what will happen to me?

(King of the fairies): nothing, at first you will only have urinary continence problems, which will probably disappear in the future.

(Bounty hunter): I'm a little sorry but I can't help it, where's your daughter?

(Fairy King): send her to call!

(Fairies): yes!

The fairies went to call the fairy princess.

The princess was called Sybille, at this moment she was in her bed and peeing.

~ Pssssssssshhh ~

(Fairies): princess, the king is waiting for you, hurry up!

(Sybille): tell my father I don't want to come!

(Fairies): but princess, there is a human who wants to share the bladder with you.

(Sybille): tell her I'll change and I'll be right there!

(Sybille'mind '): I don't believe it! I can finally have a normal bladder, although I will have to spend time with that human I think it will be worth it!

Sybille was very happy, she never believed that a human came to ask for such a thing, got out of bed, she was a 75-year-old fairy, for a fairy she was a teenager, she was 11 centimeters tall, for a fairy she was slightly short, she had short blue hair and emerald green eyes, she was very beautiful for being a fairy, but she had never had a boy because she had always been teased for her wetting problems, she had a medium-sized bladder, but she could not to restrain the pee, as soon as the bladder had to expand, his muscles release all the urine, wherever Sybille was.

Now she was dressed only in a pair of green panties, which she replaced with a pair of blue panties because the greens were drenched like her bed.

After putting on a short white dress, she flew into her father's room, and saw a huge human woman sitting on the floor, the woman frightens her, but she could not wait to have a greater continence.

Afterwards the king made the ceremony, which lasted until dawn, then the king to honor the pact had the bounty hunter transported to the area where Fredegunde and Chloe were, but the teleportation was approximate and the bounty hunter and the fairy found themselves in the grove near the border town.

(Sybille): then human, what is your name, I am Sybille, a long coexistence awaits us, be kind to me!

The bounty hunter is called Helen, she was 1.88 meters (6.2 ft) tall, had black eyes and brown hair, was a strong woman, good at murder and martial arts, had talent with the bow, with the sword and he knew how to use magic, his parents were killed by demons and now, who had heard of demons in human territory, he wanted to kill them personally, no matter what price.

(Bounty hunter): My name is Helen, I am a bounty hunter daughter of ordinary people, I hope you don't give me too many problems, incontinent princess ...

(Sybille): from today, look that you are too ...

Helen blushed slightly.

(Helen): you're right, but now we don't have time to think about the bladder, I have to find the demons who attacked the building!

But in that moment ...

~ Pssssssssshhh ~

(Sybille): I'm peeing on me ...

(Helen): no!

At Sybille's words, Helen snapped, unhooked her belt and dropped leather pants and white panties and crouched, immediately afterwards, her pussy released the pee that gushed for the same time Sybille got her panties wet.

(Helen'mind '): there was little lack ...

(Helen): warn me when you are going to wet yourself ...

(Sybille): you know I don't notice ...

As they walked Helen rethought the spell for sharing the bladder and its effects and the curse inflicted on Sybille.

Bladder sharing:

After 3 seconds that one of the two loosened the muscles of the bladder, the other would have pissed for the same time and with the same intensity, if one of the two remained, the other would have been able to hold for a while, but this drastically reduced the continence of both for some time, if the two had moved away for a distance greater than 1 km (1100 yd) they would both have become incontinent forever and if one of the two died, the other would have become incontinent forever.

The spell would be broken only with the same ritual and in no other way, the King would repeat the ritual after the daughter had obtained normal continence.

Curse:

A form of complete inability of the muscle to function, the only way to cure was sharing that muscle with a human, fairy and human being had to share the same conditions for more than 5 years, after which, the curse will be broken but the spell could not have been broken for another 5 years, otherwise the curse would have also affected the human being.

End of chapter eight!

World statistics:

@@average adult fairy (70 years old):

Magic: 20

Strength: 1

Bladder: 5

Bowel: 5

Average demon:

Magic: 25

Strength: 50

Bladder: 16

Bowel: 16

Average adult elf (100 years old):

Magic: 40

Strength: 10

Bladder: 4

Bowel: 4

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Chlothsinda (Chloe):

Magic: 200

Strength: 15 (basic) 70 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 8 (awake) -1 (sleeping)

Bowel: 8 (when awake) 8 (sleeping)

Fredegunde (the perverted archmage):

Magic: 320

Strength: 5(basic)

Bladder: 10(awake) 1(sleeping)

Bowel: 4(awake) 4 (sleeping)

Alice (B rank adventuress):

Magic: 0

Strength: 50

Bladder: 5(awake) 5(sleeping)

Bowel: 7(awake) 7(sleeping)

Helen (bounty hunter):

Magic: 35

Strength: 150(basic) 160(high magical boost)

Bladder: 22(awake) 16(sleeping)

Bowel: 20(awake) 14(sleeping)

Sybille (fairy princess):

Magic: 40

Strength: 1(basic) 2(high magical boost)

Bladder: 0(awake) -5(sleeping)

Bowel: 8(awake) 5(sleeping)

Statistical info:

@@if the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

@@if the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

@@strength (basic) means without magic upgrade!

If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks!

*016*2020-01-05 11:16

Sorry for the calligraphy but the whole text is written in my native language (Italian) and has been subsequently translated into English with Google Translate.

The story was written for me so to satisfy my fetishes, don't read it if you don't want, Thanks !

Chapter 9, the first fight:

Fredegunde, Chloe and Alice were in the tub and had been bathing for almost an hour, the water had not cooled down because Fredegunde had used the magic several times to heat it, he was having a lot of fun in the water, releasing the bladder slowly, not to to make it clear that it was getting lighter in the water where the girls were washing, Chloe had to pee too, but she could restrain herself by simply crossing her legs.

Alice instead had to be discouraged, but she didn't want to do it in the water because it would have been too obvious.

(Fredegunde): Alice, so can you make us an adventurer? I wish we would join the guild today, what do you say?

(Alice): for me there is no problem ... I have to inform you that to become an adventurer, you have to pass a test of physical strength and one of destruction magic, I assure you that they are not at all easy to do, both should not I have problems with magic I think ... but physical strength is essential for walking whole days and carrying a bag ...

(Alice'mind '): I can't stand it anymore, I have to get her out ...

~ fluurrrrppt ~

~ bbbllrllrbbt ~

Suddenly there was a sound and bubbles appeared around Alice that burst on the surface.

(Chloe): you ... do you have any chance?

(Alice): I'm sorry ... I couldn't resist ...

(Chloe): hehehe, it doesn't matter, it doesn't bother me.

Alice was blushing, Chloe was grinning and Fredegunde was trying to smell the sclreggia without making it obvious.

Shortly afterwards, three o'clock came out of the tub, Fredegunde gave Chloe her new clothes and put the old ones in her ultra-dimensional warehouse, after which she would masturbate and sniff Chloe's dirty panties.

Meanwhile Fredegunde was using a cleansing and perfuming spell, because he felt guilty for having freed his bladder in the water.

(Chloe): I think it's time to eat something ...

(Alice): let's go to the guild branch in town and eat some fried food at the stalls, I love it!

(Fredegunde): I agree, now let's get dressed.

Fredegunde put on white cotton panties, a blue petticoat, blue stockings, a long dark blue dress with some embroidery suitable for a sorceress and black ankle boots.

Chloe wore pink panties, white pants and a gray shirt with black shoes, in short, ideal clothes for combat, since she wanted to look like a simple warrior.

Alice put on her black lingerie and put on her light armor.

(Fredegunde): are we ready to go?

(Alice): I'm ready, let's hurry that I'm hungry!

(Chloe): I'm ready too.

(Chloe'mind '): I have to go to the bathroom ... I hope there is a normal magic bath in the guild, I don't want to go to a chamber pot ...

The three girls came out of the inn and began to go to the city, while they walked, however, Fredegunde perceived 2 presences that preached her, at first she pretended nothing, but after a while she telepathically communicated the situation to the others without making them scared too much, when they passed in the middle of a darker and narrower path, 2 arrows sanctified at very high speed were fired at the heads of Chloe and Fredegunde, but were easily intercepted by the magic barrier of the archmage and fell to the ground.

Alice and Chloe ancge if they had been warned they jumped out of fear, Chloe also felt a familiar warmth in her panties and a dribble of urine slightly stained her white pants making the pink panties slightly visible for transparency.

A tall, intimidating woman with a fairy on her shoulder showed herself.

(Helen): I seem to have underestimated demons!

(Fredegunde): demons? Will it be the work of the Duchess? Who is this woman? It was too quick to find us!

(Fredegunde): I don't know who you are, but I'm not a demon and neither are my companions, I hope we won't have to fight, if you try to hurt us, I won't refrain from seriously injuring you or killing you!

(Helen): Do you think she's not prepared for demons? You are evil beings who can only tell lies, if you do not try not to be one of them I will not rest until your head is attached to your neck!

A dark glow was released by helen and a nefarious aura could now be felt in the air.

(Fredegunde): Chloe! Alice! Run away, this woman is strong ...

~ psshhh ~

~ pssssssss ~

The murderous intent was frighteningly strong, enough to make Chloe and Alice get slightly wet and they immediately ran towards the city.

As soon as Helen saw that the two women were fleeing, she snapped with her sword drawn in their direction, but Fredegunde threw a thunderbolt that temporarily paralyzed Helen, unfortunately even the little Sybilla was struck and even if she had an almost empty bladder she lost a little urine by moistening her shoulder of the bounty hunter, who as soon as she noticed it immediately put a hand between her legs, but unfortunately she could not hold back and a jet of 2 seconds wet her panties.

Fredegunde who saw Helen's expression and her hand smiled broadly.

(Fredegunde): Looks like someone is about to have an accident!

Helen blushed slightly and felt even more hatred of Fredegunde.

(Helen'mind '): fuck this stupid fairy!

(Sybille): I'm sorry, that lightning made me totally lose ...

(Helen): princess doesn't matter, but now get off my shoulder and wait for me to finish the fight safely on a tree, demon! Now I'll let you experience what fear is!

Helen rushed towards Fredegunde, and with her sword she cut horizontally, also cutting down 2 trees, however Fredegunde had managed to dodge and move up thanks to the magic of flight.

But Helen wasted no time, jumped up and with a swing cut Fredegunde's long skirt in half with her legs open at the time and exposing her blue panties, Fredegunde was not injured but a terror made her shiver down her spine and released a good part of the now full bladder and some slightly wet fart, the urine also splashed in the face of Helen who had now landed and had a beautiful view of Fredegunde's panties.

~ ppsshhrt ~

~ pssssssssshhh ~

~ rrrllbt ~

~ splash ~

(Helen): fuck you demon! Bitch! Don't piss in my face, you're disgusting!

Fredegunde blushed slightly but was too scared to think about her accidents.

(Fredegunde'mind '): this woman has a lot more fighting experience than me!

Fredegunde did not have much experience of fighting against other people but Helen had had many fights and risking her life, she had developed many strategies against wizards and knew how to deal with them.

(Helen): a demon rarely gets wet ... do you happen to have any disease? Or are you just a little girl?

Fredegunde blushed

(Fredegunde): I'm not a demon! And I have no disease, I got wet because you almost killed me!

Fredegunde was now flying in the air higher than the trees and not remembering that Helen was also an arch-archer

(Helen'mind '): I must take her by surprise!

@@Helen threw a fireball, but Fredegunde was not frightened in the least given the little power that the sphere emanated, then she raised a simple magic barrier, Helen then with a lightning movement pulled out the bow and fired dozens of sanctified arrows on the barrier of Fredegunde, Fredegunde was taken by surprise, an arrow passed through the barrier and hit her on the shoulder, in surprise and pain Fredegunde released the rest of the bladder warming the panties that dripped on the ground, Fredegunde immediately began to further strengthen the barrier and heal his shoulder, but suddenly Helen threw a smoke bomb, took some knives and started throwing them at the position of Fredegunde, the knives were stopped by the barrier, then a disproportionate amount of arrows began to hit the barrier of Fredegunde, who cast a spell to sweep away the smoke, but Helen was no longer there, she had jumped over the top of the trees ancge thanks to the magic and now yes he was higher than the archmage, swooping down on her with his sword drawn and ready to kill, Fredegunde didn't realize it until he saw the sword one step away from his face.

(Helen'mind '): I won!

Fredegunde stopped time and moved quickly with the magic of flight.

Helen kept moving for less than a second and then stopped in midair, thanks to her great physical abilities she could understand that she was in a state of inability to move but did not understand well what was happening around her.

~ Frrrtt ~

~ Flrrrt ~

~ Pruush ~

~ Pfffftt ~

~ Pssssssssshhh ~

Due to the fear and the effects of the blockage of time Fredegunde released her bowels and bladder, she had ruined a new pair of panties but she didn't care much, and since she was now more peaceful but still full of adrenaline, thinking about the small loss of the woman who she had almost killed her and even with the sagging load that was dripping from her panties, she got very excited, she didn't like it very much when she was messing on her, but this time she didn't care.

Fredegunde took off his underpants and emptied them thoroughly, then cleaned them, dried them and perfumed them, they were still visibly dirty but the smell could not be felt and then inserted them in the ultra-dimensional warehouse.

Then an idea came to her, she brought herself back to earth and the bounty hunter, with a powerful magic, made Helen fall asleep and later made the passage of time go, put Helen lying down, put on the magic panties nicknamed cursed panties she had bought in the morning at a stall for 2 gold coins and now he wanted to test them, he put them on and a grin crept into her face, immediately understood how to use them, went to the woman and touched her, then completely released the urine in her bladder, but she did not feel any sensation of humidity on her pussy, instead after a few seconds Helen lost control, getting wet, you could feel the flow of the pee while a huge puddle of urine was forming around her lower back, it almost reached her head because the ground Once saturated, he was unable to absorb Helen's bladder.

Helen's bladder was filled by Fredegunde's bladder thanks to the effect of the cursed panties probably created by some pervert, the panties did not simply empty the bladder and the bowels of one person to another, but multiplied the amount of pee 10 times the original one and of poop or gas 3 times the initial one, as contraindications they had only that if physical contact between the two people was lost while emptying one or both ends of the one who wore the cursed panties, this would have become incontinent for at least a week and even afterwards he would have permanently had a very weak bladder or bowel (depending on the type of release stopped), however Fredegunde was unaware of this.

(Fredegunde'mind '): only 2 gold coins ... this item is worth a fortune ...

After Fredegunde went to the bounty hunter, removed her urine-smelling armor, took off her pants and showed off her panties, had the gusset completely wet for the accident before, Fredegunde got excited and started to smell the Helen's urine, then grabbed the bounty hunter's wet panties and with all her might gave her a good shot, then she realized the situation and that what she was doing would not prevent the bounty hunter from killing her, then she decided to overwrite her memories of the last few hours, making her believe she killed Princess Chloe and the archmage Fredegunde after a hard fight.

Then Fredegunde cast destruction spells in the area around to make Helen's false memories credible and eventually the archmage left leaving Helen half naked in her urine, forgetting the presence of the fairy there.

As she walked, Fredegunde felt a little guilty, because she believed that the bounty hunter was a strong and not evil warrior and that therefore he had given her an unworthy treatment, but when she thought that she wanted to kill Chloe and herself, she decided that if he deserved it and that next time he would ascertain whether or not the attacker was a demon.

(Fredegunde'mind '): there was little lack ... I underestimated her, she was very good in the fight, I hope that next time she won't have to resort to the time block ...

Meanwhile Sybille who had seen everything, tried to wake Helen but in vain, she wasn't very nice, but she didn't want to let her sleep in that state, she also had the impression that she would pee and did not want Helen to scold her again, but unfortunately the Fredegunde's magic was too strong to be canceled by Sybille's and therefore the fairy surrendered and decided to lie down on a branch while waiting for her partner to awaken.

Fredegunde joined Chloe and Alice at the entrance to the city, both of them wearing wet trousers, they must have been very scared of the bounty hunter.

(Fredegunde): girls, we don't have time to eat, sorry but now we have to become an adventurer and travel to another city, we can't stay long, Alice! I ask you to help us for now and then if you want you can separate from us, I don't want to force you to stay in your group .... after all that bounty hunter is looking for us and not you!

(Alice): I want to stay with you, you are now my friends!

(Chloe): You don't have to do it! ... although I think I would be happy to stay by your side ...

Chloe and Alice blush

(Fredegunde): okay now let's go!

(Alice and Chloe): yes!

(Chloe): How did you get away from that scary woman anyway?

(Alice): what did he want from you anyway?

Fredegunde, who was now expecting this question, was about to tell a false version of their story, but Chloe spoke first.

(Chloe): I think if we stay by Alice's side, we'll have to tell her the truth!

(Fredegunde): I think ... okay, if you're sure about this ... I think we can trust her ...

Fredegunde and Chloe told what had happened in the past two days and Fredegunde explained how he had defeated Helen, omitting how he had fun with her.

(Alice): what happened to you is terrible ... I promise not to talk about it with anyone ... and wow, I was sure you were powerful but I couldn't imagine that you were the archmage and that I could teleport you, you are fantastic! And you Chloe ... sorry if I made fun of you first, I didn't know anything about what you went through and I didn't know you were the heir to the throne ...

(Fredegunde): thank you but I don't deserve your praise, I only acted for myself, Chloe is the only person I have left ...

(Chloe): the same for me ... I lied to you initially ... sorry ... and then ... don't call me princess or anything else, call me Chloe, we are adventure companions now!

(Alice): girls, thank you for trusting me, now let's do this test, I wait without being able to join the group!

(Fredegunde): ok let's go!

End of the ninth chapter.

Chapter 10: the exam:

As they reached the branch of the adventurers guild, Fredegunde gave cookies and dried meat to the others because they were hungry and then covered their wet pants with the magic of illusion, the skirt of Fredegunde's robe was cut in half, but she did not change , she was excited to walk in that condition, after the last events her shyness had almost vanished, she still wore the cursed panties and could not wait to find some unpleasant woman to embarrass.

(Alice): Here we are, we are in front of the guild building.

(Fredegunde): let's go inside.

The guild of this small town adopted the classic guild building scheme from around the world, was made up of 5 floors, 3 of them raised:

@@at the first there was the reception, the walls with the missions and the assignments that the adventurers could choose, there was a small shop with basic equipment and a room with sofas and tables, sitting at the tables there were always adventurers at talk or discuss assignments.

On the second floor there were the rooms intended for the upper class adventurers and on the third floor there was the office of the guild master and the interview room, which was rarely used.

And then there were the 2 underground floors:

On the first underground floor there was the interrogation room and the prison of the adventurers guild, on the second underground floor there was the guild deposit, with inside it magical objects, weapons and armor left by the adventurers or stolen from the criminals, these things were needed only in emergencies, finally there was the vault, intended for adventurers who preferred to keep their money safe by paying a simple fee, the vault was a deposit with a large amount of money, usually more than a thousand gold coins, the adventurers who had deposited their money could withdraw them thanks to their membership cards to the guild and in case of loss with a magical verification of their identity.

To enter, a two-door wooden door had to be entered, the first to enter was Alice, followed by Chloe and Fredegunde, as soon as all the adventurers entered, they observed the girls, commenting on their appearance, what they could be and speculating on the reason of their entry, Alice was accustomed to this behavior but Chloe and Fredegunde were not ready to receive all the looks and therefore they felt very anxious and upset, they went on looking at Alice's back.

(Alice): come on!

(Fredegunde and Chloe): yes!

(Adventurer): who are these people?

(Adventurer): probably aspired members ...

(Adventurer): in this case they happen badly ... today there is that person ...

(Adventurer): you mean the guild master?

(Adventurer): yes ... because of her I had to postpone my exam, it's too severe ...

(Adventurer): do you think they are beginners?

(Adventurer): I think so ...

(Adventurer): look at those girls, they are too young ... they look like two warriors, one seems novice but the other gives the idea of an expert ...

(Adventurer): you're right, looking at her well she seems strong, maybe even more than you!

(Adventurer): jokes right? She is only a child ... look at the third one instead, she has a small body and is short in stature, she doesn't have a stick but she is probably a sorceress ... but why does she have her skirt cut in that way?

(Adventurer): now that you point it out it's strange, will he have fought before coming here?

The girls walked to the reception

(Receptionist): hi, how can I assist you?

(Alice): hello, my friends wanted to try the admission test.

(Receptionist): ehmmm, do you know that today there is that person to perform the practical test of strength and attack magic?

(Alice): Really! Maybe it would be better to try tomorrow ... no we don't have time ... anyway I don't think we'll have problems, my friends are strong.

(Receptionist): okay, at your own risk, sit at that table, I will send you to call as soon as the test is ready.

(Alice): come girls, let's sit there.

(Fredegunde and Chloe): ok.

(Fredegunde): How long do you think it will take?

(Chloe): don't be in a hurry, big sister, after all you defeated that woman and her fairy and then erased her memory right?

(Fredegunde): yes you're right but I'm anxious anyway ... wait what did you say?

(Alice): she said that you have defeated that frightening woman and her fairy and that therefore we can be calm for now.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I completely forgot about that fairy!

(Fredegunde): girls, sorry but I think I made a mistake, I did nothing against the fairy, she disappeared and did not take part in the battle and therefore I completely forgot her, the sleep spell lasts a whole day but against that woman it could last less, maybe even half, we must leave the city quickly ...

(Chloe): big sister don't apologize, I too had forgotten about it until recently, also I believe that if that woman were to hang up on you you would definitely defeat her!

(Alice): Chloe is right, after all you are the archimage!

(Fredegunde): don't shout, we must preserve our identities!

(Alice): you're right, sorry!

(Chloe): while we wait can you give me some water sister?

(Fredegunde): ok!

Fredegunde took a glass from the ultra-dimensional warehouse, filled it with water with magic and handed it to Chloe.

(Chloe): thank you, I was thirsty.

(Alice'mind '): seeing Chloe drinking makes me feel slightly the need to go to the bathroom ... I also feel a little gas in the bowels, maybe I should release a little to ease the pressure ...

Alice wanted to pass the wind but was not sure, in the end she rejected the idea, she could have found a place suited to the act but the guild bathroom had a long tail since it was one of the few bathrooms in the city and she could not go to the outside because shortly thereafter her friends would be called and she wanted to assist them.

About ten minutes passed and the receptionist came to call the girls.

(Receptionist): the guild master is waiting for you in the courtyard!

(Alice): come on!

(Fredegunde and Chloe): yes!

~ pooft ~

As soon as they got up Alice farted accidentally and blushed slightly.

Fredegunde who noticed it smiled maliciously but said nothing.

(Alice): girls I have to warn you that the guild master is a severe woman, she will probably do everything to put you in difficulty, she was also my examiner and I finished the test with a lower score because ... because I got wet trousers...

Alice blushed slightly thinking about how she got wet, initially she didn't have to go but a few seconds later she was bursting, while sparring with the guild master, she probably realized that Alice had to go and hit her right in the bladder, causing her release.

Fredegunde smiled at the mention of Alice's accident, while Chloe was sorry for her friend.

(Chloe): poor Alice, I guess they made fun of you later ...

(Alice): no, nobody has seen me except the guild master.

The girls arrive in the courtyard, there were 2 free chairs and one occupied where the guild master sat.

The guild master was a woman who instilled fear and respect at first sight, she was probably twenty-five years old, had silvery hair and golden right eye, now she wore a black jacket and a short skirt, pantyhose and a pair of black boots, had a bandage on the left eye and two scars on the face, he had his legs crossed so that if you looked closely you could see the panties, Fredegunde noticed them and thought they looked similar to his damn panties, he thought it was a confidence.

(Guild master): good afternoon to all of you and best wishes for the exam, I am the guild master, but if you attract me in any way during the test I will allow you to call me Margaret, hello my little Alice, sorry but I would like to be alone with the likely new recruits.

(Alice): I'm going, see you later girls!

Alice blessed herself for her luck and ran to line up for the guild bathroom.

(Margaret): the first test is a test on your physical form, it is used to see if you are ready to carry loads during your travels and also to see if you can lift a companion in case of his injury or danger, so you just have to lift this backpack, easy isn't it?

The guild master took a backpack near her with her little finger and twirled it in the air and put it on the ground.

(Fredegunde'mind '): that backpack looks enchanted with a heaviness spell, I think I won't be able to lift it if I don't use magic ...

(Chloe): is it filled with weights? It looks light enough ...

(Margaret): who knows, why don't you try to lift it, you'll be the first, what's your name as a girl?

(Chloe): my name is Chloe, I hope to pass the exam and become an adventurer, also in the future I aspire to become a paladin!

(Margaret): oh, I'm glad you have clear ideas, I've known many champions in my life, and one of them had a monstrous strength, it's a pleasure to meet you Chloe.

Margaret gave her hand to Chloe, Chloe took it and at that moment, after the guild master smiled, Chloe instantly crossed her legs, she had felt her bladder filling up quickly and for this reason she felt the urge to stop, but she still didn't have to go bad.

(Margaret): oh poor girl, you have to go right? I'm sure you will finish the exam in time, now show me your strength and lift your backpack.

(Chloe'mind '): my need has suddenly increased, just like Alice said, will it simply be anxiety?

(Fredegunde'mind '): I wonder if this woman is not wearing just what I am wearing at the moment, it is interesting ... maybe she also bought them at a stall, or maybe she was the one who created them ... who knows how long you have had fun, I remember Alice said she had a sudden urge to pee, how I envy this woman!

It could also be a coincidence, after all Chloe drank while waiting to take the exam ...

Meanwhile Chloe had grabbed the handle of the backpack and lifted it with effort.

(Margaret): congratulations! It seems that you have passed the minimum requirements to become an adventurer, do you want to try lifting more weight?

(Chloe): no I think it's my current limit, I think I'll do better in the magic test

(Margaret): Okay, so come here and fire a destruction spell on that target.

Margaret pointed to a human-sized straw and terracotta puppet.

Chloe got into position ready to cast the spell, but before shooting the magic, she had to stop for a moment and cross her legs to hold back.

Margaret smiled again.

(Margaret'mind '): I thought she would get wet already ... she has a harder than expected bladder, it's exciting ...

(Margaret): courage let me see what you are capable of, shoot!

(Chloe) yes!

Chloe concentrated the magic power and threw a simple dart of fire, the very fast dart hit the puppet instantly, once hit, the puppet exploded and the dart continued its run up to the courtyard wall, where it burst igniting the lawn and leaving a mark of explosion on the wall.

Fredegunde was surprised, she knew that Chloe was strong but did not believe enough to draw such power from a basic magic.

(Fredegunde): you were very good Chloe!

(Chloe): thank you sister!

Margaret, on the other hand, was very amazed, she didn't expect a basic spell to be cast and when she saw it she started thinking that Chloe was weak with the magic contrary to what she had said, but when she saw the damage caused by a simple basic spell she started to sweating, she was slightly scared, but also worried to see that in the future that little girl would overcome her, obviously she did not know that Chloe was already more powerful then her, unfortunately however Chloe did not know the spells to prove this.

(Margaret): really good, I don't ask you for anything else, as a magical power you are beyond class B, you don't need to ask further questions or fight directly against you, now let's examine your friend and then I will personally recommend you as a person very talented and I will put you in class B!

(Chloe): thanks!

Chloe discreetly put her hand between her legs and sat down next to Fredegunde, then went to her ear and whispered:

(Chloe): sister quickly passes the exam that I really have to go to the bathroom!

Fredegunde got slowly excited, but then pulled herself together and thought that she didn't want Chloe to humiliate herself in public.

(Fredegunde): ok leave it to me, I'll end up in a flash!

Fredegunde decided to use the high level physical enhancement on herself, to do this she had to load the magic for about 10 seconds, she wanted to pass the practical test with flying colors.

(Margaret): you seem sure of yourself, arrogance won't take you far ... you look like a fragile sorceress, sure to be able to lift this backpack?

(Fredegunde): oh you don't have to worry, make your backpack as heavy as you want, I assure you that I won't have any problems lifting it!

Margaret felt slightly offended, now she wanted to teach the sorceress a lesson, she wanted to make her wet or dirty herself, but first she wanted to show that she didn't have to joke with the guild master.

(Margaret'mind '): she feels confident with her physical enhancement, which is naive!

Margaret used gravity manipulation to make the backpack more than a hundred times heavier.

(Margaret): Let's see what you're capable of!

Fredegunde grabbed the backpack and lifted it without the slightest effort, his feet faced the ground slightly, then the archmage used gravity control as the guild leader had done before, then he twirled the backpack as she did at the beginning and at the end he threw it into the air so high that it was no longer visible to the naked eye and after less than ten seconds of loading, he launched one of the strongest destructive spells he knew, the elemental ray, as the element he chose fire, suddenly a column of fire appeared in the sky, it was probably visible miles away.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I probably exaggerated ...

(Fredegunde): I apologize but I wanted to pass the test quickly, then? I finished?

(Chloe): wow sister ... one day you have to teach me that magic ...

Margaret was now upset, wondering who these people were brought to her by little Alice, now she really wanted to do something bad, she wanted to humiliate at least the sorceress who had destroyed her prejudices.

(Margaret): Well I think you are much above class A, I think that even with you I need to fight, congratulations, here the hand.

Margaret held out her hand to Fredegunde ready to have her in a wet and messy accident.

Fredegunde also understood previously the intentions of the guild master and wanted to find out what would have happened if both had emptied their bladder into the other's bladder by multiplying the urine ten times,thanks to the cursed panties.

The two shook hands and nothing happened, both tried to release both ends but nothing happened, they pushed harder but nothing happened, after about 2 minutes of handshake Chloe interrupted them.

(Chloe): er, you could stop doing ... whatever you're doing ... I have to go to the bathroom badly badly!

(Fredegunde and Margaret): silence please!

(Chloe): come on I'm going to lose!

Chloe felt a splash of urine dip her panties and make a small patch on the white pants, then she lost her temper and went to try to separate the two by force.

(Fredegunde and Margaret): noooo!

Both suddenly stopped the release but poor Chloe had received at least a second full release of 2 women.

Suddenly Chloe slumped to the ground and ...

~ pfffffflrrrrrch ~

~ pssssssssshhh ~

~ prrooorlt ~

~ pisssssss ~

Chloe started crying, she had felt pain in her bladder never before and was now on the ground with her panties and pants completely dirty and soaked.

Both Fredegunde and Margaret felt terribly guilty and took care of helping Chloe clean up and promising that they would never talk about what had happened to her.

While Chloe was cleaning and changing herself, Fredegunde and Meredith talked and the topic of cursed panties also came up, later the two made a great friendship given their common interests.

To Chloe, the two said that they were both casting a spell that would humiliate them and that however it had continuously canceled since they both used it until they received the touch of Chloe and did not mention the cursed panties.

After about half an hour, the guild master, Fredegunde and Chloe re-entered the guild, Alice who had arrived in the bathroom in time was waiting for them, to apologize the guild master assigned in addition to Fredegunde, Chloe also a place in class A, adventurers of all the guild looked at the girls with looks of envy, but they didn't dare go against the decisions of the guild master.

(Margaret): I understand that you are in a hurry, I advise you to go east, there should be a village where strong adventurers are needed, it is an ideal place both to earn money and train in combat.

(Fredegunde): I think we will follow your advice, now let's talk that the sun is going to set, we should be entitled to some equipment to sleep outdoors right?

(Margaret): certainly.

Fredegunde put the items in the ultra-dimensional warehouse.

(Margaret): I wish you a good trip!

(Chloe): Thanks, never use that spell on anyone again!

(Alice): goodbye guild master.

(Fredegunde): Hi hello, I hope that one day we will meet again!

(Margaret): of course we will meet again, greetings and good trip!

(Chloe + Alice + Fredegunde): Goodbye!

The girls left the city.

Meanwhile in the woods Helen had not yet woken up and Sibille had made her wet several times in her sleep.

@@end of the tenth chapter!

@@this time I separated a chapter in two to get to chapter 10 and then to the second "volume" sensibly

World statistics:

@@average adult fairy (70 years old):

Magic: 20

Strength: 1

Bladder: 5

Bowel: 5

Average demon:

Magic: 25

Strength: 50

Bladder: 16

Bowel: 16

Average adult elf (100 years old):

Magic: 40

Strength: 10

Bladder: 4

Bowel: 4

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Chloe (Chlothsinda, A rank adventuress):

Magic: 200

Strength: 15 (basic) 70 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 8 (awake) 0 (sleeping)

Bowel: 8 (when awake) 8 (sleeping)

Fredegunde (the perverted A rank adventuress):

Magic: 320

Strength: 5(basic) 140 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 10(awake) 1(sleeping)

Bowel: 4(awake) 4 (sleeping)

Alice (B rank adventuress):

Magic: 0

Strength: 50

Bladder: 5(awake) 5(sleeping)

Bowel: 7(awake) 7(sleeping)

Helen (bounty hunter):

Magic: 35

Strength: 150(basic) 160(high magical boost)

Bladder: 22(awake) 16(sleeping)

Bowel: 20(awake) 14(sleeping)

Sybille (fairy princess):

Magic: 40

Strength: 1(basic) 2(high magical boost)

Bladder: 1(awake) -4(sleeping)

Bowel: 8(awake) 5(sleeping)

Margaret (Guild master,creator of the cursed panties)

Magic: 160

Strength: 100(basic) 120(high magical boost)

Bladder: 8(awake) 3(sleeping)

Bowel: 6(awake) 7(sleeping)

Statistical info:

@@if the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

@@if the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

@@strength (basic) means without magic upgrade!

If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks!

*018*2020-01-11 23:25

Sorry for the wait!

Translated with Google Translate from Italian, enjoy the reading!

Volume 2 chapter 1, the wood elf:

Fredegunde, Chloe and Alice had left the town and were now heading east towards a village where they could earn money and train, they were on the paved path used by the carriages, it was going to be night but Alice continued to insist on going ahead on the pathway.

(Alice): girls, we keep walking, we have nothing to fear, the path is a safe area, I know the way because I have done it several times by solar and now I have 2 class A wizards with me, nothing can stop us .

(Chloe): I'm hungry!

(Fredegunde): I too am starting to get hungry, after all it is dinner time, I have the spare rations and the necessary to make one in the camp so it is useless to continue further!

(Alice): okay, but I thought you would be able to take a few more steps, if you want to camp, not on the road, it is made for those who, unlike you, want to go on.

(Fredegunde): where do you want to camp then?

(Alice): we will camp at least 100 meters (328 ft) away from the road!

(Chloe): why so far away? There is no point in going so far! We will only be subject to enemy attacks!

(Alice): well I want to be alone in the woods when I have to pee and I don't want to get too far from the tent, so either use some magic to make a bathroom appear or you go to the woods!

Alice looked at Fredegunde with sweet eyes hoping that she would take a bath to lighten up.

(Fredegunde): I'm not going to please a capricious little girl, however I also want my privacy and therefore I agree on going to the woods to pitch the tent.

In reality Fredegunde wanted to masturbate thinking about all the accidents she had witnessed, she was excited and she wanted to release the stress at all costs.

Chloe was the only one who wanted to stay near the road, it was her first night in the open and she was very afraid of the creatures she had read were in the woods, especially of demons and werewolves, obviously even insects terrified her.

(Chloe): So we camp in the woods?

(Fredegunde + Alice): yes!

(Chloe): ... okay ...

(Alice): are you afraid baby Chloe? Don't worry I'll protect you!

(Chloe): Thanks Alice but I'll be fine.

The girls left the road and continued until a strange red symbol painted on a tree, ignored it and passed on, after a while they stopped and finally camped.

With the help of Fredegunde and his magic and with Alice's knowledge, in a short time they had set up the tent, lit the fire and arranged the trunks to sit around it, began to eat, drink and chat happily.

(Alice): So does Chloe wet the bed often?

(Fredegunde): from what he told me it would seem so ...

Chloe blushed intensely

(Chloe): big sister, you too wet the bed and you ...

Chloe stopped before further embarrassing Fredegunde.

(Fredegunde): It only happened because I had to drink a lot of potions to save you!

Fredegunde lied.

(Chloe): you're right sorry ...

(Alice): I don't believe it, did you really wet the bed? hahahahahaha and you should be an adult sorceress ahahahahaha ... sorry ...

Alice could not help laughing at the image of the archimage who was bathing herself but then she realized that she was exaggerating and gave herself a demeanor, to then realize a wet sensation around her pussy, she had lost a direct click in the her panties, nobody could notice, however Alice felt embarrassed and blushed accordingly.

(Fredegunde): Are you kidding me? Just you who peed in the tub where we bathed and who passed the gas in the guild of adventurers

Alice blushed again.

(Alice): Chloe allowed me and anyway how do you know? When I made it you were not present ...

(Fredegunde): Well after all I'm a sorceress, and I won't reveal my tricks to a little girl!

(Fredegunde'mind '): I was actually simply invisible at the time.

(Chloe): okay girls, just talk about accidents, I don't want to think about it today!

(Fredegunde + Alice) ok ...

After talking about other topics, the girls started to feel cold and then they went to the tent, undressed remaining alone in underwear and entered the sleeping bags, as soon as she felt the sensation of softness around herself, Chloe fell asleep.

(Alice): then which of us will be on guard first?

(Fredegunde): I'll take care of it, don't worry.

(Alice): ok but when you are sleepy wake up that I will take your place.

(Fredegunde): okay, goodnight!

After a few minutes Alice fell asleep.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I can finally have fun!

Fredegunde immediately launched the magic of sleep on Alice and Chloe, checking the temperature he wrapped himself with a blanket of heated air, put on his clothes and then came out of the tent and created a strong magic barrier that would keep out almost any being, also if the barrier was hit, Fredegunde would have known and could have stopped what he was doing to go back.

After making the necessary preparations, Fredegunde used the magic of flight and went to find a place to touch herself full of pleasure without anyone seeing or hearing her.

After almost half an hour she found a cliff that she liked, dissolved the flying magic, stripped naked also removing the cursed panties and then took a pair of Chloe's heavily yellowed panties, initially she began to rub herself thinking about the accidents and sniffing the panties of Chloe then decided to insert the panties into her femininity which, being wet with a sweet sticky liquid, in turn moistened the panties.

The archmage began to pinch her clitoris moaning in pure excitement, eventually forced her bladder to empty completely, further drenching Chloe's dirty panties, at that moment she felt that she was about to come, she wanted to enjoy her orgasm to the maximum and then I begin to rub her throbbing pussy violently with her urine-soaked panties, when she reached the climax she thought she was at the peak of pleasure and burst directly into Chloe's panties releasing even a small fart now being completely relaxed.

~ frrrrt ~

After about 3 minutes Fredegunde recovered, his forehead was sweaty and still breathing heavily, it was certainly one of his best orgasms, he decided however that he still had not enough and then after a while he started masturbating again.

Meanwhile, near the camp ...

(Elf of the woods'mind '): who is who entered my territory without my permission? Anyone who has been deserves punishment, however the magic barrier they made is really strong, if I were not a genius in the creation of potions I could never break it, even with my strongest potions I can only scratch it slowly, probably if I only touch it , I will trigger some alarms, I have to prepare a top-level potion and destroy the barrier with one shot and without anyone noticing, after all if someone makes a barrier so thick, I don't think he is worried about any attacks ...

Adallinda he was an elf of the woods, he was 80 years old which for an elf meant having just come of age, light blue eyes and amber hair, he always wore green clothes, panties, skirt, socks, sweater and shoes, green was his favorite color, for her choice lived alone in the woods terrifying adventurers thanks to her ability to compose potions, she was really good, she didn't trust anyone, especially the humans who hated more than demons because they had destroyed and burned her village, killing her father and imprisoning her mother, she preferred demons to humans but did not kill them for this, she was a good-hearted alpha even if she liked to believe otherwise.

While Fredegunde continues his masturbation sessions, the elf had prepared the potion, used very rare ingredients to make it and probably will never find similar rarity again, but the price of his honor to defend the territory was higher than that of some very rare ingredients he hoped at least to steal from invaders of valuables.

The wood elf spilled the potion right on the barrier, which disappeared instantly.

(Adallinda'mind '): well, I have to be careful not to wake anyone up.

The elf arrived near the tent where the girls slept deeply, the elf in order to avoid waking up anyone who was in the tent, decided to overthrow an ampoule of sleeping pill capable of sleeping a mountain troll for at least half a day and after 5 minutes she put on a mask so as not to breathe the sleeping pill and entered the tent, Alice and Chloe slept with their mouths open in their sleeping bags.

(Adallinda'mind ') how is it possible ... there are only human girls ... they could not have made that barrier for them, it is certainly a trap, even if these two seem defenseless currently and also I see an empty sleeping bag ... with whom are these two girls traveling ...

I think I should have some fun with them so maybe next time they won't stop to sleep in my area.

The wood elf approached Alice, took a dangerous looking bottle with [little fun use, too much deadly use] written on it, then opened the cap, taking care not to inhale even a little of that thing, then put it under the Alice's nose and waited.

In her dreams Alice was stocking up on a wealthy merchant but suddenly they were attacked by bandits, Alice was fighting when suddenly she felt a sudden urge to pee, so she decided to get serious and knock out all the bandits faster that he could, and in the end, after the merchant's thanks, he apologized for the bathroom, couldn't stand it any longer, crouched, lifted his skirt, put his panties aside and released all the urine he had inside while making a satisfied face.

Even in the real world Alice made an expression of total bliss and a hissing sound that could be heard, seemed to come from her sleeping bag.

~ hisssssssssssssss ~

(Adallinda'mind '): good girl! It was faster than expected, now it's up to the other.

But while Adallinda with a grin on her face approached little Chloe ...

~ pssssssssshhh ~

~ hissssssssssssssssssssss ~

Even Chloe had emptied her bladder because of the dream, but she was having a nightmare in fact unlike Alice she had a suffering face.

(Adallinda'mind '): here someone had to go really ... unexpected ... but ok, I think I enjoyed it enough, I don't want to go any further, I'm just little girls ...

Maybe the third one is the leader of the group, maybe it's her fault that these little girls are alone in my territory, I think this person deserves a lesson!

Adallinda snickers, first decided to leave a surprise to the person who would enter the third sleeping bag, undressed completely and went naked into the sleeping bag, once inside she released her bladder.

~ hissssssssss ~

It didn't have to go so the flow didn't last long, but just long enough to leave a nice wet spot on Fredegunde's sleeping bag.

Satisfied Adallinda went out, dried herself with the soft pillow of the sleeping bag and satisfied left the tent, she would have liked to see the reaction of whoever was the owner of the sleeping bag and also of the girls the next morning, but she was afraid of who had thrown a similar barrier and then ran away to his house in the trunk of a large tree, he wanted to wake up early the next morning to go and see the face of his third invader.

Fredegunde after coming for the sixth time was tired and wanted to go back to the tent and sleep, got rid of Chloe's unrecoverable panties hoping that she wouldn't remember, cleaned herself with the cleaning spell and got dressed, returned to flight at camp and did not even realize that his barrier was gone, entered the tent smelled a strong smell of urine, thought that Chloe had an accident and got a little excited but was too sleepy, he went into his sack to fur with all the long dress with the skirt still cut in half and without panties, did not notice the joke of the alpha and fell asleep instantly as soon as he rested his head on the pillow.

At dawn the elf woke up, had to pee, went outside, took off his green underpants and released his bladder, then changed his clothes, putting on a green blouse, green panties, green skirt, green socks, then went sneaking at the girls' camp, curious to see their reaction but when he got there he saw a bear next to the tent, he didn't want to help humans but he felt guilty for using the sleeping pill, then he took an ampoule and prepared to throw it, but before he could throw it lightning struck the bear that fell to the ground charred.

(Fredegunde'mind '): it's strange ... I thought I had created a barrier ... I don't think this hour managed to break it, then if it hit it I would have noticed ... what a mystery .. . well, luckily it was only a bear!

I got wet while I was sleeping ... I have to change before the girls wake up.

Fredegunde came out of the tent still with her yesterday's dress, undressed completely showing that she didn't have panties on, then took a dress like the one she had before from the ultra-dimensional warehouse, only purple and a little more elaborate and some linen intimate purple put the old clothes in the warehouse, took the sleeping bag from the tent and put it to dry on a tree next to it, did not use magic because he believed he was too dependent on it.

(Adallinda'mind '): that is the third person therefore, the lightning that launched was quite powerful, certain that his clothes were really soaked ... I think that in addition to my little joke she pissed on herself also, hehehe who knows what kind of people they are, they are all women, will they be merchants?

That woman used a filing spell which if I'm not mistaken is very advanced magic ...

Fredegunde had sat on a log and was drinking water while eating a cream biscuit bought the day before, only thinking back to the day before she blushed deeply.

After eating he recreated the barrier just for safety and went back to the tent deciding to try to sleep a little more since he was sleepy.

The elf saw Fredegunde cast a spell but did not understand what she did so she remained quiet and went back to waiting for the other girls to come out because she wanted to see the effects of her trick, but the girls had received over the Fredegunde spell also her potion of sleep and therefore slept soundly.

(Adallinda'mind '): almost an hour has passed, these humans are just sleepyheads ... I got tired of waiting, I will go back to my house, I hope they will leave my broken territory!

Adallinda took a few steps before colliding against the Fredegunde flag, it was like hitting a wall.

(Adallinda): it hurts!

(Adallinda'mind '): I don't believe it, that spell was another magic barrier ... now as I do, I'm stuck and I can't break it in one fell swoop, if breaking it slowly the human would probably notice it. .. I have no other choice, I can't allow myself to be trapped in my own territory!

Adallinda took more ampoules and emptied them on the magic barrier, unfortunately it did not have the effect she hoped for, the barrier did not dissipate as easily as the first time.

(Adallinda'mind '): damned sorceress! Now how can I do? Well there is no evidence that it was I who made those girls wet, I just have to say I was trapped in here by mistake ... but how annoying, it is humiliating that she was locked up in my own territory ... I should take revenge!

Adallinda went to the girls' tent again, threw again a vial of sleeping liquid and then went inside.

(Fredegunde): who are you and what do you think you're doing?

~ brrr ~

Fredegunde as soon as he saw the sleeping vial crashing at the entrance of the tent he promptly sealed it in an air bubble, preventing the sleeping pill from taking effect.

At Fredegunde's words, the elf was frightened and released a fart not expecting anyone to stop his stealth attack.

(Adallinda'mind '): it didn't take, I was discovered!

Without saying a word, Adallinda ran away.

(Fredegunde): where do you think you're going?

Fredegunde used a spell to sprout vines from the ground that bound the elf, Adallinda was trying to take vials from the bag but the vines held her still.

(Adallinda): set me free! This is my territory, free me otherwise you will pay me!

(Fredegunde): I don't care! You can't enter our tent and throw strange potions!

Explain to me what you thought you were doing and after you have calmed down maybe I will free you!

(Adallinda): I don't owe you any explanation, free me immediately human!

(Fredegunde): do I have to investigate with magic? I assure you that if I see that you had bad intentions you will not get away easily!

(Adallinda'mind '): it's bad, if she finds out that I wanted to poop her and if she also finds out my joke tonight she could hurt me, she is a powerful sorceress I have no hope of running away, I don't have to let her discover anything!

(Adallinda): okay, I'll confess! Don't get into my head please!

(Fredegunde): so we reason, then tell me why you threw that potion and what you wanted to do.

Fredegunde had the vines withdrawn, freeing Adallinda.

(Adallinda): my name is Adallinda and this is my territory, it is written everywhere, there are elven runes on every tree.

I just wanted to fall asleep and make you have a bad dream to make you go away, I wasn't going to hurt you, moreover you locked me in this magic barrier!

They had never humiliated me in this way ... an elf of the woods closed in a magical barrier made by strangers within its territory ... recognize your faults!

Also how can you leave little girls alone in a tent at night!

(Fredegunde): how did you say?

(Adallinda'mind '): heck, I cheated on myself!

(Fredegunde): So you broke my barrier tonight? And also without realizing it ... you're dangerous!

Fredegunde rewound Adallinda's body with lianas

(Fredegunde'mind '): I have to read her mind, I don't care about her privacy, I have to find out who this elf is and what she really wanted to do.

(Adallinda'mind '): my life is over ... if this sorceress finds out that I pissed on her bed and that I was about to have her and her friends have a messy accident, she will kill me.

Fredegunde read Adallinda's mind and smiled maliciously.

(Fredegunde): I found out what your intentions were, I have to admit that I wasn't expecting something ... similar ... now I think you deserve punishment!

(Adallinda'mind '): what will happen to me now?

(Adallinda) what do you mean by ... punishment?

Will you spare my life?

(Fredegunde): why should I kill you? The only dangerous thing you did was to destroy the barrier without thinking about the consequences, I liked all the rest of what you did ... however I will punish you anyway, first I have to make sure that the my friends don't disturb us for at least an hour.

Fredegunde intensified Chloe and Alice's sleep, then began to undress, Adallinda tried to look away but could not help looking at Fredegunde.

(Fredegunde): do you like what you see?

Fredegunde said now naked.

(Adallinda'mind '): yes! A lot!

(Adallinda): Could you get dressed? It embarrasses me to see your human body naked!

Adallinda had never seen a naked human, neither a man nor a woman, she was getting excited, her femininity was wet and she was blushing slightly while looking at Fredegunde's breasts and pussy.

(Fredegunde): even if it embarrasses you, you can't take your eyes off it?

(Adallinda) ...

(Fredegunde): you seem to like having others have an accident in their pants, let's see if you also like to get wet against your will!

(Adallinda): what do you mean? I don't understand ... what do you want to do to me?

Fredegunde put on her cursed panties and drank a magically created diuretic strong, then went to Adallinda, raised the front of her skirt, exposing her green panties.

(Adallinda): what do you want to do to me? This behavior is not allowed!

(Adallinda'mind '): I really wouldn't mind masturbating now, if this woman did I would feel satisfied, is this her punishment? And why did you change your panties?

Adallinda had never had sex with elves because she hadn't seen any in the last thirty years or with humans because she hated them, but Adallinda was convinced that she only liked women, she had nothing against men but she had always dreamed of a romantic relationship with a woman and now Fredegunde was really attracting her.

Fredegunde didn't want to go too far, but now she was getting excited too.

Suddenly, however, he doubled over and put a hand between his legs and tried to restrain himself by jumping on the spot.

(Fredegunde'mind '): the diuretic is beginning to take effect ...

(Adallinda): are you okay? Maybe you have to go and water the plants?

(Fredegunde): no, what about you?

(Adallinda): why do you ask me?

(Fredegunde): just to know ...

Fredegunde decided to start having fun, he was enjoying himself and he still didn't want to let go, however he really wanted to see the elf writhing too so he slowly approached her with a smile on his lips and a mischievous twinkle in his eyes, he put his hand under her skirt and began to rise to her femininity which touched gently, then went up again to her bladder, a moment before it was almost empty and 10 seconds later she was about to burst, Fredegunde had let herself go in the cursed panties.

To which Adallinda started, emitting a sweet cry and unable to restrain herself, she lost a spray that made her green panties wet making Fredegunde notice that she smiled smugly.

(Fredegunde): I thought you didn't need to go ...

(Adallinda): what have you done to me as a witch?

(Fredegunde): the same thing you did with my friend, I will make you wet on your own.

(Adallinda): I lost a little just by surprise, it won't happen again!

Fredegunde saw that Adallinda was trying to cross her legs, and then with the screws she made the elf fear more tightly.

(Fredegunde): I will not allow you to hold back, a wet future awaits you, sooner or later you will have to piss whether you want it or not, it is only a matter of time.

(Adallinda'mind '): if he were to reuse that magic I could completely lose control, I must admit that it is quite pleasant, the wet feeling in the panties tickles my pussy and the full bladder makes me feel excited, it seems that this woman too has to piss , it is an almost orgasmic sensation.

Fredegunde was again feeling the effects of the diuretic, she was excited and this helped her to restrain herself, she wanted to make the elf get wet and then laugh at her, so she decided to add difficulty to the alpha's keeping.

The archimage approached and lifted her skirt, her panties had not suffered further damage, Fredegunde was a little disappointed and fascinated by the elf, then decided to make Adalinda get up in a lying position, exploded her belly giving a hit also to the her breast and then looked at her abdomen, there was a slight swelling, her bladder was full but the elf was holding back even if a little trembling.

(Fredegunde'mind '): she is so pretty!

(Adallinda): what do you want to do to me now?

(Fredegunde): since I see you have to go I will help you let go, however if you knew that I will not let you go until you get wet then you could give in immediately, for this I promise you that if you do not get completely wet in the next 10 minutes I will let you go .

(Adallinda): how do I know you're not lying?

(Fredegunde): I swear on my name, that of Fredegunde the archimage!

(Adallinda'mind '): archimage! Wow, it could be a bluff, but if it were the archmage maybe this could be a meeting decided by fate ...

(Adallinda): I think you are lying but I want to trust! In any case, I have no other choice.

(Fredegunde): well, I'm happy, but I assure you that I will make you lose my dear little elf.

(Adallinda): what do you mean?

(Fredegunde): Well I will tickle you, try not to miss ...

Fredegunde decided to bear the pressure of the bladder with Adallinda, she didn't want to use her panties to make her lose, she really wanted to have fun.

She reached the elf on her side and began to caress the swelling of the bladder, putting more and more pressure.

(Adallinda'mind '): I feel like I'm about to burst, it's so pleasant though!

(Fredegunde): You seem to like it ...

(Adallinda): mmmhhhh ahhhhhh

(Fredegunde'mind '): I didn't expect it to be pleasant...

Fredegunde then decided to try another stratagem, continued to gently caress Adallinda's bladder and when she least expected it she let loose by tickling her on both armpits and then on her thighs.

(Adallinda): ahahahahahaha, stop !I'm going to wet myself!, Ahahaha, PleaseStopIt!

Adallinda was trying to restrain herself but could not move because of the lianas that held her still.

~ psshhh ~

(Adallinda): no she's going out, I'm peeing!

~ pssssssssshhh ~

(Adallinda): No!

~ pssssssssshhh ~

Fredegunde's eyes shone, she smiled mischievously and put one hand on her bladder feeling it deflate and one on her panties, feeling the heat of the flow, Fredegunde also got wet but with a different type of liquid.

(Adallinda'mind '): what a humiliation for an elf like me! But it was really fantastic ...

(Adallinda): are you satisfied now?

Fredegunde smiled

(Fredegunde): in all honesty... no.

Fredegunde with his bladder now full decided to put his hand right on the empty bladder of the alpha, and slowly indulged in the pleasure of urinating directly into the cute little elf in front of him.

(Fredegunde): aaah.

(Adallinda): what?

Adallinda felt it fill up very quickly and Fredegunde felt the bladder become fuller and harder with her hand, this thought and the feeling of relaxation almost made her cum, for excessive relaxation she also released a fart that went into the bowels of Adalinda to be released immediately, this excited the archmage even more.

After about another ten seconds, the poor alpha bladder and his tired muscles produced a strong jet that went to soak skirt and panties.

~ psssssssssssassshhh ~

As soon as she saw him with the other hand, Fredegunde began to touch herself and before the elf's flow ended she cum in the cursed panties.

(Adallinda): aaaah what a wonderful feeling, you really made me feel good, thank you archimage!

(Fredegunde): I really enjoyed it, thanks to you for everything you made me do.

(Adallinda): did I have any other choice?

(Fredegunde): hehe I think so, but you didn't try to free yourself ... why?

(Adallinda): well both because I understood you were a powerful sorceress and because I liked what you were doing ...

Fredegunde and Adallinda blushed slightly

(Fredegunde): then elf now how about a good drying?

(Adallinda): call me Adallinda ...

(Fredegunde): ok Adallinda, if you want you can also call me Fredegunde ...

(Adallinda): ok, so if you don't mind, could you open a passage in the barrier that I have to go change?

(Fredegunde): okay, can i go with you? I'm curious to see where an elf from the woods lives ...

(Adallinda): I believe that all the wood elves live in a tree ... okay, I'll make you come to my house and if you want I'll prepare you a hot tea ... while you tell me what the archmage is doing here in the forest .

(Fredegunde): I don't mind, okay let's go.

Fredegunde and Adallinda made their way to the elf's house, arrived under an apparently thousand-year-old oak tree, the trunk was wider than an average house of ordinary people and gave off a magical aura.

(Adallinda): around my house there is a magic barrier that allows access only to me, to enter you have to drink a potion, okay?

(Fredegunde): yes, I would like to see the inside of your home ...

Adallinda had lied, the barrier prevented access only to demons and monsters, the potion that made Fredegunde drink was a laxative that took a long time to act, after all he wanted to avenge himself and also felt a certain attraction for the archmage, he wanted to see it desperate, a legend handed down for centuries among the elves spoke of a meeting between an elf and a woman who held the role of archimage, a meeting that was part of the beginning of some events that would change the world, was however a legend.

Adallinda scattered a silvery dust on the base of the tree and a crack appeared in the bark, the two entered and Fredegunde was amazed by the beauty of the interior of the tree, on the first floor there was a room with a table, chairs and carpets, all surrounded by shelves full of books, on the second floor there was the pantry with food and ingredients for the potions, the ingredients were really many and of all kinds, on the third floor it was full of potions, there were at least three thousand ampoules and full vials, on the fourth floor there was a circular window that shed light on the whole house, under the window there was a golden desk and a huge bed, on the sides of them there were wardrobes and shelves, all floors were connected from a ladder to

(Fredegunde): this place is amazing!

(Adallinda): thank you, after all I have been living there for many years, it has been my home since humans attacked my village and killed everyone I loved!

Adallinda thought about what humans did to her and began to regret bringing Fredegunde to her home.

(Adallinda'mind '): this person is a human, after all I shouldn't trust humans ...

(Fredegunde): I understand what you mean, I also once had a place called home, but one day I was taken away by demons, if I had been braver I probably would have been able to defend me and my family, but I could not find courage and in one day I lost everything I cared about ...

(Adallinda): wow, I didn't think I had an experience similar to mine, sorry if I had to remind you ... sorry ...

(Fredegunde): don't worry, after the demons attack a woman whom I considered almost like a mother saved me, and now I travel with her daughter to help her escape and one day return to her place as a legitimate future empress!

(Adallinda): is one of the two girls in the tent the future empress?

(Fredegunde): yes, her name is Chloe and I consider her as a younger sister.

The two sat down and had a long chat over hot tea and eating biscuits.

Volume 2 chapter 2, the awakening of the soul eater:

[In the woods near the sleeping bear inn]

Helen had regained consciousness and Sybille had told her what had happened, Helen was furious, disappointed in herself for not having thought about the possibility of a block of time, and very angry at those who had left her in that state and that had altered her memories, now she and the fairy Sybille were headed to the village in search of a change of clothes, magical objects capable of contrasting mind control and blocking of time and information on the position of the alleged demons.

(Helen'mind '): I can't believe I was humiliated in this way ... I was stupid, I underestimated my opponent's ability, next time it will be different!

(Sybille): I'm peeing!

~ pssssssssshhh ~

(Helen): I don't care so much now these clothes are unrecoverable ...

The fairy and the huntress went directly to the guild palace.

(Helen): I want to talk to the guild master!

(Receptionist): sorry but I can't help you, the guild master has explicitly said that she doesn't want to be disturbed, please come back later and with clean clothes!

One of the strongest adventurers present there decided to go and hunt the woman who caused problems

(Adventurer): Exactly, the girl is right, you should leave, you stink of piss and you are not an adventurer, what gives you the right to enter here screaming? You're just a little girl who can't keep your pants dry!

Not a second passed, the man who had said this to the bounty hunter was hit with a strong kick and made to fly against the wall shaking the whole building.

(All): wow! Who is this???

(Adventurer): we better get out ...

(Adventurer): yes, we will come back later!

(Adventurer): we don't want trouble ...

(Receptionist): please don't be angry, I'll call you the guild master immediately!

(Helen): hurry up otherwise I shave the guild to the ground and take what I need on my own!

(Receptionist): I go immediately!

The receptionist ran to the guild master's room and entered without knocking.

(Receptionist): excuse me madam guild master but there is a problem downstairs!

The guild master was recently asleep and now she had been awakened, she was surely irritated.

(Margaret): Is the problem so bad that it disturbs my sleep?

(Receptionist): A woman kicked a class A swordsman adventurer!

(Margaret): I understand, leave it to me.

Margaret went down to the first floor

(Margaret): what do you want woman?

(Margaret'mind '): she looks strong, travels with a fairy and uses both the bow and the sword, I don't know if she is able to beat her, she certainly cannot defeat me and everyone present in the guild, but surely it is better to avoid to fight ... anyway it really smells like stale piss ... it could have a fetish similar to mine or it had bad days ...

(Helen'mind '): this woman is strong, I could win with difficulty against her, better try to reason ...

The two women, both with high combat experience, quickly greeted those in front of them.

(Helen): hi guild master, I would like to withdraw 50 gold coins and some objects from the guild deposit, here is my card.

Helen took out the adventurer's card, it was written the amount of money she had put in the adventurers bank (1280 gold coins), the adventurer class (S class) and other data.

(Margaret'mind '): an S-class adventurer ...

(Margaret): you are an adventurer so ... I didn't think you were, this changes the matter, I will be happy to give you what you want after the magical identification.

(Helen): I am a bounty hunter, I entered the adventurers only for the advantages they give and to take advantage of the adventurers bank, go ahead with the identification, I have nothing to hide!

(Margaret): I understand, just follow me outside.

(Helen): we can also stay here to perform my identification, I have no time to waste, I am chasing people with a bounty on my head.

(Margaret): I'll be the one to perform the magic identification, come outside and let's talk.

The two went out and Margaret cast the authentication magic on Helen's card who passed the test.

(Margaret): well, what do you need besides money?

(Helen): I would like high-end equipment not found in stores, high-level enchanted clothes and an object that can even temporarily counteract the time control.

(Margaret): hahahahah, do you seriously think I can give you such items? The best I can give you is a ring to fight the time control for 5 seconds a day and sell you non-enchanted spare clothes, however if you want that ring you have to accept a sword fight with me as an opponent.

(Helen): in case you lose?

(Margaret): you could say hi bye to your ring!

(Helen): What if you win?

(Margaret): I will give you the ring and also some boots that allow you to jump higher and that give a good magical defense.

(Helen): I accept!

(Margaret): I'm happy, get ready!

(Sybille): be careful, this woman exudes a magical aura stronger than mine and your unity ...

(Helen): you try not to pee, I don't want to make this woman frighten me!

Margaret and Helen distanced themselves

(Margaret): go!

(Helen): I will make you regret having challenged me!

The two stood still for 3 seconds and then snapped at the same time against each other, the sword strokes were invisible to a normal person, every time they collided the air vibrated and the ground shook, however it was obvious to both that the huntress had the upper hand.

(Margaret'mind ') is too strong, I have to use physical enhancement otherwise I will lose in no time ...

(Helen'mind '): this woman is strong, but she is not at my level, I am not even using half of my skills, I have to be careful of her magic but only with the sword will it be an easy victory ...

Margaret used magic for physical enhancement as much as she could, however the huntress did not seem in the least annoyed and Margaret began to be sure of her defeat.

(Magaret'mind '): I have to use a sneaky trick to turn the situation around!

The guild master was wearing the cursed panties, decided to try to give the huntress a little difficulty.

Margaret struck Helen's sword with all her might, making her arm tremble slightly, then threw the sword on the ground and jumped on Helen trying to hold her still with one arm and the other pretending to choke her.

(Helen): hey, this is incorrect!

Margaret paid no attention to Helen's words and concentrated on the complete release of bowels and bladders in the bounty hunter.

(Helen'mind '): I could easily free myself but I will make this trickster woman believe that I managed to get in trouble and then hit her with all my strength and make her piss on me with fear and pain ... however I feel my needs grow very quickly ... that it is an effect of this strange grip of yours?

Margaret had just gone to the bathroom and was completely released, all she managed to expel were 10 seconds of release between gas and urine, nothing that could disturb Helen's enormous capacity.

At a certain point a little disappointed by the guild master, the bounty hunter freed herself with very fluid movements from Margaret's grip and gave her a powerful punch directly into the bowels.

~ pffft ~

Margaret would have pissed and pulled off after such a surprising blow, but it was totally empty so she only let out a soft fart that Helen could hear but that still left her disappointed.

(Margaret'mind '): I was unable to make her have an accident and also I had never received a similar blow from a human ... I think she is not an opponent within my reach ...

(Margaret): I give up! You have won, I will give you what you ask for free!

(Helen): Thanks but I don't want charity, I will pay for all the items, moreover, it was a good duel, it surprises me that he is still standing after that punch without even having had an accident.

The two women and the fairy returned to the guild and after some discussions Helen got rid of her really dirty clothes and put on her new equipment:

As clothes, she had immaculate white linen, black leather pants, white shirt with a chain mail of mithril (light metal with shine and silver color and extreme hardness).

As weapons, she had the magic bow which, drawn by her, could throw arrows from a mile away, a new two-handed sword in old dragon bones with elemental attributes and explosive throwing knives.

As special magic items he had the countermeasure ring at the time stop, magic gloves, magic boots and a bag tied to the belt enchanted with the spell of ultra-dimensional warehouse limited for water, food, potions, money and some spare clothes.

Finally Helen said goodbye to the guild master and left the guild satisfied with the result and above all with her new ring and clean trousers.

(Sybilla): you should have asked about your goals ...

(Helen): you're right! I forgot ...

(Sybilla): don't worry, I know a clairvoyance spell that can show me where there is a life form that I have previously seen, it can show me where it was up to 2 hours before its last position, unfortunately it is a spell advanced and to use it I must use all my magic power and all my physical and mental concentration, if it suits you then I used it immediately.

(Helen): I didn't think you had such a capacity, you surprised me, as soon as we leave the city use it and tell me exactly the direction where to go, whatever is in the way I will cut it with my sword or I will climb over it with my boots, let's go!

The fairy and the woman left the town.

(Sybilla): well, now I'm going!

Sybilla got off Helen's shoulder and flew to the ground, then cast the spell, suddenly a blue smoke enveloped the fairy and she could see a circle in the distance with her eyes, it was the position that Fredegunde had 2 hours before or the position of the tent where Chloe and Alice were.

Unfortunately, the spell was too heavy for the fairy who fell to her knees and released her bladder from the excessive effort.

(Sybille): sorry Helen ... I'm peeing ...

(Helen): no!

Helen ran behind the nearest tree and in a lightning motion lowered her pants but started to pee and wet her panties before she managed to pull them to the side.

~ psssssssssssssshhh ~

(Helen'mind '): I almost made it ... my poor new panties ...

Helen pulled up her pants ignoring the feeling of humidity.

(Helen): okay, guide me to those demons!

(Sybille): yes!

Helen with Sybille on her shoulder started to run faster than a panther, slaloming among the trees and cutting some with the new sword just to try it and jumping on the rocks with her new boots just to try them on.

It would reach the barrier in a few minutes.

[3 hours before in the deepest underground of the imperial palace of the capital]

The duchess had been contaminated by a dark power, this had happened after the end of the war, the duchess was left alone with her daughters, her husband had died and her luxurious home would have been sold because of her debts, leaving her and her daughters without a home, however she managed to enter the palace by giving a nobleman her home and taking on the role of court woman, the duchess was a beautiful woman and when the emperor saw her walking in her palace he was attracted to it, she later managed to seduce him by relying on his grief over the alleged death of his wives, the heroine who had actually saved the country by killing the entire army of high-ranking demons and the last demon king.

@@After marrying the emperor, the Duchess was attracted by a sinister power that during a night attracted her into the maze of the castle, there were the crypts where only a small circle of people could enter, in the darkest part of the crypt it was sealed the body of the original demon queen, the demon empress Eisheth, was originally an angel who despite having become a fallen angel had still retained her kindness, but one day for some reason she obtained a power capable of absorbing a god inside herself and after having absorbed a large number of gods and souls, she was nicknamed the devourer of souls and conquered with the army she generated almost the whole world becoming a being similar to a demon but with an immeasurable power, thanks to the union of some characters, however, it had been sealed but still every thousand years she managed to generate a new king of demons who had the task of freeing her, but this usually succeeded only to arrive near the position of Eisheth before being killed by the heroes of that particular historical period, the demon empress waited more than 10,000 years for someone to release her, and the last demon king was the most powerful had never perceived, however Katherine, Chloe's mother managed to stop him without even bringing him closer to the palace, this and another reason linked to the legend made Eisheth go in a state of fury, increasing her powers momentarily, this allowed her to enter the soul of a person who was suffering and who wanted power, or the duchess herself when she entered the palace, later the part of Eisheth grew in her soul, corrupting her and leading the duchess to desire only power for herself same.

The next day that Fredegunde ran away with Chloe, at 5 am, the soul of the Duchess became completely dark and her desire for power pushed her into the depths of the crypt, guided by Eisheth's voice and promises.

(Duchess'mind '): once freed the supreme Eisheth will give me what I want, the empire will be mine and my resurrected husband! My daughters will be able to embrace their father again and live a happy life! I will have eternal youth and I will be able to use magic without magic wands!

The Duchess walked to the Adamantium door that separated Eisheth's body from the outside world as she thought about the promises the soul eater had made to her.

Once in front of the door, the Duchess took three vials and a crystal ball from a bag, put the crystal ball in a slot in the door, then emptied the 3 vials containing the blood of 3 descendants of gods and with a magic wand opened the door, a cold wind opened the thick and heavy door and a sinister voice was heard in the ears of those present.

(Eisheth): You have been good, my chosen one! Now finish your work and I will be happy to be rewarded!

(Duchess): thank you, what should I do to free you?

(Eisheth): come closer.

The Duchess climbed onto a pedestal with a dark sphere on it that seemed to suck up every form of light and goodness.

(Duchess): so okay?

(Eisheth): yes, perfect, now drink the fourth vial and scream my name!

(Duchess): Eisheth!

A cold wind and dark sounds greeted the Duchess.

(Eisheth): Thank you my elect! You served me very well, now you can die!

The Duchess could not say anything, she collapsed on the ground and was sucked into the dark sphere, an explosion shook the palace waking up anyone who was sleeping in the area.

(???): all according to plan, sorry duchess but you could not be saved, now the end finally begins!

Whatever comes out of that sphere must be killed and I will kill it!

Small dark fire lapilli began to emerge from the sphere and slowly the sphere itself began to change taking the shape of a female figure, it was 1.80 meters (5.9 ft) tall and had a thin figure with very white skin, it was wrapped 2 thick and wrinkled horns were supported by a dark sheet and its black crown.

The figure floated in the air and noticed another presence in the room, he had not seen it before because it did not have a sufficiently high power.

(Eisheth): Who are you?

@@the person in the room revealed himself

(???): hi my dear soul eater, I introduce myself, I am a paladin, my name is Katherine!

The fight started, it was the most intense battle in the last 12000 years, continuous teleports, total block of time, rewriting of reality itself, a clash between light and darkness, an indescribable battle in words, at the end of it, the paladin was on the ground , without an arm and dripping with blood, his wounds were instantly cured by magic but the cuts reappeared immediately afterwards, the one who had made them was truly on another level, a being much stronger than a God.

(Eisheth): to be a human you are really too powerful, strong as a goddess, maybe even a little more, but for me you are worth nothing! Now die!

(Katherine'mind '): I tried to defeat her but it was never my job to kill her, but I still wanted to try ...

(Katherine): I won't let you take over the world now or ever!

Katherine with all the forces left to her launched herself against Eisheth, teleported to the deepest area of the demonic territory, there the clash continued for another few seconds, Katherine, after casting a spell with Chloe as subject, sacrificed herself, and giving his soul to the higher deities momentarily gained power to seal the power of Eisheth.

(Katherine): take this bitch, one day my daughter will kill you!

Katherine began to shine with light and a golden sword with divine shine was formed in her hands, with it she cut into pieces the spiritual form of Eisheth, and after that Chloe's mother vanished, perhaps definitively ...

(Eisheth): bastard! You fooled me, it's only a matter of time though ... as soon as I find power again I will transform the world into scorched earth ... meanwhile I will form an army!

At this time Eisheth was at the height of vulnerability, but every day she would become stronger and in the future she would dominate the world and perhaps the universe.

[In the tent in the woods]

Chloe was sleeping, she was having a nightmare and as usual there was her mother during a battle, this time, however, she did not die of old age but was fighting against a being in the eyes of Chloe and also from those of her mother, invincible in the end of the fight her mother did not die, she simply dissolved and after Chloe she found herself in an empty but completely white and bright place, with her was her mother.

(Katherine): my dear daughter, this is probably a farewell, I don't have much time, I just wanted to explain to you what you will meet, you must know that after I died of old age, I rose thanks to a divine intervention and after I was told the truth, or that the legend is true, and you my dear Chloe are the protagonist and your task assigned by destiny is to kill Eisheth, I have been given the mission to inform you of your destiny and to give you the power that resides in me and that is inherited from generation to generation, thanks to this power, you will be able to use magic in a completely different way and you will have the strength to cut a mountain, however only if you train and learn to master all the techniques that I I know, I wanted to teach you but I could not ...

I wasted my life trying to kill it myself, but after all I knew I would fail and I would die anyway after giving you this message, now my daughter, goodbye!

Katherine cried in the dream but smiled as she disappeared and Chloe awoke with a start.

~ hisssssssssssss ~

Chlo was getting wet because of the dream, he didn't think what he had dreamed was true but then he looked on his hand, there was a ring, it was the ring that his mother had always worn, then he thought about her and cried.

In his mind there was the image of Eisheth that he had seen in the dream, he felt anger towards him and desire to kill her.

After a while he calmed down and decided to get out of the sleeping bag soaked to the point of losing, he spread it on a tree with his pink underwear and then went back to the tent naked while thinking about his dream.

Alice slept drenched in her sleeping bag.

Meanwhile the bounty hunter had come out of the barrier.

(Helen): good Sybille, this barrier separates me from those demons, I have to break it and then I can kill them!

Helen with her sword pierced Fredegunde's magic barrier which began to shatter, then drew her sword and swung it away with a swing.

He entered the area where the barrier was and saw a tent, pounced on the tent and was about to cut it, but Chloe had heard the steps understood that whatever it was had broken the barrier and was probably going to kill her together with Alice, so she went out .

(Chloe): stop please!

(Helen'mind '): why is there a naked girl? Ah down is a demon!

(Helen): silence! Filthy demon I will kill you!

(Chloe): mom protect me!

Chloe unwittingly activated the mother's ring and Katherine's armor materialized on her daughter, Helen's sword could only slide against equipment of that level.

~ braaaprt ~

In fear Chloe let out a dry fart in his armor.

(Helen'mind '): what is this armor that gives off an air of divinity ??? Definitely not a demon!

(Alice): what was it girls? ... what are you doing?

Alice had woken up due to the sound of the impact of Helen's sword on Chloe's armor.

[10 minutes before at Adallinda's house]

(Adallinda): Fredegunde, even if I know you recently I think I love you!

Adallinda's face turned red and immediately afterwards that of Fredegunde.

(Fredegunde) ... I didn't expect such a thing ... but I think I like you too ...

(Adallinda): really? I'm so happy! Thanks for loving me!

(Fredegunde): oh thank you!

The two kissed first shyly and then passionately launched into a long and deep kiss.

(Adallinda): I have decided, I will follow you on your journey, let me take my bags, go to the bathroom and I'm ready!

Adallinda returned shortly after with a backpack probably with an ultra-dimensional storage spell and the two came out of the tree and went to the girls' tent, while walking as Fredegunde sensed the barrier that was falling apart.

(Fredegunde'mind '): Chloe! Alice!

(Fredegunde): come Adallinda!

Fredegunde cast a flight spell on herself and the wood elf, flying at high speed towards the tent.

From above she saw the huntress of the previous day with a huge sword in her hand and Chloe in front of her wearing the armor of a woman whom she considered her mother.

(Fredegunde'mind '): that armor ... what does that mean?

Fredegunde and Adallinda descended from the sky and landed around the bounty hunter.

(Sybille + Helen'mind '): who are all these people?

(Fredegunde): bounty hunter, if you hurt someone present, I will send you the pains of hell!

(Helen'mind '): they might not be demons now that I think about it ... that armor ... it can't be that of a demon, it can't even be an illusion, it exudes an aura of sanctity too high ...

(Helen): are you all demons?

(Sybille): if you are not demons my friend will no longer have hostile intentions!

(Chloe): we are not demons!

(Fredegunde): How do you think of such a thing? whatever the duchess has told you is false!

(Sybille): they are probably telling the truth, I am not able to say it with certainty but I do not detect any form of evil magic ...

(Alice): my friends are not demons!

(Adallinda): I'm sure Fredegunde isn't a demon!

(Helen): I'm wrong I'm sorry!

Helen apologized for 2 minutes bowing and begging for forgiveness, leaving the girls dumbfounded on what to do, eventually forgave her and Chloe and Fredegunde told her their story.

(Helen): girls, I know you will probably not accept but I would like to join your group, I am strong enough, I can help you to know the truth and to defeat the Duchess and her army!

(Fredegunde): for me there are no problems, you don't dislike me, what do you think Chloe?

(Chloe): looks like a good person ... okay for me, Alice what do you think?

Alice who was drenched all night in her sleeping bag and who now smelled badly of urine came out of the tent with her head and spoke.

(Alice): that woman scares me ... made me wet my panties ...

(Helen): I'm so sorry ...

(Helen'mind '): however from this point of view you have already had your revenge ...

Helen thought about the accidents she has had lately.

(Alice): okay, I will forgive you and allow you to join us only if you release your bladder in the next 10 seconds ... ten ... nine ... eight ... seven ...

Helen was amazed by this particular request but did not hold back.

~ psssshhh ~

A stream of urine soaked the bounty hunter's white panties and lightly filled her magic boots.

(Sybille): Helen! I didn't think you accepted, you made me wet!

Alice was amazed by Helen's choice, Sybille told of her curse, Fredegunde and Adallinda were excited about the curse and thinking about the current state of Helen's panties.

(Fredegunde): Chloe, now that we're a group and we can rest easy, why do you have your mother's armor?

(Chloe): ...

Chloe later told of her dream by first making all the girls present sad and sad.

(Helen): wow, so the world as we know it could end?

(Fredegunde): Chloe I'm sorry for your mother, one day we will avenge her, first we have to get stronger!

(Adallinda'mind '): it seems that the events of the legend are beginning ...

(Alice): okay girls, she made herself lunch time, how about eating something and going to the village that Margaret recommended us? Let's think about the present now, however painful or uncertain the future may seem, together we will be able to overcome the difficulties that will arise before us!

(Fredegunde): I agree, let's go!

(All): yes!

The girls prepared, ate and headed for the village.

End of the twelfth chapter.

World statistics:

Average adult fairy (70 years old):

Magic: 20

Strength: 1

Bladder: 5

Bowel: 5

Average demon:

Magic: 25

Strength: 50

Bladder: 16

Bowel: 16

Average adult elf (100 years old):

Magic: 40

Strength: 10

Bladder: 4

Bowel: 4

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Eisheth (demon empress and souls eater)

During the battle against Katherine:

Magic: 1000+

Strength: 1000+

Bladder: ???

Bowel: ???

After the seal:

Magic: 0

Strength: ???

Bladder: ???

Bowel: ???

Chloe (Chlothsinda, A rank adventuress):

Magic: 200 (normally) ??? (with ultra-divine equipment)

Strength: [normally: 200 (basic) 250 (high magical boost)]

Strength with ultra-divine equipment: ???

Bladder: 10 (awake) 0 (sleeping)

Bowel: 10 (awake) 10 (sleeping)

Katherine (EX stronger human and Chloe's mother)

Magic in the battle against Eisheth: 1000+

Strength in the battle against Eisheth: 1000+

Bladder: ???

Bowel: ???

Fredegunde (the perverted A rank adventuress):

Magic: 320

Strength: 5 (basic) 140 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 10 (awake) 1 (sleeping)

Bowel: 4 (awake) 4 (sleeping)

Alice (B rank adventuress):

Magic: 0

Strength: 50

Bladder: 5 (awake) 5 (sleeping)

Bowel: 7 (awake) 7 (sleeping)

Adallinda (the wood elf)

Magic: 12

Strength: 12

Bladder: 7 (awake) 8 (sleeping)

Bowel: 6 (awake) 7 (sleeping)

Helen (bounty hunter):

Magic: 35

Strength: 150 (basic) 160 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 22 (awake) 16 (sleeping)

Bowel: 20 (awake) 14 (sleeping)

Sybille (fairy princess):

Magic: 40

Strength: 1 (basic) 2 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 1 (awake) -4 (sleeping)

Bowel: 8 (awake) 5 (sleeping)

Margaret (Guild master, creator of the cursed panties)

Magic: 160

Strength: 100 (basic) 120 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 8 (awake) 3 (sleeping)

Bowel: 6 (awake) 7 (sleeping)

Statistical info:

If the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

If the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

I apologize for any writing errors or possible plot holes!

If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks

*020*2020-01-18 14:43

{{On 12/26/2019 at 8:50 PM, Asuna.bed.wet. said:

Sorry but I posted by mistake ...

}}

*021*2020-02-02 18:41

Volume 2 chapter 3, return back to the capital.

[In an unknown land in the internal territories of the demons]

Eisheth after the fight against Katherine had completely taken the faculty of using magic and was now looking for her castle lost in the boundless heath of the demon territory.

(Eisheth'mind '): damn that woman! Because of her I have to walk on foot in search of my castle!

It is incredible that these places are the same as twelve millennia ago ...

I'm tired, I'm hungry and I have to go to the bathroom ... after all I haven't been there for 12000 years!

The needs of mortals affected Eisheth now lacking the magical power needed to suppress them.

Eisheth had walked for about 2 hours and finally arrived at a village where he met a young demoness who was returning home from school.

The demons had a lower level of technology and knowledge than the human one because of the hatred that the other races felt for them and therefore denying them the possibility of cultural exchanges or commercial exchanges with the other races, because of this the demons lived in a way more primitive, in retrograde houses and with a low level of education, only high-ranking demons could attend school and therefore a demon student was rare to see, this Eisheth could not know.

(Eisheth): girl! I order you to guide me to the castle!

(Demon Girl): How do I pray?

(Eisheth): are you deaf? take me to my castle!

(Demon girl): who are you? How dare you give me orders?

Eisheth was about to punch her but stopped herself.

(Eisheth): sorry, maybe you didn't recognize me, I'm the empress Eisheth, now that you know, guide me to my castle!

(Demon girl): empress? Nice joke, it doesn't even make you laugh, go away immediately or I'll hurt you!

(Eisheth): Girl! How the fuck you dare to disrespect your mistress and sovereign! Now take me to my castle otherwise I will kill you!

Eisheth approached the demon and screamed them in a voice that vibrated in the air

~ frrt ~

~ pssh ~

The girl was taken aback lost a wet fart and a spray of pee that stained her panties.

(Eisheth): do you have?

(Demon girl): if you yell at me it seems normal!

Listen woman, I don't know who you are, mistress? Sovereign? I do not know you!

Ae do you want to go to the castle is exactly 10 days of travel north and I've never been there!

Don't disrespect me, my father is the rector demon of this city, if you don't want trouble, leave me alone!

Eisheth was really about to hit the girl but now that she had reminded him, she desperately needed a bath.

(Eisheth): okay, I don't want to waste time letting you find out who I am, thanks for the directions girl and sorry if I scared you ... now ... could you tell me where the closest bathroom is?

(Demon girl): what a hypocrite! Did you almost get me wet and now you ask me for a bath?

If you want to lighten up do it on the street behind a bush or ask someone for a chamber pot, in the whole village the only real bathroom is in my house but forget to use it!

Eisheth did not believe what he had just heard.

(Eisheth): feel that you don't believe me I don't care ... but I can't tolerate being denied a simple bathroom, now take me to your house otherwise I will kill you and use your body as a bathroom!

~ pssh ~

A spasm of fear caused a jet to leak into the demon girl's panties.

(Demon girl): okay, don't scream, I warn you that if you come to my house you will see it with my father and the guards, then we will see who will get their pants wet!

Eisheth smiled smugly

(Eisheth): okay girl, take me to your house now with the guards I'll talk to you.

Eisheth and the girl walked to the most luxurious building in the village, in size second only to the demon school.

(Demon girl): help! Here is a criminal who pretends to be an empress!

As soon as she arrived at the door the girl screamed.

Eisheth snickering stretched her legs

The guards went outside the palace and surrounded Eisheth.

(Guard): what did you do to the miss?

(Demon girl): threatened me with death ...

(Guard): oh sorry miss, do you want us to execute this ignorant woman?

(Demon girl): no, it's enough for me to scare her until she pisses on me!

(Guards): received, let's go!

Eisheth remained silent

The guards entered the arms and approached Eisheth.

(Eisheth): if you take just one more step I will deprive you of your legs, you are warned!

As for how you behaved you must at least prostrate yourself to me and make me use the bathroom, if you do not do it I will make you feel severe pain!

The guards saw that Eisheth was hostile and launched themselves on her with the weapon unsheathed.

In less than a millisecond the legs of all the guards stopped being attached to them and their bodies fell to the ground unconscious.

Eisheth would not have left the guards intact anyway, since she wanted to have fun, obviously the guards were nothing for her but seeing the blood of someone demon, human or demihuman satisfied her.

Obviously, the demon who saw himself trying his own lower limb guards could not help but fall on his knees scared.

(Demon girl): please don't hurt me ...

~ pssssssssshhh ~

~ brrr ~

~ splurt ~

~ dirty ...

The kneeling demon girl released her bladder, then emitted a wet fart that stained her panties indelibly and then a soft mess was pushed out of her bowels and found a new home in her panties.

Eisheth doesn't care much if someone else besides her had an accident but she knew that some would feel humiliated or covered with shame so she liked to tease or mock who had an accident before her and her power.

(Eisheth): you are a disgrace to your race! I will leave you alive but impress the image of the current state of your clothes and learn to respect even the people you don't know!

Now take me to the bathroom I need it!

(Demon girl): yes, immediately!

(Girl demon 'mind'): I can't believe what I saw, the guards are strong but a higher demon could easily defeat them all, however this woman without using magic hit them at the same time without me, one of the best students, I could not even see the residual image ... she said she was my mistress ... who is she actually?

The girl accompanied Eisheth to the bathroom and went to change into clean clothes after cleaning herself, always thinking about who she really could be.

(Eisheth'mind '): a bathroom ... since a long time I haven't seen one ...

If I remember correctly, I liked doing this every now and then ...

Eisheth removed the black sheet that enveloped her and remained naked since she had no underwear.

She sat down on what could be called a toilet and released her bladder and bowels, she liked the feeling of lightening herself when she was full, she would have preferred to sit with her panties on and wait for her to lose due to an unintended release but now she hadn't time, he wanted to know better the world of demons in recent times, he wanted to go to the castle then make an army and march outside the borders, after he wanted to make the territory of the other races his and eventually march on the human capital where he had been locked up for centuries and turn it into a place of despair where no one could have lived forever.

[in the forest near the village]

The girls had now finished eating and headed for the village, of course some had changed their clothes:

Physical details of the group and the clothes worn:

Spoiler

《Chloe》

Race: human

Age: 11 years old

Height: 1.64 meters (5.4 ft)

Weight: 56 kg (123 lb)

Breast: good for age (cup B)

Black eyes

Red hair

Beauty in the opinion of the world: extremely beautiful

Underwear: pink cotton

Shirt: beige shirt + ultra-divine armor

Trousers: white linen trousers + ultra-divine armor

Socks: thick pink cotton socks.

Shoes: very comfortable canvas shoes similar to ankle boots

Accessories: Katherine ring

《Fredegunde》

Race: human.

Age: 24 years old.

Height: 1.60 meters (5.2 ft)

Weight: 44 kg (97 lb)

Breast: below average (cup B)

Eyes: cobalt blue.

Black hair

Beauty in the opinion of the world: average

Underwear: white cotton

Sweater: long purple robe

Pants: violet tights

Socks: fine gray socks.

Shoes: Havana leather boots with fur

Accessories: 2 rings and a necklace

《Alice》

Race: human

Age: 14 years old

Height: 1.62 meters (5.3 ft)

Weight: 49 kg (108 lb)

Breast: okay for age (cup B)

Blue eyes

Blond hair

Beauty in the opinion of the world: really nice

Underwear: black (heavily urinated)

Shirt: gray + light armor

Pants: black leather (a little smelly)

Socks: thick white socks

Shoes: reinforced black canvas shoes.

《Adallinda》

Breed: wood elf

Age: 80 years old

Height: 1.68 meters (5.5 ft)

Weight: 52 kg (114 lb)

Breast: okay for age (cup C)

Light blue eyes

Hair: amber

Beauty in the opinion of the world: sensually beautiful

Underwear: green (lightly stained with pee)

Sweater: green blouse + green sweater

Pants: green skirt

Socks: green socks

Shoes: leather ankle boots.

《Helen》

Race: human

Age: 20 years old

Height: 1.88 meters (6.2 ft)

Weight: 81 kg (178 lb)

Breast: big and hard (cup D)

Black eyes

Brown hair

Beauty in the opinion of the world: attractive but frightening

Underwear: White (heavily yellowed panties)

Sweater: white cotton + chain mail in mithril

Pants: black leather pants (slightly damp)

Socks: black socks (slightly damp)

Shoes: black leather boots (soaked in urine)

Accessories: ring against time blocking.

《Sybille》

Breed: fairy

Age: 75

Height: 0.11 meters (0.36 ft)

Weight: 0.9 Kg (2 lb)

Breast: average for a teenage fairy.

Green eyes

Hair: light blue

Beauty in the opinion of the world: very cute

Underwear: light blue (dirty panties after constant accidents)

Sweater: white short dress

Pants: short white dress (too yellowed)

Shoes: none

The girls were now discussing the facts of Chloe's dream:

(Alice): So your mom said you got stronger now?

(Chloe): we talked about things like cutting a mountain ...

(Fredegunde): but he also said that you need training right?

(Chloe): yes, in fact I hope you big sister can help me with spells and I also hope to find a warrior willing to teach me the techniques of hand-to-hand and sword fighting ...

(Helen): for me there is no problem to train, but it will be hard I warn you! First I have to get you a certain level of pure physical strength, then without magic or enchanted armor and then I will teach you all the techniques you want to learn!

(Chloe): I don't want to sound arrogant ... but right now I think I am strong enough to learn the techniques necessary for my future ... the equipment given to me by my mother is absolutely too powerful but also my current physical strength seems to have grown a hundred times ...

(Helen): you don't want to be arrogant but I think you are, if there hadn't been that armor to protect you from my blow, worse things would have happened to you than a simple release of gas ...

Chloe blushed after mention of his involuntary release.

(Chloe): Don't make fun of me, you smell like pee after all! Anyway, I'm serious when I say I have enough physical strength!

(Helen): I got wet because I owed it to you after what I did to you! However, I would like to experience this force you speak of firsthand, I challenge you to a friendly battle without weapons and without magic!

(Fredegunde): Helen, don't hurt my little sister otherwise ...

(Helen): I won't do anything to her, I just want to see her level of physical strength!

(Sybille): Couldn't it be that maybe you just want to vent and show your strength?

(Alice): or maybe you want to have an accident with my friend?

(Helen): girls but who did you get me for? I just want to see the strength of those who went to train ...

(Chloe): the duel is fine for me ...

(Fredegunde): if it's okay for Chloe then I agree ... however if I see you overdo it I'll stop the fight myself!

(Adallinda): don't hurt yourself! in case of problems I could still use a potion to heal you ... be careful and do not overdo it ...

(Helen): don't worry, obviously I won't be serious!

Chloe felt slightly offended at this last statement, after all she now had a part of the power that her mother had given her and she was proud of it.

(Chloe): we'll see what you say when I win ...

Chloe whispered but Helen still managed to hear but did not give weight to his words.

The girls moved on an arid plain without vegetation, Chloe put the armor in the ring only with the thought.

Helen and Chloe distanced themselves and waited for Alice to leave.

(Alice): go!

(Helen): then show me what you know capable of doing!

As soon as Helen finished the sentence Chloe shot at high speed towards the bounty hunter, her movements were rough but her steps were so powerful that they left marks in the rocky terrain.

(Helen'mind '): she is fast!

Chloe punched and Helen prepared to dodge him but Chloe accelerated taking the huntress by surprise, Chloe jumped on Helen and dropped her, they landed on the grass, Helen felt a familiar warmth in the groin and Sybille inevitably rushed, however now the huntress felt humiliated by a little girl and decided to be serious, with very fluid movements she stood up and kicked in the bowels of Chloe, the latter did not expect such a bad blow and a little for the surprised and a little bit of pain I release the bladder for at least 5 seconds, now her new panties were ruined and a wet patch of the size of a coin was visible on her white pants, this made her saddened and angry a little.

Helen didn't stop after the kick, she quickly approached Chloe and punched her in the stomach making her fall on the ground with her lower back.

~ brrmphf ~

~ pfsssstt ~

A muddy, wet fart left a brown car in Chloe's poor pink panties.

She blushed slightly, had not reported any damage unlike Helen who still felt sore but the latter would never have said.

(Chloe'mind '): not worth ... hadn't he said we shouldn't be serious?

(Adallinda'mind '): these two are scary ... they could kill me in a second ...

(Helen): you surprised me, you are much stronger than I ever thought, you have a lot of room for improvement, it will be a pleasure to train!

(Fredegunde): don't you think you exaggerated, was it just a little friendly test?

(Alice): Chloe! Are you OK? Have you suffered a bad blow, do you need treatment?

(Chloe): I'm fine! girls I haven't lost ... If you want we can stop, I know I lack technique but the power that my mother has given me makes me feel good, it fills me with strength and awareness ... on the other hand I was only taken by surprise , I think I could have won!

(Helen'mind '): this girl is getting on my nerves!

(Helen): Do you think you can win? You have nothing but strength, your techniques are ridiculous and your movements are predictable! Besides ... don't look down on me girl! If we were serious, you wouldn't be able to take a minute!

I have been training since I was much younger than you!

Helen got carried away by immaturity and challenged Chloe to a real duel, she was envious of the girl who had such strength only because she was given to her by her mother overnight and also wanted to have her have an accident with her strokes but even if he tried he could not see anything on the crotch of his pants.

(Chloe): okay, I want to continue the duel, Alice lend me your sword please, I don't need my mother's equipment to win!

Chloe had now been stubborn but usually would not have reacted like this, she only did it because she was irritated by Helen's behavior and because it had made her panties dirty, she also thought that he had done it on purpose given the points where he had hit her.

(Fredegunde): I can't allow you to do a serious duel, Chloe, if you want to show your strength do it against monsters after we accept a guild assignment once in the village, Helen, if you didn't realize it Chloe is still a little girl, it is not good to do superiority demonstrations with her, if you want to show her the gap between you then train her and show her how far she still has to go, if you want to fight instead of how about challenging me to a duel ?

(Helen'mind '): Now that I have taken countermeasures to thwart your time control I could accept ...

(Alice): I agree, also I will not lend you my sword, compared to Helen's it is too fragile, I absolutely don't want it to break!

(Chloe'mind '): maybe I let myself get carried away ... I should bring respect for an adult bounty hunter ...

(Chloe): okay ... I admit my absence, one day, however, after I am loosened I want revenge!

(Helen'mind '): what happened suddenly? Is more mature than I thought ... maybe we could even get along ...

(Helen): Chloe, you are very strong and you have great chances to become really stronger than me, from tomorrow we will start training is decided!

(Chloe): okay, this is great!

(Fredegunde'mind '): Helen has completely ignored my challenge ... and I who wanted to have fun and train ... okay, I will let off steam against some monster ... now that I think about it it's strange that we have not yet met any enemy ... after all this is a border area ... maybe it's because of that? In fact, it should keep any low-level monster away from the area around me ...

Fredegunde remembered one of his rings and looked at his ring finger as he thought.

(Fredegunde'mind '): anyway ... I have to poop ...

~ gurgle ~

The laxative effects of Adallinda's potion began to manifest but since Fredegunde was now in a group of six girls she was ashamed to release a fart or ask for a break and then the sensation excited her and she wanted to have some fun, Fredegunde also had worn a necklace of her own creation that gave her almost total immunity against the negative effects of low-level potions or spells and therefore could resist at least another half day if she continued to release gas every now and then.

(Adallinda): I am tired of walking ... in the future with the money we will earn I would love to buy a cart or horses ...

(Fredegunde): no problem, I could also use the magic of flight and invisibility for all of them ... but I think this would make us too sure of ourselves, it would weaken us and if someone sees us it could be suspicious of it, I think the horses are the best choice also because a carriage would still arouse suspicion.

(Fredegunde'mind '): maybe I should remove the rings in order to meet some monsters ...

(Adallinda): you're right but I like the idea of traveling in a carriage ... but I realize that maybe it's too flashy and palatable for the bandits ...

The girls were almost at the entrance to the village.

(Sybille'mind '): I have been hearing something for a few minutes that I had never heard before ... I think it is the need to pee ... how is it possible? It should take longer for the fairy's curse to freeze ... maybe that's because Helen's bladder is so strong?

However, this feeling is fantastic, I had never experienced it before ... it is truly sublime, maybe I should warn Helen and pee together ... but maybe ...

But at that moment Sybille's bladder loosened and hot urine began to water her panties, after a very short time a stream fell from under the dress of the fairy as she flew making a jet of pee fall to the ground that produced a sound that was difficult to hear.

(Sybille): Helen ... I'm peeing ...

~ pssssssssssssssshhh ~

(Helen'mind '): fuck!

Helen's previously yellowed panties were soaked again and the leather pants did nothing to absorb the release by pouring urine on the legs and filling the hunter's boots.

(Helen): I know you can't do anything about it but please! Warn me as soon as possible when you are about to lose!

(Sybille'mind '): you didn't warn me first though! And then I like the feeling of holding back ... I think I also like to humiliate Helen ... in the future, I could make her spend moments of shame, I just have to make sure that she doesn't find out that I will intentionally pee ...

(Sybille): sorry ...

(Adallinda'mind '): wow, this curse is really interesting ...

(Fredegunde'mind '): it's nice to see this strong bounty hunter pissing herself ... but I would like to see in her eyes the real desperation and not such an unexpected release ...

Maybe I should take care of the little fairy and have fun with Helen in many ways ...

(Chloe'mind '): I feel sorry for her ... however the fact that she got wet makes me happy somehow ... maybe just because it made me angry before?

(Alice'mind '): poor Helen is a strong woman forced to pee on her ... I'm sorry for her even though she hit my friend ... however after seeing her I feel the stimulus too.

(Alice): girls, I have to water the flowers too, can you wait a moment?

(Adallinda): go ahead, don't worry.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I would like to go too ... but maybe it is better to keep it ... after all it will be useful to have fun with my favorite elf.

Alice walked slowly behind the trunk of a tree, pulled down her black panties which now gave off a smell of stale urine after previous accidents and finally let out a gushing stream of urine.

~ psssssssssssssst ~

(Alice'mind '): I have nothing to dry off with, okay my panties are still dirty ...

Alice pulled up her panties and felt a wet stain form on their gusset.

(Alice): I'm done! We can enter the village!

(Helen): perfect now I have to go into town with wet pants ... what a nuisance!

(Chloe): I could make the humidity disappear if you want it ...

(Helen): yes, please!

(Chloe): okay.

After Chloe finished drying Helen's clothes which still gave off a sweet smell of her pee, the girls entered the village and immediately went to the guild building, this was strangely empty by the standard of a border village.

(Adallinda): do we have to find a training mission?

(Fredegunde): yes, but first I would like information, we know that the demon empress is now free so I would like to know if something happened ...

(Chloe): in the dream I saw my mother in the capital ... I'm not sure what I saw but I believe that the demon empress was locked up under the palace and that my mother after she freed went to face her .. .I do not remember well...

(Alice): okay, let's ask for information before going to read the missions.

(Receptionist): what can I do for you?

(Helen): my friends and I have joined in an adventurous party, we would like some advice for a training mission, my rank is S, so I would like a difficult mission.

(Receptionist): at the moment we have no requests for the S class, if you are interested, however, there are two very difficult missions with urgent priority, the first is to go to the imperial capital, investigate the recent events and, if necessary, fight against the demons spotted around the palace, demons of a higher level and shapeshifters were also spotted. The second is to investigate the destruction of the sleeve city of Duldur by the undead, according to testimony, two Elder Lichs were present.

(Fredegunde): first we would like to have information on the current state of the capital.

(Receptionist): well, you have to know that last night, in the area of the imperial palace, there was a fight between beings of unimaginable power, the subsoil and most of the palace and buildings were disintegrated, however the victims are very few, among the missing there is also the Duchess and the emperor.

The real problems occurred after the clash between the supreme beings, it seems that in the combat the forbidden spell of higher level pandemonium was used, that is, the one that increases the rate of appearance of demons by about a thousand times, this has led to the generation of powerful demons capable of fighting on par with court wizards, the best adventurers in the world are now traveling to the capital, it is hoped that with a large number of magicians the pandemonium spell can be canceled.

Is there anything else you want to know?

(Chloe'mind '): Elizabeth and Isabel are in danger!

(Fredegunde'mind '): Maybe we should return to the capital by teleportation ... however I believe that court wizards and a large number of high-level adventurers are enough to seal the pandemonium, it would be a problem if it were an even more powerful spell ...

(Alice): So what do we do?

(Helen): between undead and demons I prefer the latter ...

(Adallinda): I think Chloe should decide ...

(Sybille): I'm afraid! I don't want to find myself in the midst of enemies of this power!

Sybille was really scared, in all her long life she had never seen demons or undead, she was about to leak into her panties but she surprisingly managed to hold back.

(Chloe): if the Duchess is missing there is no reason why we cannot return to the capital, thanks to our strength we will finish the mission quickly and return here to continue our journey, how long does it take to reach the capital?

(Helen): Sybille if I go to the capital you must come too otherwise our blisters will be ruined forever!

(Sybille): but I'm afraid!

(Helen): how can you fear a bit of enemies ... we are an extremely powerful group!

(Fredegunde): with the teleportation the magic of the flight we could arrive in about 1 day, if we go horseback riding it will take less than 5 days while on foot it will take us about 15 days, I propose to use the flight, even if once you arrive I will have need multiple potions to recover magical power ... Sybille, you are a fairy princess, your magical power is remarkable but if compared to mine it is a blade of grass in a field, I will take care of protecting you, please come with us so that Helen also comes and together we can protect the innocent citizens of the capital!

(Sybille): ... okay, however I want a reward!

(Fredegunde): what kind of reward?

(Sybille): I'll tell you at the end of the mission, but I want you to accept my request!

(Fredegunde'mind '): what could this fairy want?

(Fredegunde): okay, I will accept any of your requests, thanks for agreeing to come with us!

(Chloe): thanks Sybille, you will help me save my sisters, I don't know how to thank you!

Sybille blushes slightly

(Sybille): there is no need to thank me, it is enough for the sorceress to accept my request.

(Helen): okay, so we decided to accept the request!

(Receptionist): agree, this is a part of the payment in advance, at the end of the mission in any branch of the guild by submitting the necessary documents you can get the remaining part of the reward, now you just have to register your group to the mission and then you I will be able to deliver the confidential information and documents of the mission, write the name of the group in the registration below.

The girls registered with Helen's name since their group did not have a name, took the 25 gold coins for payment, took the file, then bought spare linen, food and drinks and finally left the guild branch .

~ glrrr ~

(Fredegunde'mind '): it's starting to get annoying ...

Fredegunde felt the gas build up in his bowels, Adallinda's potion was taking effect, probably within a short time Fredegunde would have had to find a bathroom or change his panties.

(Adallinda): it's almost evening, what do we want to do? Shall we leave now or in the morning?

(Helen): I propose to go eat at an inn and then spend the night.

(Chloe): I support the idea, we can't go save the capital if we're tired or hungry, let's go relax!

The girls went to the only inn in the village, The Silvery Owl, there they ate and rushed 2 rooms for the night with only 15 silver coins, the inn also had a magic bath but the use cost 1 gold coin per person it was obviously too high a price for a simple visit to the bathroom.

The inn also offered free meals for those who rented a room, so the girls decided to go for a meal by the evening.

~ phhffffssst ~

As the girls ate and drank sitting at the coffee table, a warm silent fart made its way under Fredegunde's skirt.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I have to release more gas if I want to postpone my visit to the bathroom ...

The girls continued to eat and Fredegunde continued to release gas under her skirt keeping it hidden with a spell that imprisoned the malevolent air and isolated the noise, obviously Fredegunde was very flushed from the situation and the fact that she did not eat anything was also suspect, but nobody said anything about her until the end of dinner.

(Chloe): big sister, you can accompany me in the woods ... you see I'm very tired and tomorrow we will have to wake up early ... so I wanted to pee before going to our rooms ...

Chloe said it while moving slightly, unlike Fredegunde he had drunk a lot more and therefore even if his bladder was bigger now he had to go with more urgency.

(Alice): I will accompany you, I must also go ....

(Chloe): thanks Alice, does anyone else want to join?

(Adallinda): I think it can keep you company, come on.

(Fredegunde'mind '): it's not fair! Okay if it empties I'll fill it!

Fredegunde thought so as a sparkle pervaded his eyes and a smile appeared on his face, a smile that was immediately interrupted by a strong impulse to fart.

(Fredegunde): I don't need a bathroom, I go to my room.

(Helen): wait for me, I'm coming too.

(Sybille'mind '): I start to feel the need to pee! Obviously Helen doesn't need to know ...

Now a smiling grin also appeared on Sybille's face.

The girls parted, Fredegunde and Helen went to the room while Alice, Chloe and Adallinda went to water the flowers.

They met in their rooms after about ten minutes.

Helen was already asleep still dressed, Chloe undressed remaining in underwear, Alice did the same and Adallinda followed them, Fredegunde in the meantime was still lying still dressed on the bed but now she was wearing cursed panties.

Alice and Chloe went to Helen's room and fell asleep after a few minutes.

Now only Adallinda, Fredegunde and Sybille remained awake, the latter being outside on the roof of the inn.

(Sybille'mind '): I think I have reached my limit!

~ psss ~

(Sybille'mind '): it's coming out!

~ hisssssssssss ~

A hiss could hardly be heard as the stream of urine fell from Sybille's skirt.

(Sybille'mind '): wow it's too good a feeling!

Sybille began to touch her pussy by rubbing the palm of her hand on her soaked panties, she would have continued for hours if sleep hadn't hit her.

~ hisssssssssssssssss ~

The strong bounty hunter was also wetting the bed.

Fredegunde and Adallinda paid no attention to the hiss coming from the other room, now their looks and all the other senses were concentrated on each other, in particular Adallinda was strongly attracted by the red panties of the archimage, they were in their own way beautiful and the sight of Fredegunde in that particular lingerie was enough to make her pussy viscous and wet with her sweet juices.

(Fredegunde): so, are you satisfied with the group we formed?

Adallinda taken by surprise by a question stopped looking at the sorceress's panties and snapped back.

(Adallinda): it is still early to say ... but I believe that if I stay with you I will be able to endure any adversity ...

Fredegunde blushed bright red

(Fredegunde): I also think that if we stay together the trip will be more pleasant ...

Adallinda also blushed slightly seeing that perhaps Fredegunde was probably returning his feelings.

(Fredegunde): You know Adallinda ... I think you do

~ grrrgggllle ~

Fredegunde was interrupted by a gurgling and excruciating pain in the bowels.

(Adallinda): it looks like someone here has to go ...

Adallinda smiled smugly

(Fredegunde): I've been dying to have a shit all day ...

(Adallinda): How about starting again from where we left off this morning? However, the parts seem to have reversed.

(Fredegunde): it seems like a great idea.

(Fredegunde'mind '): But it's not true that the roles have reversed.

The two approach one another and after looking each other in the eyes exchanged a kiss, then another and then a deeper and more passionate one.

During the kisses Fredegunde rubbed his hands on the elf's breast and through physical contact released more fart into his body.

~ fffrraaasp ~

A dry fart came out of Adallinda's ass.

(Fredegunde): it seems to me that the roles are the same as this morning, do you have to go by chance?

Adallinda blushed intensely

Fredegunde sent a considerable amount of poop to the elf's bowels.

~ glurrrg ~

~ pffffrrrt ~

~ phbbrrrrt ~

(Adallinda'mind '): it is not possible! A second ago I did not even have the slightest bloating of the stomach ... now that I think about it again this morning I had to go suddenly and then Fredegunde did not get free in a whole day despite the slight laxative ...

(Adallinda): Listen to me, normally I wouldn't ask for such a thing but I think you're using a spell to make me want to pee or release gas, is that the truth?

(Fredegunde'mind '): he discovered me ... shit!

The two stopped talking and moved away from each other always maintaining a strong eye contact.

(Fredegunde): I assure you that I don't know such a magic, but I must confess that I used an object to transfer my needs to you ... don't hate me for this please!

Fredegunde felt guilty for doing such a thing without asking for consent, in the morning she would never have thought that the elf would join her and therefore had fun as she could, but now she had to admit that she had a strong attraction for Adallinda and he believed he shouldn't have done this to her as exciting as it was, or at least he should have asked for consent to his crush.

(Adallinda): I don't hate you ... in fact I think I love you!

Both become silent and blushed very much.

(Fredegunde) you say ... seriously? You know too, I think you're so pretty ...

The two hugged each other tightly for a good few minutes.

(Adallinda): so what is this object with such interesting powers?

(Fredegunde): you have had it so far under your gaze.

Fredegunde pointed to the cursed panties.

(Adallinda): Are you serious? Isn't that ... would you let me try?

(Fredegunde): you really want to see me naked is it?

Adallinda blushed scarlet red

(Adallinda'mind '): of course I want to see you naked ... I just admitted that I like you ... also I wouldn't mind getting paid for the humiliation this morning, it would be really exciting ...

(Fredegunde): okay.

Fredegunde got out of bed and pulled off her panties exposing her shaved pussy to the now really excited elf, but when she took them off completely she felt her needs grow exponentially, she was on the verge of a complete loss then she crossed her legs and made a few hops until he regained complete control.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I almost lost control ... it seems that cursed panties have an effect that I didn't know ... an effect that helps hold back ... who knows what other secrets they hide ...

(Adallinda): are you okay?

(Fredegunde): yes, I just have to go ... wear them now.

Adallinda stopped five seconds to admire Fredegunde's body, took the belt of her panties and took them off, then excitedly took the red panties that Fredegunde had previously worn.

(Adallinda): wow it's an incredible feeling, I feel the power flowing in me.

(Fredegunde): I'm glad you like them.

(Adallinda): so how did you say they are used?

(Fredegunde): I think if you used them on me right now I'm going to poop and pee myself instantly ...

(Adallinda): from how you bounce on the spot I think it will happen in a very short time anyway.

(Fredegunde): not true! I am able to hold back longer than you did this morning.

(Adallinda): this morning I had you who used these panties against me and also tickled me while I was tied so we are not talking about the same conditions.

(Fredegunde): I still have to go all day ...

(Adallinda): hold back, you are not a child, you are the archimage!

Anyway I'm not going to use them for now, I want to pick up where we left off.

Adallinda threw Fredegunde onto the bed and kissed her as she ran around with her fingertips rubbing her full bladder, then slowly applied pressure.

Fredegunde wanted to tell her that she was about to lose but she was too involved in the kiss and also the feeling that the pressure was giving her was too pleasant.

Adallinda stopped putting pressure on her bladder and started sucking on the sorceress's nipple while with her other hand she spread her wet pussy with excitement, the elf decided to gently insert 2 fingers into Fredegunde's wet flower and to rub slowly, Fredegunde was unable to refrain from moaning and began to massage the elf's breasts herself, after a while Fredegunde was on the verge of orgasm, Adallinda managed to understand it and when she saw that she was about to come she filled the sorceress's bladder with all her pee that she had in her body and even if she had gone to water the flowers recently it was still enough to make Fredegunde lose control that he began to empty his bladder

(Fredegunde): is going out!

A high pressure jet came out of the sorceress but was interrupted by Adallinda who put her finger on the exit of the urethra, with the other hand touched her clitoris and Fredegunde came out splashing in the hands of the elf who at this point removed her finger of the urethra and consequently a river of golden pee flooded the bed.

(Fredegunde): ... it was wonderful

(Adallinda): I didn't hurt you, did I?

(Fredegunde): absolutely not, you were fantastic, I had never enjoyed so much.

~ grrrglle ~

(Fredegunde): I have to go to the bathroom now!

(Adallinda): wait ... now it's your turn ...

(Fredegunde): If I don't go now it will be difficult to clean the bed even with magic ...

Adallinda then took off her cursed panties and handed them to the sorceress.

(Adallinda): don't go, if you really can't resist you can lighten up inside me ...

Fredegunde's eyes widened with the proposal and a grin appeared on her face.

(Fredegunde): if you really insist.

The two naked hours moved to the other bed as there was a huge amount of pee in the first.

As soon as you lay down Fredegunde put a good part of his poop in Adalinda's bowels, the elf writhes a little for the sudden change of fullness but then she recovered and the two launched into a warm and deep kiss while the sorceress with one hand began to passionately fingering Adallinda's pussy.

(Adallinda'mind): sublime!

Adallinda was about to come and Fredegunde understood it then decided to move to afalinda's feet and with two hands she rubbed gently but very quickly between the elf's legs.

(Adallinda): I'm cumming!

A cry of pleasure was issued by Adallinda who was unable to control herself, the two lay down embracing one another and then a truly satisfied smile crept into their faces.

(Fredegunde): Did you like it?

(Adallinda): yes, I would like it to continue forever!

At that exact moment the door handle started to turn.

~ frrfrt ~

~ prffrrt ~

~ prrfflorrrt ~

Fredegunde stopped the passage of time as soon as he noticed the movement of the handle and consequently lost control of his bowels.

(Fredegunde'mind '): luckily it's not Chloe, with her mother's ring she wouldn't have been affected by the spell.

Fredegunde stopped to look at the figure of Alice.

(Fredegunde'mind '): she was probably awakened by the noisy noises ...

Fredegunde cleaned the mess she had made, dried her pee and dressed herself and Adallinda in clean clothes, then put the elf to bed and finally removed all odors from the air and went to sleep herself.

(Alice): all right?

(Adallinda'mind '): what happened? Didn't Alice see anything? Thank god! Did Fredegunde use any incredible spells?

Alice was a little surprised to find nothing strange and therefore after no one answered she decided to go to bed again.

With telepathy, Fredegunde explained to Adallinda what he had done and the two, bitter about not being able to continue, fall asleep, Adallinda with her bowels still full and Fredegunde completely empty.

The following morning the first one to wake up was Helen, she was literally shocked by the huge pool in which she was, she knew no magic and had no object to dry such a quantity of urine, obviously it was not her fault but Sybille's fault , but still she felt humiliated and childish and would never have wanted anyone to see the state of the bed and her clothes.

(Helen'mind '): what a humiliation ... that incontinent fairy could at least wake me up before going to bed to empty herself together ... now the others will see me like this, it's too embarrassing ... my clothes are more humid that if I jumped into a lake, so smelly and so sticky, I have to find a way to hide everything and possibly take a bath ... maybe the fairy knows some spell.

Helen looked for Sybille but didn't see her anywhere, had fallen asleep on the roof after having reached the summit of pleasure several times.

After not finding Sybille anywhere, Helen decided to admit that she had got wet and accept any teasing or humiliations but could not resist staying in soaked and sticky clothes then went down to the inn entrance to ask where she could clean up.

The second to wake up was Chloe, it was surprisingly dry.

(Chloe'mind '): unbelievable, I've been bathing the sheets for almost a year ... maybe I'm dreaming, thinking about it doesn't seem to me that I had nightmares, that it is thanks to the courage given to me by my mother?

Chloe got dressed and went outside to pee.

Alice had dreamed of being hidden in an empty barrel on a cart while being robbed by bandits who among other things took the barrel in which she was hidden, now she dreamed of being in their lair surrounded by bandits who shared the booty and the thing worst is that he had to damn pee, suddenly he didn't hold it anymore and he lost control, the roaring noise attracted the attention of the bandits who opened the lid and then Alice awoke with a start, first she felt reassured by the fact that it was of a dream but then felt a suspicious warmth expanding.

(Alice): No!

It took all his willpower to tighten the bladder muscles but the black panties were soaked and there was a small wet machine on the bed.

Alice was struggling with both hands buried between the legs, did not have the courage to get out of bed because he thought that if he did he would lose control, while thinking about how he could get out of the unhappy situation he felt himself losing a spray , then another and yet another.

(Alice): no! is coming out!

Alice when she realized that it was too late by now jumped out of bed and once on the ground the urethra opened creating a waterfall from her panties, she tried to run but cost that she would have done nothing but a wet trail in the inn decided to crouch and let go on the spot.

Once the piss was over, Alice took off her panties and put them to dry and then dried herself, finally went back to bed pretending that nothing ever happened and hoping that the fault lies with someone else, once in bed he noticed that neither Chloe and Helen were present and wondered where they could go, he also grudgingly saw that the bed where Chloe had slept was dry unlike his and also noticed the extreme soaking of Helen's mattress.

Meanwhile Sybille had also woken up, her clothes were particularly wet partly from the morning dew and partly from the pee in which she had slept, so she decided to dry herself with magic and go to the girls' rooms to see if they were awake and to see the current state of Helen and her bed which was definitely wet.

Adallinda and Fredegunde slept soundly with a smile on their face due to happy dreams.

(Helen): good morning, is there a bath tub?

(Innkeeper): yes, on the back we have a tank, it must be filled with water from the well and then heated, usually the first one that needs it fills it for everyone, this morning as it is still early the tank is still empty, I hope you will fill in for the others too, thanks in advance.

The innkeeper saw the state of the clothes of the woman in front of her and smiled.

(Locandiera'mind '): he definitely had an accident, probably while he was sleeping, which means he has to pay the commission!

(Helen): thank you very much, so I'm going.

The bounty hunter started to turn around while very embarrassed.

(Innkeeper): wait a second, by chance the reason why you need a bathroom has to do with the fact that you had an accident?

(Helen'mind '): it would have been strange if he hadn't noticed ...

(Helen): yes, sorry for the mattress, now I'm going to wash myself before my companions wake up.

(Innkeeper): stop! He has to pay compensation for wetting the bed, it's 10 gold coins!

The innkeeper increased the figure tenfold because she had the feeling that the woman in front of her could afford much more.

(Helen): are you crazy? 10 gold coins to wash a mattress?

(Innkeeper): I don't think you used the bathroom yesterday, you overestimated your skills and now you have to pay! Or would you rather ask your friends for money?

Helen was amazed at the innkeeper's determination.

(Helen): Will my friends find out anyway, however where is it written that I have to use the bathroom? What if you had gone to eternity? Anyway why do I have to pay a similar amount? It makes no sense, take this and be silent!

Helen gave the innkeeper a gold coin

(Innkeeper): woman, maybe we didn't understand each other, pay me or else I'll report you to the guards!

You have to pay because you have signed the lease of the rooms, and it says that if the bed gets wet, the inn must be compensated according to the circumstances and for a maximum amount of 10 gold coins!

The innkeeper made Helen read a document signed by Fredegunde.

(Helen'mind '): how much insistence!

Helen read the whole sheet and her anger went up.

(Helen): you have chosen the wrong person for these scams, it is clear that this document does not declare that I have to pay the maximum amount and this because I did not mess up on the bed, I only peed, also I did not try to hide anything and I paid immediately, I can't even be fined and that gold coin is more than enough as a refund, now I'm going to take a bath.

(Helen'mind '): luckily I managed to stay calm.

(Innkeeper): ok, for now I accept it, there is no need to get angry, if however when I clean up the room I will realize that you lied to me then I will call the guards!

(Helen): do as you please.

Helen took a huge barrel and filled it with water, thanks to her strength she was able to fill the tub in less than 10 minutes, the problem now was to heat it, but fortunately Chloe also wanted to take a bath and then reached her.

(Chloe'mind '): had an accident ... will it be the fault of the curse?

(Chloe): Do you need help?

(Helena): yes, do you know a way to heat the tub? Taken from the heat I filled with cold water and now I don't know how to heat it ...

(Chloe): no problem, give me a minute and we can enjoy a hot bath.

Chloe warms the water until it gives off a warm and comfortable value, the bounty hunter removed her clothes and entered the tub.

(Helen): aaaah thanks Chloe, it's really relaxing.

(Chloe): Glad you like it, wait for me to come in.

Chloe took off her clothes and put her foot in the water.

(Chloe): Owwww! Scotta! Scotta!

For the sudden burn a drop of pee trickled between Chloe's legs.

(Helen): all right baby Chloe?

(Chloe): yes! Alright...

(Helen): why don't you come in then?

(Chloe'mind '): how does it stay immersed? The water is definitely too hot!

(Chloe): I'm going in!

Chloe quickly immersed herself in the tub, enduring the heat without showing pain but only a smile, she didn't want to show weakness to who would go to train her.

(Helen'mind '): wow, I didn't think a little girl entered the hot water ... she probably used some magic.

(Helen): aah it's so relaxing! Thanks for helping me with the bathroom, to repay me I will not be hard on training, at least at the beginning of course.

(Chloe): I'm happy to help you, but I don't need you to go easy on me, in fact I would like to learn as fast as possible!

(Helen): as you wish ...

Sybille entered the bedroom window and immediately flew to Helen's bed, found the sheet and mattress completely soaked.

(Sybille): she didn't even try to hide ... who knows where she went and Chloe isn't there too, I think she can rest a little more then.

Sybille fell asleep on Chloe's dry bed.

Fredegunde woke up immediately afterwards, the panties and the bed were slightly wet, but not with peeing, probably Fredegunde had become very excited in her sleep.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I'm dry, this is new, I have to go though!

Fredegunde got out of bed and picked up a night blue dress from the ultra-dimensional warehouse.

~ bbrrraaphffff ~

Fredegunde turned in surprise, the sound came from Adallinda's bed, after all the elf had received part of the load of the sorceress in her bowels and added to her hours she really had to go, but she continued to sleep.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I only hope that he will not have a messy accident on her bed ... even though it would be nice to the view ...

Fredegunde changed her underwear into a pair of blue panties and bra, put on the rest of her clothes and went out to empty herself hoping to find a nice surprise on her return.

On his way out he smiled smiling at Helen's completely drenched bed and the puddle in front of the door.

Fredegunde came down the stairs of the inn and felt leaked, immediately put a hand between his legs and stopped.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I have to hurry, there was little missing!

Fredegunde limped out of the inn and attracted the innkeeper's attention who was initially banned but then decided to make his move.

(Innkeeper): lady, are you feeling well? Should he use the bathroom? The price is 1 gold coin!

(Fredegunde'mind '): fuck! What does this woman want?

(Fredegunde): I'm fine, I just wanted to get some fresh air in the early morning!

As the archmage asserted this confidently a dribbling warmed her panties and a slow drip trickled down her right leg.

(Innkeeper): it is clear that you need the bathroom, now she is not stupid and you pay for her needs.

(Fredegunde): okay, I have to go and water the flowers, so what? You have no right to tell me where to do it !, now move and let me out!

The innkeeper stepped between her and the door

(Innkeeper): if the guards saw you pee in public, the fine would be higher than a gold coin, so I'm just helping you, then as long as you're in the inn I command, and then it is customary to use the bathroom of the inn, now hurry up, if you have an accident you will have to pay the compensation fee!

Fredegunde became angry at the inn's words, but then smiled

(Fredegunde): What if I told you that the one who will have an accident is you?

(Innkeeper): don't be silly, I don't even have to go, I don't advise you to waste time joking, know that I could think of increasing the due compensation for the compensation since you insist on postponing the visit to the bathroom!

(Fredegunde'mind '): Okay, you deserved it.

Fredegunde activated the mind control magic.

(Fredegunde): Can you hear me?

(Innkeeper): yes!

(Fredegunde): I am your mistress and from now on you will obey my every order or request ok?

(Innkeeper): yes!

(Fredegunde): well, from now on you won't ask for any more money to use the bathroom, did we understand each other?

(Innkeeper): yes!

(Fredegunde): well, from tonight you will start to wet the bed and every time someone close to you will say the word "pee" then you will piss on whatever you are doing!

(Innkeeper): yes!

(Fredegunde): ok then wake up!

The archimage snapped his fingers and the innkeeper came out of his trance.

(Fredegunde): how are you lady?

(Innkeeper): well, I just feel a little shaken ...

(Fredegunde): Can you tell me where the bathroom is? I really need to pee.

~ pssssssssshhh ~

A puddle of steaming urine formed under the innkeeper.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I almost lost sight but it worked!

(Innkeeper): excuse me, I don't know how it happened ... the bathroom is at the end of the corridor to its right ... these are the keys, now I'm sorry but I need clean clothes ...

The innkeeper went to change and Fredegunde limped to the bathroom door with both hands planted between her legs, with all his willpower and self-control he managed to insert the key and open the door, but once inside the release began, first one spray then another, then another.

(Fredegunde): no!

With a waterfall falling between her legs, the sorceress lifted her dress and sat down without bothering to remove the blue panties that were now dark blue and she found relief by letting go.

(Fredegunde'mind '): it went badly ... however the feeling is still very pleasant ...

After half a minute of continuous flow, the archimage wanted to rub her pussy a little through her wet panties but did not do it because she wanted more to see the state of Adallinda, then after a spell of total cleaning and a quick drying she returned to the room.

Meanwhile Sybille had woken up in the room with a strong urge to pee, but now that she loved this new and unknown sensation she absolutely did not want to let her out and then she curled up in Chloe's bed, instead Aloce had fallen asleep again and Adallinda slept releasing every now and then gas.

Chloe and Helen were still in the tub which now had a more acceptable temperature.

(Helen): ok, I think it's time to get out of the tub.

(Chloe): why? right now that the temperature is perfect ... we will go with the magic of flying anyway ...

(Helen): because I don't want to travel too late, even if we will travel by flying I think people are dying from demons, I want to prevent the unjust deaths of the innocent! You too should have good reasons to return quickly to the capital right?

(Chloe): you're right! I have to save my stepsisters!

(Helen): remember to keep your goals focused before the fun, now let's go!

(Chloe): yes!

The two got up but when Helen was about to leave ...

~ psshhh ~

~ piddle-paddle ~

(Chloe): Helen?

The bounty hunter's face turned red, she didn't feel the slightest go but she had lost a significant jet nonetheless.

(Helen): it's all right ...

(Helen'mind '): how is it possible? Ah, right! That fairy! But that means ...

~ pssssssssshhh ~

Just then Sybille lost her grip on Chloe's bed and as a result Helen's urethra also opened, making Chloe hear a hissing and splashing sound.

(Chloe): ahahaha, sorry but your face is really comic right now ...

(Helen): don't look! It's not my fault! It's obviously that curse fairy!

(Chloe): I guess not because Sybille explained to me that her curse suddenly makes her wet but you lost before a full release ... so don't accuse poor Sybille who is now having an accident because of you!

Helen was completely blown away, did not know how to fight back and therefore simply decided to get dressed in silence and go out.

(Helen): take my bag in the room please and tell the others that I will wait for you for the departure.

(Chloe): it will be a pleasure, in a little while.

Meanwhile Fredegunde had gone back to her room and was now in front of Adallinda not knowing whether to wake her up or not, she was forbidden.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I would love to help you clean up from an accident ... but I don't even want to be the cause, I decided, I will wake you up!

While the sorceress was about to gently shake the sleeping elf ....

~ bbrrrraappt ~

~ ffrrrt ~

~ flooort ~

Poor Adallinda lost control and released her bowels on the bed.

~ hssssssssshhh ~

Now even a hiss could be easily audible.

(Fredegunde'mind '): it's as if a wish of mine has come true!

After a little sniffing and contemplation, Fredegunde decided to wake her up.

(Fredegunde): hey babe, I think it's time to wake up!

(Adallinda): ...

(Fredegunde): hey, I think you need cleaning.

(Adallinda): ... good morning ... clean myself? Why?

(Fredegunde): I think you had an accident ...

Adallinda unconsciously put her hand on her lower back and felt a foreign body in her panties, accompanied by an unpleasant smell and great humidity.

(Adallinda): I ... I ... I don't believe it!

Fredegunde was both terribly excited and sorry for the elf.

(Fredegunde): don't worry, now I will help you clean up and I assure you that I won't tell anyone.

(Adallinda): do you promise?

(Fredegunde): of course, now get up.

(Adallinda): ok ...

Adallinda removed the blanket and let the archimage see the size of her accident.

Adallinda's poor panties were slightly lowered due to the heavy load and Fredegunde could not help smiling.

(Adallinda): you could help me with magic quickly ... it's embarrassing and I absolutely don't want to be seen like that.

Fredegunde nodded and started casting spells to make the dirt of Adallinda and her bed disappear, of course always with a small smile.

(Adallinda'mind): I'm glad that only Fredegunde saw me like this ... I only wonder if it's not his work ... he's smiling if I'm not mistaken ...

Fredegunde finished cleaning everything in the room and Adallinda got dressed.

(Fredegunde): I hope that in the future we can have fun together like last night ...

(Adallinda): I too would like ...

The sorceress and the elf blushed.

(Fredegunde): well now it's time to leave, are you ready to fly?

(Adallinda): yes, I can't wait, yesterday it scared me at the beginning but I think flying is fantastic, let's go!

(Fredegunde'mind '): who knows if the others are ready to go.

The elf and the sorceress went to the communicating room.

(Chloe): Good morning big sister! Good morning Adallinda!

(Fredegunde): Good morning Chloe, did you wake up dry? I see that you have already prepared yourself, are you impatient to return to save the citizens of the capital?

Chloe blushed at Fredegunde's question.

(Chloe): big sister! Don't ask me these things in front of the others ... however completely dry!

And yes, I want to go see how my stepsisters are doing.

(Fredegunde): well, we will leave very soon.

(Adallinda): Goodmorning Chloe, it's time to wake these sleepyheads! Where's Helen anyway?

(Chloe): it's already out waiting for us, now I wake up Alice and Sybille and then we can leave.

(Chloe): big sister, could you clean the beds with magic? I don't want the innkeeper to find out.

(Fredegunde): I agree.

(Fredegunde'mind '): it would seem that only Helen had an accident ... however that puddle in front of the door ...

Fredegunde looked around and saw Alice's clothes on the chair, recognized a pair of wet black panties among them, they were undoubtedly Alice's.

(Fredegunde'mind '): so she was after all.

Fredegunde wiped the puddle, the beds except Chloe's who thought she was dry and Alice's black panties.

(Chloe): great sister job! Now if you want you can go down to eat something for breakfast, I'm not hungry, I'll take care of it here.

(Adallinda): sounds good, come on!

(Fredegunde): ok I'll take you, Chloe hurry, we must leave as soon as possible, I would like to get to the capital before it gets dark.

(Chloe): okay!

The sorceress and the elf went down to the ground floor of the inn and went for breakfast.

(Chloe): wake up Alice! We have to leave and you have to prepare.

(Alice): ... yes, I am awake, here I am getting dressed.

Alice jumped out of bed still naked after putting her panties to dry and causing Chloe to blush slightly and looked away.

Alice dressed and marveled at the speed of drying the panties and the puddle, hoping that the latter had not been cleaned by one of them and that no one would ask her questions.

Chloe took Helen's bag and then it was ready.

(Chloe): are you ready to fly?

(Alice): it scares me a little but at the same time it attracts me, besides I can't wait to kill some demon!

(Chloe): that's what they say! Here we go!

(Alice): yes!

The two went out and reunited with Adallinda and Fredegunde, once the four drank together and all but Chloe ate something.

Meanwhile in the room Sybille got up from Chloe's bed, who now had a car of small directions due to his half-intentional accident. The fairy wiped and dried the bed too and then went out the window to find Helen impatient to leave.

(Sybille): good morning Helen, did you sleep well?

(Helen): yes but not thanks to you ...

Sybille expected a more angry and severe reaction, did not understand the reason but it was fine.

The highs finished breakfast and all gathered outside the inn after greeting the innkeeper and taking food and water in case of need.

Chloe gave the bag to Helen and then Fredegunde started talking.

(Fredegunde): I can see that you are all ready, now I will explain what the plan is, to begin with I tell you that for a magician there are three different ways to fly, the first is the perfect one, or telekinesis, with it you it loses little magical power, it is the easiest to control and the fastest, however it cannot be used simultaneously on multiple objects, or at least I am not capable of it.

The second way is to completely cancel the gravity of your body and use the magic of the wind to move around, this is the way we will use it.

(Alice'mind '): and the third way?

(Adallinda): I'm ready to go, shall we go?

(Chloe): yes, let's go and save the capital!

(Helen): I'm ready, but first I would like to know how long you think it will take to get to your destination and also what road you think you are going.

(Fredegunde): it's a difficult question, I think in 12 hours we will have to do it, the distance is about 600 miles, I intend to pass traveling at a height slightly above the top of the trees and following the shortest way thanks to my clairvoyance spell .

(Helen): just as I thought, I do not recommend this, if we go directly to the capital with the shortest way, it means that we will have to pass over the valley of the dragons.

(Fredegunde): so what? They won't attack us so easily, my ring will keep away wyverns and minor dragons, and I doubt that we will be attacked by a higher or worse dragon.

(Helen): as you prefer, I have no more questions, we can go.

(Adallinda): I have a question, how do you think you can use the magic of the wind on all of us simultaneously and in coordination?

(Fredegunde): it's simple, I will lock ourselves all in a magical platform and use magic to move the platform and not each of us individually.

(Sybille): so you will also save a good amount of magic power right?

(Fredegunde): exactly.

(Chloe): are we leaving then?

(All): yes!

Fredegunde created a large magical platform under the party, had a hemispherical shape with a flat floor, then eliminated the gravity of the so-called sphere and with an upward current made it reach beyond the height of the inn, then with the magic of clairvoyance he saw in in the distance the blue dot that indicated the position of the capital and with the magic of the wind began to move the platform and Alice frightened felt a small heat indicating that it had slightly leaked into her panties, consequently she blushed a little hoping that no one would notice.

(Alice): I don't want us to fall from such a height ...

(Fredegunde): quiet, I'm not a beginner.

Even Chloe and Adallinda who were frightened after reaching cruising speed relax, Helen closed her eyes and went into a light sleep while Sybille began to feel the urge to pee again and went to sit in a corner with her legs crossed not wanting anyone to notice her while enjoying the restraint.

Half an hour passed and the girls entered the valley of the dragons, there was little vegetation and most of the soil was full of holes of all sizes and rocks of all colors, it was certainly a tempting place for adventurers but still a place too dangerous to be explored, every now and then Fredegunde could see a dragon that however quickly moved away once it entered the radius of action of the magic ring of the archimage. However if someone had looked up high you could see a shadow above the clouds that followed the girls' platform,

Helen woke up after about ten minutes.

(Helen): I see that we are already almost out of the valley of the dragons, we are traveling very quickly, if we continue like this we will arrive before sunset.

(Fredegunde): you are right but I estimated 12 hours calculating the breaks to recover my magic power, have a snack or go to the bathroom.

Sybille, who was about to lose the urge to go to the bathroom, lost a 3-second click in her panties, causing Helen to lose too.

(Helen'mind '): I just leaked ... how? I don't need to pee ...

Helen looked for Sybille who was already looking at her, and then.

~ pssssssssshhh ~

The bladder of the fairy and the bounty hunter empties completely.

Chloe and Alice started to giggle and Fredegunde got a little excited at the sight of Helen's face as she lost control without being able to do anything.

(Sybille'mind '): an accident is much better than Helen who finds out I can keep her ...

Helen's bladder even if not even at 20% of its capacity saturated Helen's previously yellowed white panties and then poured into the leather pants that did not help absorb anything and therefore a large puddle began to form which gradually expanded on the bottom perfectly magic platform plate.

(Chloe): big sister do something Helen's puddle is expanding across the platform!

Fredegunde wiped all the urine from the puddle and released the vapors from the platform to avoid smelling.

(Helen): fuck! It's not fair ... I know it's not your fault but please notify me when you're about to lose!

(Helen'mind '): now I have to stay with wet panties for the whole trip ... what a nuisance!

(Adallinda): it's not her fault ... if you want Sybille I can give you a potion that increases the size of your bladder and continence for a limited period of time, so at least more time will pass before I have to go again, be careful though since when the effect ends and the bladder narrows it is impossible to keep peeing ... I know from personal experience ...

Adallinda blushed and Fredegunde was aroused by feeling her pussy get slightly wet.

(Sybille): thank you, I accept with gratitude!

Sybille took the potion and drank it, Fredegunde also took the first magic recovery potion and drank it.

Now that the atmosphere was calmer and more relaxed, Helen immediately noticed a shadow following them from above the clouds.

(Helen): Shouldn't that ring fend off dragons?

(Fredegunde): exactly, I had the confirmation a little while ago why?

(Helen): I have the impression that something big has been following us for a while ...

(Fredegunde): really? Where is it?

(Helen): look up ...

Just as if waiting for that moment, the creature that followed them fell below the level of the new ones, it was an immense dragon of bluish color and numerous blue crystals sprouted on its skin, now all of a sudden the being emanated a strong aura of power and power, he was surely a very dangerous enemy.

(Fredegunde): ... we are in trouble is an elder sapphire dragon.

(Helen): I'm not a dragon expert, how bad is it?

(Fredegunde): as every mineral dragon takes on the properties and hardness of the mineral it feeds on when young, a sapphire dragon, in addition to being rare, is also incredibly powerful and this is even an elder dragon ...

In a few words it will be really difficult to defeat him, let's hope he won't attack us ...

(Helen): I told you not to go through this place!

(Fredegunde): I didn't think I would find such a being ... from what I have studied I know that the probability of meeting an elder dragon is very low, however it is not said that he attacks us!

After Fredegunde's words, the dragon descended to a height of about 150 meters (500 ft) from the magic platform and making itself visible in all its magnificence and grandeur.

~ pssssssssshhh ~

~ pssst ~

Now the dragon's aura of fear had touched extreme levels causing Alice to lose a 3-second jet that was now whitened by fear and she found a warm and wet feeling against her femininity.

@@the elf who had never seen a dragon before was not so lucky and completely lost by immersing the green dress with all her pee.

Helen and Sybille maintained control also thanks to their empty bladder, Chloe and Fredegunde instead were not influenced by the frightening aura thanks to their enchanted equipment.

(Helen): damn it! That thing is too big! Take us to the ground, it is clear that it has hostile intentions!

(Fredegunde): calm down, girls hold on tight, accelerate!

Fredegunde instantly multiplied the speed of the wind that pushed them.

The dragon that was following them was struck by this sudden increase in the speed of its target and tried to increase the speed, realizing that it could not reach the target emitted a strong roar for reasons still unknown.

(Chloe): big sister! it seems that you managed to sow it!

(Fredegunde): yes, I don't know how long it can maintain this speed ...

Fredegunde was breathing more heavily and took another potion to restore magical power again.

(Fredegunde'mind '): that verse is strange ... it doesn't seem to be angry, it's more like something else ... a call! I have a bad feeling ...

(Adallinda): I'm afraid, please get away as much as possible!

(Sybille): yes, please run away!

The elf and the fairy begged trembling to run away quickly.

(Fredegunde): what do you think he wants to do?

(Alice): Chloe ... I'm afraid.

(Chloe): you have nothing to fear Alice, the big sister and I will protect you!

Alice and Chloe took each other's hands comforting each other.

About a mile ahead in the direction where the girls proceeded, a woman with sapphire eyes and hair and dressed in a white dress with blue stones set was stationed just below the clouds as if she seemed to wait for the girls to arrive, when the platform the woman came closer and stopped floating and swooped.

The only ones who noticed her presence were the archimage thanks to her sensing magic and the bounty hunter with her developed instinct, but they realized it too late, with a second the woman was over the ball and with a fist he shattered it by precipitating all but Sybille and Fredegunde who could fly.

Chloe activated her ring and thanks to her divine armor she landed elegantly with Alice in her arms without feeling any pain.

(Chloe): Alice! Are you OK?

~ psssshhh ~

Alice's almost empty bladder emptied completely out of surprise and fear of sudden fall.

(Alice): thanks to you I'm fine ... but something tells me that I need new clothes ...

(Chloe): don't worry, I too almost lost control over the surprise, what was it anyway?

Meanwhile, Helen had taken Adallinda on the fly and with her physical skills they landed amortized, just on the ground, Helen immediately took the bow and began to look for the figure that had attacked them in the air.

The woman had immediately understood which of the girls represented a danger, obviously the archimage and therefore had attacked her first, but thanks to the physical enhancement and the magic of the flight Fredegunde dodged every blow that the woman had struck, which she left extremely surprised and happy to have found a strong opponent.

(Woman): hi sorceress, my name is Ervolzal, I hope to be satisfied with our fight!

(Fredegunde): I'm Fredegunde, why did you attack us, what do you want?

(Ervolzal): there is no time for questions, if you defeat me, an impossible thing for a human, I will be happy to answer your questions!

The woman immediately after stopping to speak struck a powerful punch against the archimage, which however did not hit her thanks to a spherical magic cage that wrapped Ervolzal at the last second, the barrier was the thickest that the archimage could do with so little time available but it seemed enough to imprison the woman.

(Fredegunde'mind '): there was little lack ... I have to be very careful ... I don't think it's human, but not even a demon, I don't know what it is but it's obvious that he wants to kill me, I can't even distract myself for a blink of an eye.

(Ervolzal): you are good, but you have no hope against me!

The woman threw a volley of powerful punches against the barrier, which however showed no sign of breaking, this gave Fredegunde to load the elemental ray, one of his strongest attack spells, as the element he chose lightning, this time it was not as against Helen, did not hold back in the least, wanted to win the clash pr

(Ervolzal'mind '): its magical power is truly impressive, creating such a strong barrier is incredible ... not that it scares me!

Ervolzal sent every magical particle of his body into his right hand and with a catastrophic punch shattered the cage, but Fredegunde had finished loading the elemental beam and immediately threw it against the woman.

(Ervolzal'mind '): oh shit ...

Ervolzal was unable to dodge and the biggest lightning bolt he had ever seen struck her directly and slammed her hard on the ground, she was now seriously injured but still alive.

~ psssssssssssssssshhh ~

~ sprrrpt ~

~ blllorrrrrpptpt ~

(Ervolzal): fuck!

A cascade of piss completely immersed the woman's dress and a muddy mess made its way out of her anus.

(Ervolzal'mind '): I have never been humiliated in my life! This sorceress enters our territory and makes me dirty alone! He will pay me!

Fredegunde thought for a moment that he had killed his opponent but still felt his presence, suddenly a huge accumulation of energy could be felt around the woman, Fredegunde immediately threw a volley of fireballs to permanently eliminate his opponent before he used that huge one amount of energy, unfortunately, even before the fireballs could reach Ervolzal, a blue light followed by the release of vapor enveloped the woman, and between the cloud a shadow expanded to become larger than the first dragon previously seen by the girls.

(Fredegunde'mind '): oh fuck! He was a dragon in human form ... with such power ... the situation has reversed, now my chances of victory are almost close to zero ... I just have to give up ...

The fireballs collide with Ervolzal's impenetrable skin and exploded, sweeping away the steam and showing the body of one of the strongest dragons ever.

(Ervolzal): I am Ervolzal, the third in command of the valley of dragons, The fullcrystal Blue! You insignificant human who dared to hurt me deserves suffering far worse than death!

The sapphire dragon completely released its frightening aura and prepared to launch its fire-breath.

~ psssssssssssssssss ~

Fredegunde was now terrified, she was shaking uncontrollably as a familiar warmth tickled her thighs and a steady stream fell from under her skirt.

(Ervolzal'mind '): now that I'm a dragon are you afraid? You are pathetic, now you die!

Ervolzal thought so as he saw Fredegunde motionless in midair while getting wet, she was still annoyed to be able to kill the woman before making her dirty herself like she did.

(Helen): Fredegunde! Move!

Helen saw the transformation of the dragon and then a Fredegunde motionless waiting for her own death and could not accept it, then she shouted to Fredegunde, took an arrow from the quiver and with her bow shot it in the open jaws of the dragon, slightly delaying her fire -breath and shaking the archmage's mind.

(Fredegunde'mind '): what am I doing! Accepting death so easily is stupid! Helen is here, in two we will kill this dragon!

(Ervolzal'mind '): ouch, that arrow hurts! But it doesn't matter, whoever launched it, I will think shortly after killing that annoying sorceress!

Ervolzal fired his powerful fire-breath making the figure of the archimage completely disappear in the fire.

(Helen): Nooooooo!

Helen took more arrows and shot them in succession at the dragon, which however did not seem to care much.

(Ervolzal'mind '): pathetic! I had made myself a much higher expectation! I overestimated you, this is what you deserve after humiliating me! It burns!

After a few seconds the flames dissipated and there was no trace of Fredegunde.

(Ervolzal): Now it's your saucy archer turn!

(Fredegunde): not so infected!

(Helen): Fredegunde!

(Ervolzal): you amaze me again, I thought you had given up on my appearance, but I warn you, from now on I will be serious!

(Fredegunde): I don't ask for more!

Fredegunde said to Helen with her mind: "at some point I will hurt her badly, at that point you attach her with the sword to the head and wings, in the meantime use the arrows to distract her!".

The dragon rose in flight with a lightning bolt leaving huge craters where its four legs rested, quickly headed towards the position of the archmage and with a turnaround he tried to give her a shot of the tail enough to split the top of a mountain in half .

Fredegunde with a fluid movement avoided it and combining the magic of wind and fire created a vortex of flames that completely enveloped the dragon.

(Ervolzal): you can't hurt me with mediocre magic! And you can't dodge forever, you're only delaying your death!

Fredegunde loaded the elemental ray again, this time he maximized it by combining all the elements together and releasing an energy similar to that of a small sun, he felt emptied of magical power and consequently completely relaxed all the muscles by making drops come out of his bladder again and heating the panties again.

Ervolzal understood how powerful the magic that was about to be thrown at her was and then with a flapping of wings she dodged the vortex of flames and pounced on Fredegunde ready to tear it to pieces with her teeth and claws, just when the archimage a barrage of arrows was about to hit it hit the dragon's muzzle, which slowed it down for a few moments allowing Fredegunde to complete the preparation.

(Fredegunde): die!

(Ervolzal'mind '): oh fuck ...

A radiant and terribly incandescent beam struck the dragon's body in full, which cried out in pain as it crashed to the ground.

To cast such a powerful spell in such a short time, Fredegunde had to resort to using over-magic and for this reason he had now almost lost consciousness and was slowly floating towards the ground while trying with the little strength left to open a recovery potion and releasing some soreggia due to the effort.

(Ervolzal'mind '): damn it, I didn't even protect myself!

It will take a while to recover from such injuries!

Ervolzal was now slumped on the ground covered with burns, even the sapphire crystals on his skin had melted due to the high temperature.

(Helen): Now it's my turn!

Taking advantage of the dragon's momentary inability to move, she rushed to her body to do as the archmage had told her and cut off her wings.

(Ervolzal): no! Stop!

Ervolzal could do nothing and Helen stuck her sword into the dragon's shoulder and started to move it to cut the wings, letting fresh blood flow out and making the now defenseless mighty dragon heal and growl in pain.

@@however the sapphire dragon first met by the group appeared to save his master.

(Dragon): Lady Ervolzal, I will protect you!

The dragon with a consortium struck Helen who parried herself with the sword limiting the damage but still being swept away.

(Ervolzal): I know I said to leave the invaders to me, but you could have arrived a little earlier anyway ... look at this woman as she almost cut me off a wing ...

(Dragon): my lady, my master, forgive me, from now on I will protect you with my own life!

Ervolzal returned to human form and climbed on the dragon's back.

(Ervolzal): well, kill this woman while I recover my energy.

Now Ervolzal had no obvious wounds in her human form but she was truly weakened, she could not fight or transform for at least a few hours and unless she was treated with a powerful spell it would take her at least half a day to fully recover her strength.

(Dragon): it will be an honor to fight with Lady Ervolzal on the shoulders!

The dragon rushed to Helen, who elegantly dodged the blow of the tail and tried to cut the side of the dragon, unfortunately his sword did not manage to pierce the robust sapphire scales of the dragon, before it had only succeeded thanks to the immensely powerful Fredegunde's magic, but now the sorceress was nowhere to be seen and therefore had to do it alone, for a while she continued to dodge trying to attack with a sword and a bow, but after a few minutes she was tired and in a moment of distraction she was hit by a dragon's claw, she cut her chain mail in mithril and cut the flesh on her side causing a considerable amount of blood to escape, then a tail hit her making her moan in pain and fly and then land on the ground rolling and crashing against a boulder.

(Helen'mind '): why do we have to face two such powerful dragons ... if only Fredegunde were here ... no! I can't count on her, she defeated the biggest threat, compared to Ervolzal this dragon is child's play, I refuse to die like that!

(Ervolzal): great job, now finish it!

(Dragon): yes!

The dragon flew over Helen and prepared to launch her fire-breath, Helen then tried to get up but could not.

(Helen'mind '): I think I have some fractures, for just a simple tail I can't move, what humiliation, I don't deserve to live, I'm weak, I can't compare myself to Fredegunde ...

The dragon released the fire-breath.

(Helen'mind '): it's over for me ...

~ sssptprlrlrrt ~

~ bllort ~

Helen closed her eyes now resigned to the inevitable and releasing her bowels filling the white panties with a semisolid mush.

@@but when the fire was about to swallow her a figure wearing full golden armor jumped in front of her and deflected the flames without hesitation, she had a flowing red hair that was not affected in the slightest by the fire, she was only a child but now she gave off a powerful aura that would make anyone feel safe, it was Chloe.

(Chloe): sorry I'm late, we had to defeat five lesser sapphire dragon, now we're going to help you.

Three knives and a burst of ice flakes were thrown respectively by Alice and Sybille precisely against the dragon's muzzle.

(Chloe): Adallinda! I need a health potion!

(Adallinda): I have something better.

Adallinda handed Helen a rainbow potion that shone with its own light, the bounty hunter took it without hesitation and once she drank she felt the energies return with interests.

(Helen): This stuff is fantastic!

Helen got up, took the sword and rushed at full speed against the dragon, regardless of the hot mass that at each step left her panties to drain them from the holes in the leather pants, now she wanted to cut those sapphire scales even at the cost of breaking the own sword.

(Chloe): wait, I'm coming too!

Chloe imagined holding a sword and a golden sword in her hand thanks to the ring, stopped to admire its beauty for a few seconds to jump on the dragon's back and plant the dragon's skin sword with a fluid movement without it doing no resistance.

The dragon screamed in pain and struggled to shake the attacker.

(Ervolzal): keep calm! Fly high and unplug!

(Dragon): yes!

The dragon still in pain due to the blows of Chloe and Helen began to think rationally and as Ervolzal had advised her took flight and climbed in altitude, Chloe and the bounty hunter were still on her, however, and continued to hit, doing almost losing consciousness to the dragon who managed to get above the clouds anyway.

(Ervolzal): now drop them! Don't worry about me, I can fly!

The dragon began to rotate on itself, until Helen's sword, which had just penetrated its scales, came loose, causing the bounty hunter to fall.

(Helen'mind '): fuck! If I fall from this height I don't know if I will be able to survive!

~ pssssh ~

(Helen'mind '): am I wrong or am I becoming incontinent?

Helen lost a click in her now no longer white panties, however this time it was because of Sybille and not hers, but she could not know and therefore both because of the thought of her probable incontinence and perhaps death from the impact of the fall, a tear it ran down her cheek, but both her concerns were unfounded, because a hand grabbed her.

(Chloe): I'll get you!

Chloe imagined her sword reaching out and so she did, she thought she had become good at using the ring.

(Ervolzal): no, you both fall!

Ervolzal took the sword stuck in the dragon's body and with all the remaining forces she managed to detach it at the cost of releasing new urine that ran down her legs.

Chloe and Helen started to fall.

(Chloe): sorry Helen, I should have planted the sword deeper!

(Helen): you don't have to apologize, the same goes for me!

The two continued to fall

(Chloe): Do you think we will survive the fall?

Before Chloe could answer, a tail struck both of them making them accelerate further, it was the sapphire dragon that tried to give her the coup de grace.

The two shouted as they continued to fall, Chloe although the ring increased her continence and courage leaked a little in her panties and Helen emptied again all that remained in her bowels, when, however, the two were about to touch the ground they stopped suddenly.

(Fredegunde): sorry for the wait, now let's teach these dragons a lesson!

(Chloe): big sister!

(Helen): Fredegunde!

(Fredegunde): are you ready to fly?

(Chloe + Helen): yes!

(Fredegunde): well let's go!

Fredegunde created 2 magical platforms under two and all three girls rose in altitude at lightning speed.

(Ervolzal): fuck! They approach, I think we should withdraw, after all the others have also been defeated ...

(Ervolzal'mind '): who are these girls? Are they human?

(Dragon): as you wish, retired!

However

(Fredegunde): not so infected, at least we want an apology and compensation!

(Ervolzal): you would do well to accept the victory, if a superior dragon arrives it could kill us and you with a simple fire-breath!

(Helen): it will mean that we will wait for him together with open arms!

(Chloe): Now come ashore and apologize to all of us!

(Ervolzal): okay, let's go down!

(Dragon): as you wish!

Once on the ground, the dragon also transformed into human form and unlike Ervolzal who still retained a part of his powerful aura, he seemed almost an ordinary woman, only gifted with beauty thanks to her beautiful features, eyes and blue hair.

After a heated discussion the two dragon women wisely decided to apologize and after giving the girls a large number of minerals, mainly sapphires they left with the promise: "next time we will bring you to your knees" and receiving the answer: "we don't see time!".

Fredegunde drank a recovery potion again, the girls cleaned themselves from their accidents in turn behind a boulder and then left for the capital on the magic platform.

[meanwhile in the demonic territory]

(Brarzomoth): Oh my powerful empress, forgive my daughter who has not recognized your supreme majesty, if this has offended her in some way I will be happy to pay with my daughter's life, no, with my own life!

Brarzomoth, the demon rector of the demonic village prostrated himself with his forehead touching the ground in front of Eisheth, while his daughter watched the scene from afar from a distance and when she heard her father offer her life, she leaked into the new panties that she had recently changed.

(Eisheth): my faithful servant, it makes no sense to kill you or your daughter, it would be a waste of demonic blood, our enemies are the other races, take me to my castle in the deconsecrated capital and from there I will organize the invasion to reconquer the world that once belonged to us!

(Brarzomoth): it will be an honor to listen to you in the capital, waitress!

In a voice that shook the expenses and walls of the building, the rector demon called a waitress, therefore, all the waitresses who heard the voice ran as fast as possible to the rector demon who called them.

(all the waitresses): how can we satisfy it?

(Brarzomoth): Prepare the most majestic carriage pulled by the fastest demonic beast, the supreme one, the empress of death, has returned to guide and command us, she must return to her castle as soon as possible, hurry, who will do her job well will be rewarded, those who make the slightest mistake or lose even a second to do something useless as thinking will be murdered seductively!

(all the waitresses): yes!

In a few minutes a terrifying and majestic carriage made of a black metal that oppressed and amazed even the most evil demon was ready with four demonic horses with red eyes and eight legs tied.

(all the waitresses): everything is ready!

(Brarzomoth): oh my empress, this humble servant of yours asks permission to accompany her as his personal guard, not that he wants to insinuate that you oh supreme need protection, however if someone in the deconsecrated capital decides not to accept it, I do not think it right that your majesty should be disturbed to kill such scum!

(Eisheth): okay, I will take you as a personal guard, now let's start quickly, from what I understand we are a week away, I would like to arrive as soon as possible.

Eisheth left in the carriage of absolute evil for the desecrated capital.

(Brarzomoth): oh my empress, let me inform you that with these demonic horses we will arrive safely in the capital by tomorrow morning.

(Eisheth): this is good news! Now I'm sorry but I would like to meditate in absolute silence to recover my magic power more quickly, so don't disturb me for any reason!

(Brarzomoth): I mean oh your supreme majesty!

(Brarzomoth'mind '): who knows what he means to recover the magical power?

[Meanwhile in the guild of magicians of the human capital]

(Magician of court 1): we have blocked demons in the internal walls and most of the citizens have been evacuated!

(Magician of court 2): there are no traces of the duchess or the emperor, however we have put the princesses safe!

(Court Wizard 3): The first group of adventurers and members of the wizarding guild was blown away by a single female demon!

(Court magician 4): archmage, how do comets proceed? we await orders!

(Lailena): first gather the archers and wizards on the walls and keep the demons away from the walls, then calm the inhabitants avoiding to panic them and finally form a group of elite warriors and magicians and together defeat the demons in the walls, afterwards I will enter the scene and cancel the pandemonium spell.

(Lailena'mind '): And then I will become empress in addition to arcimage, I could create a new title, supreme magical empress sounds good!

[near the human capital]

After about eight hours of travel between continuous flight and a few stops for a swim or to have a snack, the girls had almost arrived in the capital, now they had risen a lot, about a thousand meters high (3280 ft), it was still day and there were 3 hours to sunset, the girls hoped to be able to help the inhabitants before night.

(Fredegunde): we are almost there!

(Helen): my armor and my sword are damaged, could you take a detour to the north gate of the capital?

(Chloe): Can't we get you an enchanted armor from the adventurers guild? I don't want to waste time, I want to make sure my stepsisters are fine ...

Chloe also had another motivation for her impatience, she wanted to find a bathroom, she had been holding on for about 2 hours and her bladder was begging for release.

(Helen): you know, there is a friend of mine who works as a blacksmith, I commissioned her a sword and an armor with a total price of 3000 gold coins, I would like to go and get them before I die in battle because I don't have the equipment suitable, also this friend of mine is strong about like me, it will certainly help us!

(Alice): extra help is always handy, I agree on going to this friend, but three thousand gold coins ... it's an exaggerated figure ...

(Sybille): I think it's worth more than my father's armor ...

(Adallinda): Well I don't think that the armor of a little fairy as it is can cost me like that of a unan ...

(Sybille): hey, we will also be small but we have nothing to envy to other breeds ...

While quarreling Fredegunde looked carefully at the capital, he noticed a strange phenomenon, in the center the capital seemed darker, as if the night had already fallen only at that point.

(Fredegunde'mind '): as I thought is the forbidden spell pandemonium, however it seems the basic form, if the original demon really fought against Katherine it is strange to have used a non-final form spell, obviously the soul eater, she who defeated Katherine should be able to do something superior to a pandemonium, the fact that he didn't do it is suspect, I have to be careful.

(Fredegunde): So we agree on going through the north gate?

(All): yes!

(Fredegunde): Okay, then we'll fly over the city!

The party began to pass over the city and when the platform was above the center of the internal walls, despite the distance from the pandemonium's territory of influence, an oppressive aura of terror and violence could still be felt.

(Sybille): Helen have you leaked? You made me wet my panties!

(Helen): it was obvious that it wasn't my fault!

(Sybille): no it wasn't my fault, I'm still under the influence of Adallinda's potion!

Helen blushed but before she could speak to argue ...

~ ppphhffffrrrrtttt ~

An unmistakably loud fart sound echoed suddenly on the platform.

(Chloe): ok, who was it?

(Alice): don't look at me! I'm afraid but I just peed a little!

Alice blushed terribly after declaring she had wet her panties.

(Adallinda): obviously it wasn't me!

(Helen): me neither!

(Sybille): when I pass the gas I don't feel it.

All the girls looked at the only one who was silent, from behind and with a slightly lowered head, or the archimage.

(Chloe): big sister ?!

(Fredegunde): sorry!

(All): ahahahahaha ... ahahaha.

(Fredegunde): stop laughing!

~ frrrtt ~

Fredegunde screamed but due to the effort he released another fart shorter but still loudly.

(Chloe): again?

(All): ahahahah.

(Helen): it seems that someone will soon need a change of underwear if this continues!

Fredegunde blushed crimson and the girls burst out laughing even louder and when they stopped they had already arrived above the north gate.

(Fredegunde): ok I start the descent.

As they landed on the walls of the north gate, a group of archers charged with killing the flying demons fired a volley of arrows at the platform of the girls who obviously could not even scratch it and fell to the ground.

(Helen): nice welcome ...

(Alice): can you blame them? I'm in the middle of an emergency ...

(Soldier 1): identification!

(Soldier 2): throw your weapons away!

(Paladin): you don't look like demons, however landing from the sky from nothing is suspicious, who are you?

(Fredegunde): We are adventurers who have accepted the mission of helping the capital's army in repelling demons.

(Helen): we come from the border, we left in flight this morning.

(Paladin): I know most of the strongest adventurers and I have never seen you before, what is your group called?

(Chloe): We are a newly formed party so we don't have a name yet.

(Adallinda): do we have to give explanations for wanting to save the population?

(Soldier 2): shut your filthy half-human mouth!

(Fredegunde): enough is enough, you are exaggerating! Collect what you said immediately and leave us alone!

Fredegunde now had a purple sphere in the palm of his hand, it was an extreme pain spell, enough to make even the strongest of the giants pass out from pain and was now threatening the soldier who had discriminated against Adallinda, obviously the soldiers were scared at the sight of that spell and increasingly wary of the girls, some of them designed their weapons and those further away prepared to shoot with the bow, but the paladin who did not want a clash with those who probably were not a demon intervened.

(Paladin): soldier, we don't tolerate discrimination, sorry! And you adventurer, you are exaggerating, now withdraw that magic and talk about it calmly.

(Adallinda): no need to defend myself, I don't want you to get in trouble for me ...

Adallinda was actually happy that the archimage took up her defense and her theory that both good and bad humans existed was strengthened.

(Chloe): big sister, we show that we have no bad intentions ...

(Chloe'mind '): I have to pee!

Chloe was now almost hopping on the spot, she wanted the discussions to end as soon as possible to go in search of a bathroom or an alley to ease the pressure.

(Soldier 2): I apologize, I am just upset, it is the first time that I find myself in a similar situation ...

The soldier seemed sincere, in his life he had never seen an elf and therefore he did not treat him differently than he would treat a demon.

(Fredegunde): you're right, it doesn't make any sense to waste my magic on this soldier, so let us go?

(Paladin): it is not so simple, it would be useful if you let me see your adventurer guild cards and it would be excellent to have a person among our ranks who would confirm your identity.

(Helen): here are the cards, as far as a person I know is concerned ... I am a friend of Harriet the blacksmith, they were just going to his workshop.

(Paladin):... you are his friends so ...

(Paladin'mind'): that scary woman ...

The paladin glanced at the bounty hunter's card and after reading S class said, "all right, let them pass!".

(Fredegunde'mind '): it was easy ... this is a class adventurer esse for you.

(Helen): well let's go!

The girls headed for Harriet's shop.

End of Chapter 13!

World statistics:

Spoiler

Average adult fairy (70 years old):

Magic: 20

Strength: 1

Bladder: 5

Bowel: 5

Average demon:

Magic: 25

Strength: 50

Bladder: 16

Bowel: 16

Average adult elf (100 years old):

Magic: 40

Strength: 10

Bladder: 4

Bowel: 4

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Eisheth (demon empress and souls eater)

After the seal:

Magic: 0

Strength: ???

Bladder: ???

Bowel: ???

Chloe (Chlothsinda, A rank adventuress):

Magic: 200 (normally)

Magic with ultra-divine equipment: ???

Strength: [normally: 200 (basic) 250 (high magical boost)]

Strength with ultra-divine equipment: ???

Bladder: 10 (awake) 8 (sleeping)

Bowel: 10 (awake) 10 (sleeping)

Fredegunde (the perverted A rank adventuress):

Magic: 320 (basic) 420 (with magical items equipped)

Strength: 5 (basic) 150 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 10 (awake) 3 (sleeping)

Bowel: 5 (awake) 4 (sleeping)

Alice (B rank adventuress):

Magic: 0

Strength: 50

Bladder: 5 (awake) 4 (sleeping)

Bowel: 7 (awake) 7 (sleeping)

Adallinda (the wood elf)

Magic: 12

Strength: 12

Bladder: 7 (awake) 7 (sleeping)

Bowel: 6 (awake) 5 (sleeping)

Helen (bounty hunter):

Magic: 35

Strength: 150 (basic) 160 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 22 (awake) 16 (sleeping)

Bowel: 20 (awake) 14 (sleeping)

Sybille (fairy princess):

Magic: 40

Strength: 1 (basic) 2 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 2 (awake) -3 (sleeping)

Bowel: 8 (awake) 5 (sleeping)

Ervolzal the Fullcrystal Blue (third in dragons lords)

Magic: 40 (dragonic form) 160 (human form)

Strength: 640 (dragonic form) 160 (human form)

Bladder: ??? (dragonic form) 11 (human form)

Bowel: ??? (dragonic form) 11 (human form)

Average [Elder] Sapphire dragon (500 years old)

Magic: 20 (dragonic form) 80 (human form)

Strength: 320 (dragonic form) 80 (human form)

Average [Lesser] Sapphire dragon (100 years old)

Magic: 5 (dragonic form)

Strength: 80 (dragonic form)

Lailena (the new archmage)

Magic: 150 (basic)

Strength: 6 (basic) 75 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 6 (awake) 6 (sleeping)

Bowel: 6 (awake) 6 (sleeping)

Statistical info:

If the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

If the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the bowel can go down to a maximum of -3!

If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks!

