Just a fantasy world..

Author: Asuna.bed.wet.

*002*2019-12-26 22:15

Sorry for the calligraphy but the whole text is written in my native language (Italian) and has been subsequently translated into English with Google Translate.

The story was written for me so to satisfy my fetishes, don't read it if you don't want, Thanks !

❗ [DISCLAIMER: the chapter contains diapers!

I don't put it in fiction and fanfiction (padded / omutsu) because I'm not going to insert diapers in the next chapters, tell me if I should do it and maybe put a link] ❗

Chapter 2,wet angry princess:

Chloe was angry with her half-sister Elizabeth, she wanted to make him pay for being mistreated almost a year and she could not imagine how poor Isabel could bear her, Chloe never reacted, it can be said that in her childhood apart during her practice personal and in complete solitude she used magic almost reluctantly, this because her mother who was a paladin and who therefore used both magic and strength to fight in the eyes of Chloe was in a certain sense complete, Chloe instead felt herself incomplete, as if she had a deficiency, this made her suffer.

Her tutor even thought that she had no magical power, and therefore she was trained with a sword and was slightly above average.

In truth, however, his magical power was enormous, he was easily comparable to a demon magician or a minor dragon, obviously null if compared to that of his mother, but disgustingly worrying for an average human.

Right now Chloe's magical power was going out of control because she was angry, but a simple anger for a bad stepsister couldn't cause this, so why was Chloe going out of control?

Obviously because he had never faced neither anger nor the disproportionate amount of power he possessed.

(Elizabeth): are you angry? So what do I care?

I'm not afraid of someone who can't use magic like me, I have my sister to protect me, she is a genius, the best, I don't treat her badly!

Elizabeth was going from laughing to crying, she didn't care about Chloe at all but she liked her little sister.

(Isabel): sister we are in danger, Chloe is ... a monster ...

~psshhh~

~pfft~

Isabel could feel the enormous magical power coming from Chloe and now Isabel was getting completely wet while a lump of poop landed in her panties, now completely wet now, if the magic of illusion had been launched by any wizard then everyone could feel and they could instantly see what was going on under Isabel's green skirt, but she was a prodigy so the girls will only "smell" the odd smell.

(Elizabeth): little sister you are pale, almost white in the face, what do you mean by monster?

It's just our dear little wet princess ... she's not like her mother, that overpowered bitch ...

~Boom~

(Chloe): what did you say ... my mom ... mom!

(Isabel): Liz! run!

Chloe was crying blood, did not like the feeling she felt like she was swimming in the lava, she felt burning, she felt heavy, this happened because while she was angry she stopped controlling the magical power, this caused a state of fear and anger that Chloe had never tried, her red panties were now wet in front and behind, the skirt of her dress was burning so everyone could see her piss-soaked panties, but Elizabeth and Isabel doesn't care, Liz was blocked by fear, and Isabel was creating the strongest magic barrier she had ever erected in her entire life, she no longer had magical power in her body, she felt she was dying, but she had to save her and her sister, however ...

Suddenly Chloe jumped and kicked Elizabeth, hitting her directly in the belly, Chloe had used the high level physical enhancement, but it was a magic on herself so Isabel's barrier was useless ...

Chloe had sent Elizabeth flying and hit the wall.

Sounds of broken bones...

~prrt~

~pssssssssssashhh~

~pfft~

~brprphrtbtbtbt~

And "other" sounds echoed in the corridor...

Elizabeth's skirt was raised and she had her legs spread showing a pair of particularly thick pink but yellowed and dirty panties, Elizabeth used her "special panties" all the time even at school, this was because she was incontinent and suffered a lot, her sister understood her because she had the same problem at times and therefore with magic through cloths she invented what can be called "a diaper"

Obviously the piece of pink cloth could not contain the urine of an adult woman, let alone the feces, that's why Isabel had worked hard to enchant the "diaper" so that it absorbed everything, obviously Isabel was more than disgusted to be in contact with in his body waste and his pee for too long so he never put one (apart from to test it obviously)

(Chloe): AAAAAAAAAAAA...I am angry, I am very angry, I am furious I will kill you! I swear!

(Isabel 'mind'): my magic power is over, Chloe is ... a monster, it can't be it's a dream, now I'll wake up and everything will end ... sure ... a dream like that ... me it will make the bed wet ... when i wake up i want to make peace with my big sister Chloe

~splash~

~psshhh~

Isabel passed out in her sea of pee as she once again released what was left in her bladder.

~pfft~

Chloe had now also freed the intestine, she no longer had control over her body, if she continued like this the building would be destroyed, or at least would suffer serious damage until the arrival of the court wizards, but this did not interest Chloe in her there was only love for his mother and hatred for Elizabeth, who was dying in a lake of blood and urine that came out of her diaper.

(Chloe 'mind') I feel warm, my head is bursting, help me! Mom!

Was the image of her mother cuddling her while she had a fever imprinted in her mind, when was she sick what was her mother doing to her? He simply told her to calm down, only to calm down and breathe slowly, but Chloe was too furious to calm down, instead she started walking towards Elizabeth, now almost dead, Chloe wanted to kill her, now she didn't even remember who she was ...

(Elizabeth): dad ... help ... me ... please ...

(Chloe): sniff sniff ... NOOO!

Chloe fell to her knees just as she was about to hit Elizabeth with all her strength, however in a few seconds Chloe's mind understood that she and Elizabeth were similar, both had lost a parent, both suffered but differently

(Chloe): hold on, big sister, I'll cure you! From tomorrow I will no longer use magic, I prefer to die!

Ok, second chapter over!

World statistics:

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Katherine (EX stronger human and Chloe's mother)

Magic: 999

Strength: 999 (basic)

Bladder: ???

Bowel: ???

Chlothsinda (wet princess or Chloe)

Magic: 200

Strength: 15 (basic) 70 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 9 (awake) 0 (sleeping)

Bowel: 10 (when awake) 6 (sleeping)

Isabel (prodigy sorceress)

Magic: 85

Strength: 1 (basic)

Bladder: 2 (awake) 1 (sleeping)

Bowel: 2 (when awake) 4 (sleeping)

Elizabeth (hateful stepsister)

Magic: 0

Strength: 6

Bladder: 1 (awake) 1 (sleeping)

Bowel: 5 (when awake) 1 (sleeping)

Statistical info:

- if the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

- if the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

- strength (basic) means without magic upgrade!

😅If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks!

*005*2019-12-27 00:18

Sorry for the calligraphy but the whole text is written in my native language (Italian) and has been subsequently translated into English with Google Translate.

The story was written for me so to satisfy my fetishes, don't read it if you don't want, Thanks !

Chapter 3,Over-Magic:

Chloe had almost killed her stepsisters, this because of the magic, it was actually her fault, even if she didn't want to admit it, if only she had practiced, if she had also trained with magic, all this would not have happened, or at least this that's what he thought, he was slowly hating magic more and more.

Why wasn't her mother there to guide her anymore?

Why wasn't he as strong as his mother?

This is other "why?" Tormenting Chloe who as she took off her completely soaked red panties full of her body waste, Chloe remained in her bra while she was using a basic level spell cure spell on Elizabeth who was losing blood.

(Chloe 'mind'): it is not possible! the blood doesn't stop!

As a self-taught Chloe, he couldn't do anything but practice basic spells and magical control, so he didn't know how to reweld Elizabeth's shattered bones, he had the power but because of him he couldn't use it.

(Chloe'mind '): I feel faint, I can't cure her alone, should I wake Isabel up? Seek help?

Chloe had treated the wounds perfectly and disinfected them, however Elizabeth's bones and organs had been severely damaged, she could resist at most a few more minutes and Chloe seemed to realize it, however Chloe was using magic to block Elizabeth, if she moved, her shattered ribs could pierce her heart and at that point Elizabeth would die, Chloe could not allow it, and even if she was about to pass out and her magical power was almost finished she had to continue to treat Elizabeth while screaming to call for help.

(Chloe):HELP!, my sister will die! please help me! help my sister!

~sniff~

~psshhh~

~sniff~

Chloe was crying, she was peeing, her body was in danger of suffering serious damage, one did not have to resist the fainting that occurred when the magical power ended, this obviously Chloe could not know but the pain she felt, and the cold that she felt they did almost understand, it was the opposite feeling to the burning sensation when she was angry.

(Chloe 'mind'): I've been screaming for almost 5 minutes, nobody comes, I'm sweating, I'm cold, I'm thirsty, I feel like they've been deprived of blood

~Thud~

Chloe had fallen to the ground and was passed out, or almost passed away, she could no longer hold Elizabeth firm, continued to cure her but could not last another minute, otherwise she could die too.

(Elizabeth): Chloe ... I ... I ... sorry

(Chloe): sister ... don't talk, I will save you ... I ... I ...

(Elizabeth): I apologize ... again ... there is nothing more for me to do! I love you, little sister...

~Thud~

(Chloe'mind '): I fell, I don't have to lie down, I have to save ... Elizabeth ... my head is spinning, I don't see it, I can't see ...

Elizabeth was dying, Chloe was dying, however, even if that wing of the building was empty at the time, someone had heard the explosions of a while ago, that someone was Chloe's personal servant, Marsilia, however Marsilia was a coward, just hearing the noises, instead of warning the guards in the courtyard, she ran farting in fear and entered the wardrobe of Chloe's room, which she was cleaning, as soon as she entered the wardrobe ...

~Psssssshhh~

(Marsilia'mind ') I can't believe I'm wetting my maid dress, I don't have to be discovered by the mistress, she is the one who gets wet, I am a woman, she is a girl, however what was that sound of a little while ago, will the mistress be fine? Will it be the attack of demons?

After 2 minutes of silence Marsilia was curious to see the thing that had caused the explosion, but she felt sticky and wet from her accident, she had no spare clothes, since the maids' clothes were counted and each had her own, they were very comfortable magical clothes that were adopted to the size of the wearer, so he could not change, Marsilia was even ashamed to get out of the closet with a patch on her maid's dress.

(Marsillia'mind '): everything is silent, a spell could have gone wrong for little Isabel, I have to see if the girls are all well! But they will make fun of me if I go to them with wet pants! The skirt doesn't look wet in front or behind, good, but should I take my panties, shoes and socks off?

No! I am ashamed, oh my poor panties what have I done to you ... I have an idea! I borrow Chloe's clothes, I always wash them, her clothes are magical and will adjust to my size, but the panties with which she sleeps, the magical ones are all unrecoverable or to wash and I don't wear underpants with the yellow patch of urine of someone else other than me !, patience will be close to me but now I have to go and see!

Marsillia was having these problems while Elizabeth and Chloe, her mistress were about to die, if Chloe knew it would probably burst again, 5 minutes had passed and

Marsilia finally came out of the closet checking that there was no one outside, took her shoes, wet stockings and panties of her pee and she threw everything on Chloe's bed not counting that if she would be wet, or maybe maybe she got excited at the idea or didn't really care, a mystery.

Marsillia took Chloe's pair of ankle boots, the only ones that seemed magical to her, dark blue stockings like the one she had before and two pairs of panties, one white cotton and one black with lace edges, took the first one to dry and threw him on the bed and put on the rest of Chloe's clothes he had taken.

~prrt~

~prrt~

~prrt~

The waitress was frightened and curious and in agitation ran to the explosion site while releasing another fart, a little wet in Chloe's underwear,

Marsillia had to go to the bathroom, but now she couldn't!

Meanwhile in the corridor Isabel was beginning to regain consciousness, she felt dirty from her messy accident a little while ago, and she felt disgusted with themselves, gathering her strength she lifted her torso and saw her sisters ...

(Isabel): Nooo! why? Be well, answer me! Please!

Elizabeth was dying and Chloe could not breathe, Isabel noticed immediately, she did not have enough magical power for a high level magic, she could not understand what Elizabeth had, outwardly she looked more than healthy, even if she was paler than usual, but then she saw the pool of blood nearby, it was huge, it was probably made up of at least 5 times the blood that she now had inside her body, then Isabel understood that Chloe had tried to cure Elizabeth as soon as she regained control , however she had not succeeded, yet Chloe's power had seemed more than hers, then she looked at the pool and finally understood, after all she was a genius, she had no magical power though ...

(Isabel'mind ')Chloe had used a simple low-level magic that could restore blood level, disinfect and repair the skin, but some time ago she used that magic, too much blood!

Now there is only one way to save my sister, I will risk my life, after all she is my sister!

Isabel was going to do what Chloe had been doing for more than 10 minutes, namely to use magic despite having run out of magical power, basically risking death! if Chloe had studied like Isabel, she would have known that the technique for using magic without magical power was called Over-magic, and it was rumored that the physical limit for a human was 3 minutes of use before dying, obviously no one had resisted more than 3 minutes without falling to the ground passed out from the pain and atrocious sensations.

Ok, third chapter over

World statistics:

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Chlothsinda (wet princess or Chloe)

Magic: 200

Strength: 15 (basic) 70 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 6 (awake) -2 (sleeping)

Bowel: 7 (when awake) 5 (sleeping)

Isabel (prodigy sorceress)

Magic: 85

Strength: 1 (basic)

Bladder: 3 (awake) 4 (sleeping)

Bowel: 3 (when awake) 4 (sleeping)

Elizabeth (remorse stepsister)

Magic: 0

Strength: 6

Bladder: 1 (awake) 2 (sleeping)

Bowel: 6 (awake) 2 (sleeping)

Marsillia (cowardly maid)

Magic:v3

Strength:v9

Bladder: 4(awake) 6(sleeping)

Bowel: 2 (awake) 5 (sleeping)

Statistical info:

- if the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

- if the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

- strength (basic) means without magic upgrade!

If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks!

I'm sorry but I will probably go slower, also to improve the quality and to find more original ideas, Sorry

*007*2019-12-27 19:06

Sorry for the calligraphy but the whole text is written in my native language (Italian) and has been subsequently translated into English with Google Translate.

The story was written for me so to satisfy my fetishes, don't read it if you don't want, Thanks !

Chapter 4,the archmage:

Elizabeth lay unconscious on the floor while Isabel used over-magic to cure her

(Isabel'mind '): Fortunately Chloe kept my sister alive, it must have been hard to maintain the basic healing spell for almost the entire time of my fainting, I have been using an average healing spell for less than 20 seconds and I I feel like I'm on the bottom of a frozen lake in winter ...

~Grlhgrlhgrlhgrlh~

Isabel's stomach, due to the cold that she felt, emitted continuous gurgling, isabel felt very bad, she could not imagine how Chloe had resisted for more than 3 minutes, now Chloe did not breathe, it seemed as if she had hibernated, Isabel was worried however there was no time now, he had to hurry to put Elizabeth out of harm's way.

(Marsillia): what happened Isabel mistress? Why is Mistress Chlothsinda on the ground bare and completely immobile?

Need my help? Should I call for help? What is all that blood?

(Isabel): Chloe has gone out of control, has accumulated too much hatred and is like exploded, she hit my sister and I passed out due to the loss of all my magical power.

Now there is no time, soon I will pass out again, I can barely make Elizabeth out of danger.

Need help, call a court wizard otherwise Chloe may not make it.

(Marsillia):I'm going now!

Marsillia did not want the death of her mistress, she was nice, she liked to work for her and in addition she thought that the reward for saving the future empress could be surprisingly high.

Marsilla had to call a wizard, went first to the courtyard and saw that it was cloudy outside, probably it would rain shortly thereafter.

~cough~

~cough~

~cough~

~cough~

A little coughing was emitted from Elizabeth's body,

Isabel had managed to heal Elizabeth's chest bones, finally her sister's organs were out of danger.

(Elizabeth): ...

Elizabeth could not speak, even if she tried hard she could not, but now apart from the pain in the limbs and the head, if she stood still she could not feel pain too strong or unbearable.

(Isabel) sister, now that I've treated you, I should help Chloe, who I think is passed out from using magic for too long, but now I'm not feeling well, I'm cold ...

~Thud~

~psshhh~

It only took a few seconds to give up and Isabel fell to the ground unconscious. Her body was in a state of complete relaxation, but she was fine, obviously her already full and wet panties were now sinking another complete release of her bladder and now on her skirt were exposed all the damage done up to now, because the The mid-level spell to hide his previous accident was over.

Now the three sisters were lying on the ground and helpless in the corridor, but only Chloe risked her life, since her body temperature had dropped slowly and steadily so far.

Marsillia instead was in front of the room of the most important sorceress of the court, her name was Fredegunde, a 24-year-old woman, {1,60 meters (5,2 ft)} very thin with bluish eyes like the sea and black hair, she would need glasses but she saw thanks to magic, she was a sorceress with a high magical power, she had spent her entire life closed in the family villa intent on discovering the mysteries of magic, hers was a family of border marquises, therefore in the battle against the demons, Fredegunde's villa was attacked and she who had never set foot outside her room, found herself in a bloody battle where her whole family lost her life, she was saved thanks to a magic to protect against physical-magical attacks that the demons could not break.

However ... once the attack was over she was left alone in the destruction of the demons, she had lost everything, forrunatame, shortly afterwards the human army passed by, led by Chloe's mother, who seeing her skills took her with him and gave her the role of archmage, asking her to bring Chloe on the road of arcane magic only after her twelfth birthday, but when she discovered the death of Katherine, Fredegunde fell into depression, she was always closed again in her room, not wanting to see Chloe, who reminded her of Katherine.

~BRRRTTRTRTPPF~

(Marsillia'mind '): wow ... I was lucky ...

Marsillia had just released a hard fart in the panties that she had taken from Chloe's room, this because she still had to go to the bathroom but she couldn't also didn't want to meet the archmage in this state, she had to release some gas before entering, however she didn't she expected such a loud sound, she was surprised not to have ruined her panties ...

Now he had to warn the archmage, he didn't even knock, he opened the door and entered, this because he knew that the archmage was shy and never used his authority and his magic, or at least she had never seen her do it .. .

However inside the room ...

(Fredegunde'mind '): Oooh, aaaaahhh, it's so pleasant, it feels really good, today is really a great day after all.

Fredegunde had always been alone but had never masturbated in her room, this was because she had always thought it was a bad thing, but when her family died, she started to become a bedwetter, obviously she could prevent herself from doing it with magic, but not she did it because after waking up for the first time since her memory, the feeling of warmth and warmth made her feel so good, after a nightmare, that thing gave her confidence, made her relax.

She also liked to wet panties in public or in private and conceal themselves with magic, or, and this was the thing she preferred, she liked to wet the bed, naked or with panties, she liked to get wet slowly, relaxing and feeling the heat caress them and tickle her pussy , then she liked to masturbate and come several times, all this obviously was done by deactivating her search magic, otherwise always active, for this she had not heard the explosion and for this she had not realizing that Marsillia was now entering her room without knocking.

(Fredegunde'mind ') oh no !, I have to do that thing, even if ... No! My honor depends on it!

Suddenly a 30 meter (100 ft) radius sphere formed around Fredegunde sitting on her wet bed, it was one of the most powerful spells known to mankind, time control, it allowed anyone in the sphere to move, this however, he consumed an incredible amount of magical power, it was said that it was impossible to remain inside the sphere and moveĺ for more than 1 second even for an army wizard or for a lower class adventurer (A) for Fredegunde it was not difficult use the time control, the problem is that it had a negative effect on her ...

~prrt~

~prrt~

~pffftt~

Farting and a thurd of soft mush made their way between Fredegunde's buttocks, she hated getting dirty and now her bed and her white panties had turned brown, there was nothing she could do, as soon as she used the control of the passage of time, she immediately shook bladder and bowel, however his bladder was empty so he only made a soft mess in his panties, he hated messing on himself because it was a mess to clean up, however he could not be seen by anyone while masturbating up in a bed wet with pee.

5 minutes later, that outside it wasn't even a blink and Fredegunde had washed herself with magic, drying herself, changed herself and after cleaning the bed, dispelled the magic and saw a simple maid enter, the personal maid Chloe if he wasn't wrong.

Fredegunde was slightly angry ...

(Fredegunde'mind '): who is this maid?

It was called ... Marsillia ... right?

(Fredegunde): why didn't you knock? I was practicing magic control!

She said a little annoyed and embarrassed

(Marsillia): excuse me ... now there is no time, little Chlothsinda and her stepsister Elizabeth are very ill ...

~pfft~

Marsillia apologized embarrassed, not because she realized that she had to knock on the archmage's door, but because although Fredegunde's spell would apparently stop time, this was not true, what was inside the area he would have lived, therefore the body would have worked and this allowed Marsillia's bowels to ferment and produce gas, which was immediately released by the maid.

~grrlllgrl~

A faint sound made the waitress understand that she had to go but there was no time, she would wait, she also felt her bladder oddly filling, yet she had got wet a little while ago ...

(Fredegunde): what do you mean? Where are the girls now?

(Marsillia): they are in the east wing, second floor, in the middle of the central corridor ...

(Fredegunde'mind '): it seems serious, serious, better to hurry ...

(Fredegunde): soon, take my hand, we will go with the teleportation!

(Marsillia): ... EEEEEEEH ?! Teleport? Are you serious? Not for nothing are you an archmage ... wow

Fredegunde could only use teleportation 3 times a month, it was a magical ability rather than a spell, to use it she must have been in that place and had to have it in mind while.

~poof~

While Marseille comments in amazement at her ability, Fredegonde took his hand and they teleported.

~Thud~

~Thud~

Apparently Fredegunde calculated badly and they appeared 1 meter (3.2 ft) above the ground, so no longer feeling the floor under their shoes, they fell to the ground and lost their balance by falling on their backs ...

~pfft~

~hiss~

Marsillia released the gas that was in her bowel and a very small jet of pee entered her in Chloe's black panties, even if someone saw them under her skirt, she could not see anything, the smell of the fart, however, was different ...

(Fredegunde): Chloe!

Mind Marsillia was sitting to prevent the smell of her fart from leaving her skirt, Fredegunde had already performed an analysis on the body of Chloe who was nearby, Fredegunde did not give the slightest importance to the bodies of the duchess' daughters, for her they did not have a space, Chloe instead considered her almost as a younger sister or rather as the only relative she had left since she considered Katherine almost like a mother and had talked a lot with her about Chloe.

(Fredegunde'mind '): not good, her body has been cold for too long, the heart still beats but the brain seems to have ceased its activity for some time now, I must immediately influence magical powers in her, then warm her up and put her to bed!

(Fredegunde): Marsillia !, now as I try to restore little Chloe's magical power, please tell me what happened!

(Marsillia): yes ... well you see I don't know very well what is understood, but I think this is the work of Chloe ... From what I understand it seems to have lost control of itself and its powers ...

(Fredegunde): I understand ...

Fredegunde was amazed.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I didn't think you could lose control at the age of 11, you shouldn't have enough power to not be able to control it ... could Katherine have been wrong? He said he started practicing for Chloe at age 12 ...

Maybe...

A sudden event? One thing discovered? Strong emotion?

Something must have happened that triggered Chloe's loss of control ... however she shouldn't have enough power to beat Isabel the genius who like me started practicing magic in less than 5 years ...

Fredegunde then always looked around while returning magical power to Chloe.

(Fredegunde): wait what?

Fredegunde saw the damage on the wall, debris, charred burns and dried blood.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I'm afraid, if I had a full bladder I would have already drenched my panties ... it couldn't have been Chloe, the thing that worries me most is the blood, there's too much ...

Wait ... if she was really Chloe, after all she is the daughter of that paladin, she could have really been Chloe but in this case because now she is so ... cold as if she had used the over-magic for too long ... wait a moment ...

Fredegunde cast a preveve high-level divination spell, always as he released his magical power to flow into Chloe's cold body, it was so that Fredegunde understood that Chloe had actually used over-magic and had done it for more than 10 minutes, not she had time to see what had happened before, she only saw how Chloe had tried to save Elizabeth, but she realized one thing and that made her seriously depressed.

(Fredegunde'mind '): Chloe is too powerful, using over-magic all that time, means that she has high mental stamina and enormous basic magical power, to heal her body completely, except the brain, she had to at least get her back to her basic magical power reserve, but she had used over-magic for too long, I don't own the amount Chloe needs, maybe not even half!

No, I can't give up like this, after all I just need more magic power right?

Just potions, potions ... of magical regeneration ... I should have them in the ultra-dimensional storage warehouse!

Marsillia was standing while dancing the dance of despair while every now and then a slight fart came out of her ass, she had to pee and take a dump in the bathroom before her panties became a war zone under the archmage's nose!

~prrt~

(Marsillia'mind): why now? Why to me?

~prrt~

~prrt~

~prrt~

~prrt~

~prrt~

~prrt~

Marsillia farted continuously, Fredegunde instead had extracted all the potions she needed from the ultra-dimensional warehouse and flooded Chloe's body with enormous quantities of magical power, she drank and released magic, she drank and released magic, continued for a while and finally saw that Chloe's skin regained its natural color, she had almost finished the potions and had filled up with them, she already felt her bladder filling but she didn't even think about it, now she had to heat Chloe and hope that her brain has not suffered any damage.

(Fredegunde): Marsillia, come here help me make Chloe sit down, indeed no, bring me from her room of clothes and a blanket as quickly as possible, I can warm her body but she must still keep warm on her own, hurry up please!

(Marsillia): ok I'm going right away, but can I go to the servants' rooms first? You see, lady archmage, I should really go to the bathroom ...

~Grlgrlgrlgr~

Marsillia's bowels, as if waiting for his admission, confirmed that he needed the bathroom making the maid blush with a scarlet red.

(Fredegunde): all right, I understand, however, now there is no time, for now continue to release gas, you will go to the bathroom later, now we have no time!

(Marsillia): .... I ..... er ..... ok .... although I think that ..... nothing .... ok thanks for the advice and sorry for my vulgarity !

(Fredegunde'mind '): what I said ... I can't believe it is so embarrassing, I'm also getting excited to see her desperate, No! Now I have to save Chloe!

Marsillia was embarrassed, Fredegunde was embarrassed, Marsillia had to go to the bathroom, felt the pressure on her bladder and her bowels ready to empty, but she decided to do as she was told! She wanted to save Chloe too, so she tried to release a fart but ...

~prrrrrrrttttt~

~Brrrrrrrptptrrttffh~

~brprprprphrtbtbtbt~

Marsillia could not resist and released all the semi-solid content of her bowel all in Chloe's black panties that were leaking on the sides, letting the brown Marsillia mess fall to the ground.

(Marsillia): sorry ... sniff ... sniff, I didn't know how to stop..sniff..sniff ...

(Fredegunde'mind '): he really did it, I don't believe it is so disgusting, but strangely if I think it's not me who gets my panties dirty ... it excites me and so much ... but now is not the time.

(Fredegunde): it doesn't matter now, let's think about Chloe, go get what I asked for earlier and you will be rewarded!

(Marsillia): yes! I go immediately!

Marsillia ran with the casino that dripped from her underwear, while running she made wet and crushing noises of her waste, she decided to release her exhausted bladder in Chloe's poor panties, now those panties were equally ruined!

Meanwhile, Elizabeth's mother had returned to the palace and Isabel, the Duchess, was walking with her escort in the entrance hall towards the east wing, ready as usual to embrace and kiss her daughters lovingly and be told what they had done today .

Okay, and of the fourth chapter!

World statistics:

Average demon:

Magic: 25

Strength: 50

Bladder: 16

Bowel: 16

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Chlothsinda (wet princess or Chloe)

Magic: 200

Strength: 15 (basic) 70 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 6 (awake) -2 (sleeping)

Bowel: 7 (when awake) 5 (sleeping)

Isabel (prodigy sorceress)

Magic: 85

Strength: 1 (basic)

Bladder: 3 (awake) 4 (sleeping)

Bowel: 3 (when awake) 4 (sleeping)

Elizabeth (remorse stepsister)

Magic: 0

Strength: 6

Bladder: 1 (awake) 2 (sleeping)

Bowel: 6 (awake) 2 (sleeping)

Marsillia (maid who fart)

Magic: 3

Strength: 9

Bladder: 4(awake) 6(sleeping)

Bowel: 2 (awake) 5 (sleeping)

Fredegunde (the perverted archmage)

Magic: 320

Strength: 5(basic)

Bladder: 10(awake) 1(sleeping)

Bowel: 5(awake) 5 (sleeping)

Katherine (EX stronger human and Chloe's mother)

Magic: 999

Strength: 999 (basic)

Bladder: ???

Bowel: ???

Statistical info:

If the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

If the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

Strength (basic) means without magic upgrade!

If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks!

*008*2019-12-28 02:46

Sorry for the calligraphy but the whole text is written in my native language (Italian) and has been subsequently translated into English with Google Translate.

The story was written for me so to satisfy my fetishes, don't read it if you don't want, Thanks !

Chapter 5,escape from the palace;

The Duchess and her escort were walking down the corridor, they would arrive at the accident site in a few minutes.

Meanwhile Fredegunde had successfully restored Chloe's magical power, her body had recovered, she was now physically, but her mind was devastated, she had felt upset about killing Elizabeth and then had suffered too much from prolonged use of over-magic, Chloe's psyche was shaken, her brain hadn't been damaged fortunately, but Chloe's knowledge was hurt, hurt by Chloe's own desire to blame herself.

Fredegunde fortunately understood the situation and to solve it archmage had to use 2 high level spells, hypnosis and dreamy mind control, the first was a medium level spell normally, but to work, the magical power of the caster had to be at least half the victim, otherwise the probability of success was 0%, fortunately Fredegunde was aware that he could hypnotize Chloe easily, and once hypnotized she could enter Chloe's mind, do he could either make her have a dream that helped her to clear herself or she could simply erase her memory, taking Fredegunde realized 2 things however, the first was that if someone had known what Chloe had done, she probably would have been locked up or executed with the charge of being possessed by a demon, and the second thing was ... he really had to pee!

In the meantime:

(Marsillia'mind '): I feel so dirty, damned archimage, I bet he used a spell on me! I'm happy to be able to help the young lady though, and maybe I'll get my reward!

Marsillia, with her panties full and humidified, took a complete set of chloe clothes, a blanket and walking so as not to disperse the load she had in her panties began to return to the accident site.

(Chief of the guards): So how did the meeting with the high priest go? Are you ready to recognize your daughters as heirs to the throne before the gods?

(Duchess): unfortunately not ... as long as that little girl is around nobody else will be able to inherit the throne ...

(Duchess'mind '): if only something happened to make it disappear ... how happy I would be, nonsense would be enough, so now the emperor is a puppet in my control!

(Chief of the guards): I'm sorry majesty, but equally the little Chloe would become empress, even if she is younger than Elizabeth, being a direct descent, it could not be otherwise ...

(Duchess): I am aware of it, now let's see how my daughters are doing, wait, what happened here?

The Duchess rounded the corner and saw Chloe, Isabel and Elizabeth on the ground, the archmage who seemed to ... cure Chloe ... and signs of destruction could be seen on most of the walls.

(Duchess'mind '): attack of demons?

(Duchess): archmage! Report what happened immediately!

(Fredegunde'mind ') the worst person who could arrive ... perfect!

(Fredegunde): I don't know! I found the girls on the ground and injured, now I'm out of danger!

(Duchess): it is not enough as an explanation, if you don't know it, you just have to discover it with magic!

(Fredegunde): to heal Chloe I have used up almost all my magic power, now I can't use divination magic!

Obviously the last part was a lie.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I have to take Chloe away, probably if the Duchess finds out what happened she could use everything to put her daughters on the throne.

What can I do? I can't just go away with Chloe, Chloe is still unconscious and above all naked, then I don't know where I could go, apart from my old house the only place I've been except this palace is an inn far from here, almost on the border with the kingdom of the elves ...

For now I have to stay here, see what the Duchess' daughters have to say, restore Chloe's mind and then, as a last resort, leave the palace!

Fredegunde's plan was good, but ...

(Duchess): If you can't use magic I'll do it!

(Fredegunde'mind ') ... what? .... oh no ... shit! it didn't take

The Duchess took a white wooden stick out of her dress, the wand seemed to shine, it was definitely a magical tool, and it looked really powerful!

(Duchess): magic of divination, show me the truth, revelation! environmental alteration magic, projects the truth, showing itself!

The Duchess used a relic that allowed spells to be cast even to those who had no magical power, obviously she was not omnipotent and her uses were limited.

(Marsillia): how's Chloe doing? I brought her clothes ... the Duchess ... she is here ... uwaaaa! Sorry, sorry, I am mortified my lady, mistress forgive me, I could not change myself because of the strong desire to save his daughters!

Marsillia was surprised, did not expect to find the Duchess, began to bow over and over again, apologizing and hoping that her dedication would somehow reward her.

As he bowed a disgusting sound and an equally terrible smell were emitted from his clothes due to the smashing of the feces in his panties.

(Duchess): I understand, leave those clothes here and change now, your presence disgusts me!

(Marsillia): I'm really sorry, I'm mortified, thanks for the opportunity, I'll change immediately.

Marsillia ran away ignoring the crushing feeling of her waste.

(Duchess): ok, the spells have been activated successfully, now we will see what really happened, guards, carefully observed, every detail could give us information on the enemy!

(All guards): yes!

(Fredegunde): I want to resist, indeed, I really want to take Chloe away with me if you try to arrest her, she has lost control, it's not her fault!

Guards I don't want to hurt you! But get away from Chloe!

(Duchess'mind '): what do you want? It is unbearable!

(Duchess): the archmage has run out of magical power, arrest her too! It is in league with demons, it is the enemy of humans!

(All guards): yes!

~poof~

Just as the guards were about to take the archmage, she disappeared with Chloe.

(Duchess): shit! Captain put a size of 100 gold coins on their heads, tell the guild of adventurers who are two demons, who attacked the emperor's family in his palace and who want to destroy the capital!

(Duchess'mind '): that archmage fooled me eh, I had to expect everything, even the teleportation.

(Duchess): bring my daughters to bed and take care of them, I want all the court wizards at their disposal.

(Duchess'mind '): I did not expect that shy archmage who is always closed in his room could do such a thing, I underestimated it, but now I have no more hassle, the empire is completely in my hands.

(Fredegunde): I'm falling!

Fredegunde had no clear idea of where to teleport, so teleporting brought the two girls almost 2 Km (1 mi) from the inn, but the worst part is that they were 100 meters (328 ft) above the ground, Fredegunde screamed for fear of falling, her full bladder, due to the fear of falling, released a strong jet of pee that went to moisten her white panties, Fredegunde was falling, she had clothes in one hand and with the other she was holding Chloe's hand naked and unconscious, she couldn't use flying magic, Chloe would have been too heavy to hold with one hand, she had no choice but to wait for the perfect moment to use the soft landing magic on Chloe and herself, it would have hurt a little but nothing relevant.

~Thud~

~Thud~

~psshhh~

The impact was stronger than expected and another stream of pee came out of the archmage's tired bladder, her white panties had a slightly yellowish wet spot right where her crack was.

(Fredegunde'mind): we are in a wood, probably near the inn, I have to find a place to lighten my bladder, or ... I can simply ...

~Pssssssssshhh~

~hiss~

~hiss~

~psshhh~

(Fredegunde): aaah, it makes me feel so good!

(Fredegunde'mind ') wow! I really had to go eh, it's a fantastic feeling, I would like to have time to touch and enjoy myself in the intimacy of my room sitting on my comfortable bed!

Now there is no time though, it is getting evening and the woods can be dangerous, I need a safe place to restore Chloe's mind and then I need to sleep to recover magical power, now I have to dress Chloe and hide this accident, wow is the first time that I hold my urine for more than 10 minutes since I feel the need to go, I think those potions have really filled my bladder!

Fredegunde with a little embarrassment, put on Chloe first the dark blue panties, then the dress, a simple white dress without too many embroideries, then put on her stockings and realized that she had not taken the shoes.

After dressing Chloe and hiding her accident she decided to laboriously take Chloe in her arms and use the flight spell and sensing magic to find the inn.

(Fredegunde'mind '): she was fortunately close!

The inn was located near a small border town, it was a medium-sized 2-storey building, its appearance was average in the world but for Chloe and Fredegunde it was a place for poor people.

(Fredegunde): good evening is allowed?

(Owner of the inn): young ladies, welcome to our inn, my name is Odo, the owner, our inn, the sleeping bear is the best in the area, I am sure you will find yourself well, what can I do for you?

(Fredegunde): my sister and I would like a place to spend the night, thank you!

(Odo'mind '): mmmmm, they look like two nobles ...

(Odo): I have a free room but it has a single bed, one of which will sleep on the floor, sorry, he could also sleep in the barn, if he wishes.

(Fredegunde): the room with the single bed is fine, thanks!

(Odo): fine, it would be 2 silver coins, 1 for each customer, but since the bed is single, just 1 silver coin is enough. Obviously advance payment and 2 copper coins as guarantee.

(Fredegunde): ...

(Fredegunde'mind '): I don't have any money, how can I do it, should I sell an item? Should I invent a credible story? should I beg this man?

No I have no time to waste, I will use magic!

(Fredegunde): sir you know me right?

(Odo): I'm sure I've never seen it before, no ... wait ... my friend, how much time has passed since I last saw you! What can I do for you?

(Fredegunde): my friend, see me and my sister we came here to see you but we forgot to bring the money and it is now night and it is late to go home, so I would like you to host us in your inn at least until tomorrow morning, if you can obviously ...

(Odo): but of course my friend, I have this room free but it has only one bed, sorry but the others are occupied by adventurers ...

(Fredegunde): okay, let's take that room, thank you my friend, you saved us!

(Odo): for you this and other my friend, the room is 8, have a good sleep!

(Fredegunde): thank you friend!

Fredegunde had hypnotized Odo, now he had to do the same with Chloe, only it would have been more difficult! Much more difficult...

Ok, end of the fifth chapter!

World statistics:

Average demon:

Magic: 25

Strength: 50

Bladder: 16

Bowel: 16

Average adult elf (100 years)

Magic: 40

Strength: 10

Bladder: 4

Bowel: 4

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Chlothsinda (wet princess or Chloe)

Magic: 200

Strength: 15 (basic) 70 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 6 (awake) -2 (sleeping)

Bowel: 7 (when awake) 5 (sleeping)

Isabel (prodigy sorceress)

Magic: 85

Strength: 1 (basic)

Bladder: 3 (awake) 4 (sleeping)

Bowel: 3 (when awake) 4 (sleeping)

Elizabeth (remorse stepsister)

Magic: 0

Strength: 6

Bladder: 1 (awake) 2 (sleeping)

Bowel: 6 (awake) 2 (sleeping)

Marsillia (maid who fart)

Magic: 3

Strength: 9

Bladder: 4(awake) 6(sleeping)

Bowel: 2 (awake) 5 (sleeping)

Fredegunde (the perverted archmage)

Magic: 320

Strength: 5(basic)

Bladder: 10(awake) 1(sleeping)

Bowel: 5(awake) 5 (sleeping)

Statistical info:

If the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

If the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

Strength (basic) means without magic upgrade!

If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks!

*010*2019-12-29 01:15

Sorry for the calligraphy but the whole text is written in my native language (Italian) and has been subsequently translated into English with Google Translate.

The story was written for me so to satisfy my fetishes, don't read it if you don't want, Thanks !

Chapter 6,Chloe's mind:

Fredegunde had managed to take Chloe away from the building and managed to get a bedroom at the inn without paying, she felt proud of herself, now she had to speculate on Chloe to agree that she would enter her head, but first.

(Fredegunde'mind): well, everything has gone well so far, but my lower half is completely drenched, fortunately it will not leave stains apparently, but it is annoying, then I am really tired, I want to hypnotize Chloe immediately and make me a good sleep.

Fredegunde removed her clothes and put them on a chair to dry, once removed you could see how much pee she had done, Fredegunde was now left in still very wet panties and in a bra, this because she didn't want to remain completely naked in a place unknown.

Afterwards he began to cast the hypnotizing spell.

(Fredegunde): Chloe, wake up!

(Chloe): yes!

(Fredegunde'mind '): it was fast ...

(Fredegunde): Chloe how do you feel? Are you cold? Do you need something?

Chloe was completely dehydrated.

(Chloe): ... I'm thirsty ...

(Fredegunde): ok, you can drink, keep some water.

Fredegunde took a container from his ultra-dimensional warehouse, produced magic water directly in the jug and helped Chloe drink.

(Fredegunde): Chloe, I would like to enter your mind, can I?

(Chloe): no! You can't, maybe you actually can ... I'm not sure ...

(Fredegunde): Chloe, you completely agree with me that I enter your mind right?

(Chloe): yes, I think you can do it ... yes!

Suddenly a purple glow enveloped Chloe, it had allowed Fredegunde to enter his mind. the archmage then got on the bed embracing Chloe, blocked the room with multiple magic barriers and entered Chloe's mind.

He was in a forced dream, where almost everything was decided by Chloe, if Fredegunde had failed, she could have been imprisoned unless she killed Chloe, it was a difficult task, she had to enter Chloe's subconscious, improve the image that she had of herself and possibly momentarily block some memories, such as her loss of control when she got angry.

(Fredegunde'mind '): what a dismal and cold place, it makes you shiver!

Wait why don't I wear a skirt? Is it because I don't wear it in the real world? Was it my unconscious choice? Is it Chloe's will?

~Achoo~

~Psshhh~

(Fredegunde'mind '): I peed a little! It's not like me to get wet for a sneeze ... it's cold, my panties are wet, it's a hellish place!

In Chloe's dream, the level of incontinence of people is higher because Chloe herself now that she regained consciousness and her nocturnal continence was very low, Fredegunde did not know this, currently Chloe cannot wake up due to the sense of guilt, but it is officially out of danger.

In the dream Fredegunde instead was walking towards a sphere of purple light that he saw in the distance, but suddenly 2 shadows appeared that slowly took shape and became tangible, they were the same as Elizabeth and Isabel, also two of them half naked, Elizabeth had only her panties special, Isabel instead had green bra and panties.

(Fredegunde'mind '): wow! What are the Duchess' daughters doing in Chloe's dream?

(False Elizabeth and Isabel): We will kill you like Chloe killed her sister!

(Fredegunde): Perfect!

(Fredegunde'mind): I hope my magic works ...

(False Elizabeth and Isabel): it's useless, you can't hurt us more than Chloe did!

(Fredegunde): maybe it is ...

~Boom~

Fredegunde used low-level blast spell.

(Fredegunde): maybe not ...

(False Elizabeth and Isabel): it hurts, but it's not comparable to the pain that Chloe inflicted on us.

(False isabel): now it's my turn!

However ...

(Fredegunde): I won't let you do it!

~gaah~

~Pssssssssshhh~

~poof~

Fredegunde had used the magic of the earth to hit the small body of the fake Isabel with a gigantic boulder, which fell to the ground in pain and released the bladder completely in the green panties and later the fake Isabel disappeared leaving a puddle where she had bathed.

(Fredegunde'mind '): it seems that in order to defeat her she had to get her wet, it seems more and more as if it is me and not Chloe who command the dream ...

(Elizabeth): first me and then my sister, how many people who love you will kill Chloe?

(Fredegunde'mind '): Chloe? Thing? Wait, did I become Chloe? Why?

Fredegunde had taken on the appearance of Chloe, in the same clothes that Chloe had lying on the bed with her in real life.

(fake Elizabeth) give me back my sister!

The fake Elizabeth ran to where Fredegunde was and tried to hit her with a punch, Fredegunde used a magic barrier to protect herself, the fake Elizabeth continued to punch while Elizabeth continued to parry with the barrier.

(False Elizabeth): What are you doing? Aren't you going to kill me again?

(Fredegunde): I don't want to kill you, you are not a threat to me!

(False Elizabeth): Why then did you just kill my sister?

(Fredegunde): she was going to attack me ... then I didn't kill her, you are only copies, the real ones are alive ...

(False Elizabeth): You are lying, Chloe killed them, you killed them!

(Fredegunde): it wasn't Chloe's fault, she went out of control and then tried to fix it!

~ Sniff ~

~ Sniff ~

Tears crawled on the face of the fake Elizabeth who slowly became a shadow and then slowly took the form of Chloe, she was dressed in white panties, a pink formal dress, a white petticoat, pink stockings and white shoes that sparkled, the dress absolutely Chloe's favorite.

Fredegunde instead went back to being herself.

(Fredegunde'mind): how strange, apparently this is the part of Chloe who accuses himself of what happened ...

I no longer have his appearance apparently, I must admit that I did not mind staying in the form of Chloe, at least I had clothes ... now I'm cold again ...

~achoo~

~psshhh~

~achoo~

~pssssshhh~

Two sneezes forced Fredegunde's bladder to leak, a small jet of urine warmed her panties and another jet of about 2 seconds splashed on the ground.

(Fredegunde'mind '): fuck! , I hate to get involuntarily wet ...

(Chloe): I ... I'm a murderer ... you said I'm not ... how do you know my sisters are fine? who are you,? where we are?

(Fredegunde'mind '): you! I did it, I found the part of Chloe who feels guilty, it's probably a part of his conscience ... I can do it!

(Fredegunde): it's true, you hit your stepsister Elizabeth, you went out of control and you made your sisters suffer ... however you also risked your life to try to save your sister Elizabeth and you are risking even now, you are a good girl, I know!

(Chloe): yes of course I tried to cure her but I was not able ...

(Fredegunde): trust me, she is fine!

(Chloe): I don't believe you! I don't even know you, how do you know Elizabeth is fine? Who are you?

(Fredegunde): I know because when I came to heal you I saw her body and later I also analyzed it with magic, except for some fracture Elizabeth was healthy!

She didn't even report permanent damage, except perhaps a weakening of his muscles, especially those of his bladder and his bowels, he was fine, the same goes for Isabel of course.

Chloe, the only one who now has damage is you, apart from the damage resulting from your disproportionate use of magic even after having exhausted the magical power which I have already repaired, your previously unstable mind has suffered heavy trauma resulting from the faults that you self registered. I am the archmage, my name is Fredegunde, I know that perhaps you have never seen me before or perhaps you have never spoken to me, but your mother, who for me was like a second mother who lifted me from the rubble and gave a new life, your mother told me everything about you, I consider you as my younger sister and I will do everything to help and protect you!

So please wake up!

(Chloe): wow, so you make me blush, however I can't just accept what I've done and forget it ... I can't!

(Fredegunde): of course you can't, you have to recognize your faults and also your merits, you have to understand who you are and be yourself, never forget what you've done, learn from your mistakes and fortify yourself to prevent such bad things from happening again, now wake up, Chloe.

(Chloe): yes!

.

.

.

(Fredegunde'mind ') I made it, I came out of the dream, this means that Chloe has woken up!

Fredegunde turned her head and saw a Chloe with her eyes open and full of tears

~ Sniff ~

~ Sniff ~

(Chloe): thanks..Fredegunde ...

(Fredegunde): Chloe, don't thank me, it is I who thank you, just seeing you open your eyes fills me with happiness.

As Fredegunde moved to embrace little Chloe, she noticed an enormous humidity on the mattress and on the sheet, they were completely drenched.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I don't believe it, I wet the bed and even poor Chloe's dress, what a shame ... no wait, my area is slightly drier than Chloe's ... it could be .. .

(Chloe): Fredegunde ... I ... sniff ... I ... I'm sorry I peed in bed, I wet you too, sorry!

(Fredegunde'mind '): fantastic! Not only does it seem that the actually didn't get wet, but I'm also on the same bed as a girl who got wet, that's exciting ... my panties are so hot ... no !, it's not the time, then Chloe is still small ... what am I going to think ... I feel my mind dirty inside ...

(Fredegunde): don't worry about that ... I also often bathe the bed ...

Fredegunde blushes for what she said, after all she is still shy externally, even Chloe blushes, but then she gets out of bed, undresses and stays with her bra and panties wet.

(Chloe): ok ...but...where are we anyway?

End of chapter 6!

Information on types of coins:

1 iron coin = (only a tenth of copper)

10 iron coin = 1 copper coin = (a low quality meal or a glass of excellent alcohol)

10 copper coin = 1 silver coin = (a night in a good inn or a great meal)

10 silver coin = 1 gold coin = (good equipment or poor quality potions)

50 gold coin = 1 platinum coin = (powerful magic items, magical equipment or an elegant house, this is the average product made in a human's life)

World statistics:

Average demon:

Magic: 25

Strength: 50

Bladder: 16

Bowel: 16

Average adult elf (100 years)

Magic: 40

Strength: 10

Bladder: 4

Bowel: 4

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Chlothsinda (wet princess or Chloe)

Magic: 200

Strength: 15 (basic) 70 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 7 (awake) -1 (sleeping)

Bowel: 7 (when awake) 5 (sleeping)

Fredegunde (the perverted archmage)

Magic: 320

Strength: 5(basic)

Bladder: 10(awake) 1(sleeping)

Bowel: 5(awake) 5 (sleeping)

Statistical info:

If the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

If the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

Strength (basic) means without magic upgrade!

If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks!

*012*2019-12-30 23:55

Sorry for the calligraphy but the whole text is written in my native language (Italian) and has been subsequently translated into English with Google Translate.

The story was written for me so to satisfy my fetishes, don't read it if you don't want, Thanks !

Chapter 7, a dirty awakening:

Fredegunde had successfully treated Chloe, improving her image of herself, but Chloe was still shaken, she wanted to apologize to Elizabeth and spend time with her stepsisters, but Fredegunde explained to her that now they were both fugitives and they could not come back.

Fredegunde explained everything that had happened to Chloe and that there were too many witnesses who saw the projection of the accident, then the Duchess had too much influence, the scariest thing and that controlled the whole army and especially the troop of imperial magicians elite, if he found himself in an open clash against more than 10 of them, even the archmage had no chance of winning, even if he fought together with Chloe they could not defeat the overwhelming power of the duchess, who also possessed the relics of the country, so in the event of a clash with no chance of victory in Fredegunde there was only one use of teleportation and he wanted to use it well.

Now Fredegunde wanted to move north, in the middle ground between the elven, dwarven and human territory, the perfect place for adventurers, Fredegunde wanted to train Chloe and herself, then join a group of high level adventurers and once gained some fighting prowess, return to the capital, kill the duchess and allow Chloe to become empress after demonstrating the duchess' crimes and details about Chloe's loss of control.

(Fredegunde): Do you understand what Chloe will do now?

(Chloe) is ...

(Fredegunde): you don't agree right?

(Chloe): I've never seen the duchess's evil, and I didn't think she controlled the empire but my father!

I can not believe...

I also want to apologize to my sister for what I did ...

(Fredegunde): How many more times do I have to tell you it's not your fault?

(Chloe): Even if you say I am not to blame, I think that if I had demonstrated my innate ability with magic and not been stubborn about wanting to fight, I would not have lost control thanks to your teachings and the duchess without reason could not have do what he did!

(Fredegunde'mind '): wow not bad for an eleven year old to talk like this ... maybe I was like that too at her age ...

(Fredegunde): you're right, you're guilty, but one day the duchess would still have found a way to make you disappear, of course, I must admit that you have great potential, you have a very high magical power for your age, I think it is similar to mine ... you have to learn new spells and keep yourself under control, then we will train and defeat the supremacy of the duchess together!

I'll help you!

(Chloe): I didn't even know you and you did a lot for me, I'm sorry to ask you to help me again but ... if you do ... I will never know how to thank you ...

(Fredegunde): Chloe, I did all this for my will ... you don't even have to thank me but if you really care ... could you consider me as your big sister?

(Chloe): sure big sister, thanks again!

(Fredegunde): well now what do you say if we sleep, personally I am very tired, I know that you slept all day but I am sleepy so goodnight!

(Chloe): I'm sorry sister, if you don't remember I just wet the bed ...

Chloe said pointing to her white panties with a yellow halo and the huge wet patch on the sheet.

(Fredegunde): I hadn't thought of that ... well apart from the feeling of cold I don't mind sleeping in it ...

(Fredegunde'mind): I didn't mean the last part out loud!

(Chloe): how did you say big sister?

(Fredegunde): listen ... we are both drenched in urine, apart from an irritation that I could easily cure, we don't take any risk ... I just need to keep the bed warm with continuous magic while we sleep ...

(Chloe): Can't you dry it with magic?

Although by now I am used to wetting the bed I don't like to voluntarily sleep in my pee!

Chloe said this in an irritated and at the same time embarrassed voice.

Fredegunde nodded reluctantly because she was excited at the thought of sleeping in a wet bed by someone other than herself.

Suddenly the urine on the bed magically disappeared leaving Fredegunde a little bitter.

(Chloe): fantastic! I wish I could too ...

(Chloe'mind '): if I learned to do it I would no longer be called a princess bathing in bed ...

(Fredegunde): it's a more difficult magic than it seems, now we sleep, I'm sleepy ...

(Chloe): big sister .. can you please give me some water I'm really thirsty ...

(Fredegunde): ok

(Fredegunde'mind '): if you drink before bed there will be a remote possibility for her to wet the bed ... I would love it ... but I don't think she will do it unless ...

Fredegunde pulled the old jug out of the ultra-dimensional warehouse and not letting himself be discovered by Chloe filled it with a diuretic that would have a slow effect and a light sleeping pill that would help Chloe to sleep faster and not wake up to pee, then produced water and gave Chloe the jug.

He did this not knowing that Chloe would wet the bed anyway because of the incontinence caused by his nightmares.

(Chloe): thank you, I was thirsty! I'm not sleepy now ... tell me about how you met my mother ... to make me fall asleep ... please ...

(Fredegunde): ok, but only a little, I'm too sleepy!

Fredegunde went to bed with Chloe, both wearing yellowed white panties, they had to stick together because the bed was tight, then Fredegunde began to tell starting from his childhood.

After a long time Chloe finally started snoring.

(Fredegunde'mind): finally! More than an hour has passed! Now I can sleep happily.

~grlhgrlhgrlhgrlh~

(Fredegunde'mind '):no right now ... it didn't take!

Fredegunde's stomach gave a loud gurgling noise, he had to go to the bathroom, but just then Chloe embraced her, who didn't want to wake Chloe, also because afterwards she would never go back to sleep keeping her awake too.

(Fredegunde'mind '): Why? Because I have to go now, my stomach hurts ... I will only release a small part of the gas and then I will try to resist until tomorrow morning ...

~fraaap~

~braap~

~BRRRTTRTRTPPF~

(Fredegunde'mind '): fuck! Luckily Chloe didn't wake up ... a little gas ... I nearly fell on myself ... the bed vibrated with fart! And the last one was slightly wet ... disgusting but also exciting, the smell is acrid, will it always be the fault of the potions? I dare not put my head under the covers to smell it, I really hope it has dispersed by tomorrow morning.

Now I'm fine though, I die of sleep, I can sleep peacefully.

At night Fredegunde's butt emitted farts of all kinds, which at a certain point stopped after the release of a spray of slightly liquid poop that dirty the back of her panties and spread evenly on the mattress. It was undoubtedly the side effects of too many potions and the cold in the bowels after the wetting that had not dried because it excited herself.

~bsssst~

~puuurtt~

~pprrraaprapp~

~Prrrrrrrttttt~

~grlhgrlhgrlhgrlh~

~fraaap~

~fraaap~

~frbpurtrbt~

As soon as the sun rose, Chloe woke up.

(Chloe): good morning ... big sister?

Fredegunde snored louder than ever.

(Chloe'mind '): she must be exhausted by how much she has tried to save me ... what is this heat ... I wet the bed ... and I wet her again, when she wakes up will she be angry? She said it happens to her sometimes too ... I hope she doesn't punish me ...

Chloe looked under the covers and realized that the mattress was completely drenched

(Chloe'mind '): what is this smell ... it smells bad! I can't believe I have discouraged so badly ... I don't even have to go, it also seems more than a fart ... if Fredegunde saw me now I wouldn't know what to tell her ... and I can't use magic to make this disappear. .. at least not so fast, I could warm it up to evaporate my pee, even if the stain would remain ... and to remove the disgusting smell I could open the window, now I get up and hope that the big sister won't wake up.

However, I feel sorry for whoever is the owner of this bed and this room ...

Chloe saw that the bed was completely saturated with her urine, she did not know that Fredegunde had both pissed and shit on her in her sleep and thought it was completely her fault, in particular the rancid smell that perpetrated in the room made her lose confidence in herself , as if he had no control over his needs.

Chloe tried to remove the stale urine on the bed, but without any success, luckily Fredegunde slept, then Chloe opened the window, but strangely the air did not seem to come out, she did not know about the magic barriers made by Fredegunde and therefore did not know what to open the window was useless.

Meanwhile Fredegunde was dreaming of being naked, of not being able to use magic and of being stuck in a glass sphere with a host of demons on the outside that kept hitting the sphere that cracked little with each stroke, this frightened her that sometimes he would leak pee droplets.

She had to go to the bathroom and in the sphere she could not otherwise she would have had to walk in her urine and feces, she also had to discourage badly but she could not otherwise the smell would have accumulated in the sphere, in practice she had no way to save herself except that of wake up, but I dream was so realistic that he could not imagine that he was sleeping.

Chloe was now naked because in the meantime she had taken off her panties that had now gone from white to yellow, had all the shades of yellow and gave off a acrid smell, she also realized that she had an irritation to the skin due to contact with urine and she used the basic magic of cure until the irritation disappeared, the smell and the sticky sensation however remained and Chloe really wanted to take a bath, so reluctantly she decided to wake Fredegunde, but when she had approached her and was about to to wake up...

~brrbrrbrtt~

A wet fart came out of Fredegunde's ass leaving Chloe with his mouth open in amazement, then Fredegunde moved slightly and ...

~squelch~

~squelch~

~phsssssssssssssssss~

The wet and dirty bottom of Fredegunde moving made several wet sounds and a hiss followed them, Chloe took a while to understand that Fredegunde had dirtied the bed and to the realization that it was probably she who had caused the smell in the room before she opened the mouth in amazement and then she chuckled and smiled at the situation and because she felt more confident and with less shame and embarrassment she decided to wake up her big sister who had made a mess on the bed.

(Chloe): big sister, wake up, I think I wet the bed.

(Fredegunde): ... uh ... yes, I'm awake !, don't worry about the bed honey, it happens, wow you really drenched it?

It's completely soaked ... what is this stench, did you have to go to the bathroom and didn't want to wake me up? Wait ... what happened ... Chloe ... I think she owes you an apology, I screwed up on the bed ...

(Fredegunde'mind ') ... she is so humiliating, I have also reassured her, now how can I maintain my dignity?

That sucks that it's disgusting ... of course it's also exciting but still disgusting, I like getting wet but getting dirty is different ...

(Chloe): big sister I'm sorry it happened to you, but now you should clean up, it happens to everyone every now and then ...

(Fredegunde): you're right ... anyway I'm sorry you have to smell this, sorry.

(Chloe): don't worry I peed on you ...

(Fredegunde): okay, now we clean everything, unfortunately I can't clean the mess with magic, so the bed will be ruined, now I will dispel the magic barrier and let out the smell. Then I'll have to apologize to my friend ...

(Chloe'mind '): here is the reason why the air did not come out!

(Chloe): Do you have a friend here at the border inn?

(Fredegunde): no I hypnotized the owner of the inn to give us the room without paying ... now that I think about it we have no money, I think we will have to join the guild as adventurers and do some mission to earn money, then maybe we will find companions, maybe a strong warrior ...

(Chloe'mind '): can also use hypnosis! How powerful it is ... not the archmage at all!

(Chloe): I'm happy to be an adventurer and enter a party, but I don't want to team up with boys! I accept only

...cute girls...

Chloe was a little roasted from what she said but she didn't like boys.

(Fredegunde): I didn't mind a handsome man but I have to admit that I wouldn't want to be seen wet by a man ...

Fredegunde blushed when she said she would get wet again.

(Chloe): sister, I have a problem ... I no longer have clean clothes ... they are all stained with stale urine, they stink and are especially slimy my panties ...

(Fredegunde): my panties are worse ... but the clothes are not bad, I'm glad I removed them, I will go get you clean clothes and I must also refill potions, you stay here at the inn, we will sleep here another night and tomorrow we will go to the adventurers guild.

(Chloe): ok but come back soon, I will be bored without you ...

Fredegunde cleaned herself, took care of the irritation of the skin and put on the clothes she had left to dry without putting on her dirty panties, she also noticed that on the petticoat there was a visible halo of urine, which excited her.

(Fredegunde): take this magical device, if you shake it strongly I will know that you need me and I will come to help you, also take this dried meat and this water, if you need anything else go to the owner of the inn tell him that you are my friend, will definitely help, see you later, bye.

(Chloe): bye.

End of the 7th chapter!

World statistics:

Average demon:

Magic: 25

Strength: 50

Bladder: 16

Bowel: 16

Average adult elf (100 years)

Magic: 40

Strength: 10

Bladder: 4

Bowel: 4

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Chlothsinda (Chloe)

Magic: 200

Strength: 15 (basic) 70 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 8 (awake) -1 (sleeping)

Bowel: 8 (when awake) 8 (sleeping)

Fredegunde (the perverted archmage)

Magic: 320

Strength: 5(basic)

Bladder: 10(awake) 1(sleeping)

Bowel: 4(awake) 4 (sleeping)

Statistical info:

If the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

If the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

Strength (basic) means without magic upgrade!

If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks!

*014*2020-01-03 01:41

Happy new year to everyone!

Sorry for the calligraphy but the whole text is written in my native language (Italian) and has been subsequently translated into English with Google Translate.

The story was written for me so to satisfy my fetishes, don't read it if you don't want, Thanks !

Chapter 8, new characters:

Fredegunde left the inn saying goodbye to her fake best friend and headed to the nearby citadel to buy clean clothes for her and Chloe, arrived in the center of the village she started looking for a clothes shop, but then she realized that she didn't have a single penny and then he went to a shop with the word "pawnshop" written on it, then took a gold necklace enchanted by the ultra-dimensional warehouse and entered.

Inside there were many shelves and showcases, it was a confusing place, but even at first glance there was a large number of valuables.

At the center of the shop there was a tall, muscular woman, rather than a shopkeeper she looked like a warrior, she definitely inspired fear.

(Fredegunde): hi sir, i was wondering if you could give me some money if i sell you this necklace, it is completely gold, and it has a spell of high level physical strength increase and a light magic defense.

(Woman): hi Miss Maga, I believe you are a sorceress of noble origins, both from your clothes and from the magical power that you emanate, that necklace seems to be a powerful magical object, it is a problem to have it examined to see if what you have me said is the truth?

(Fredegunde): of course there is no problem, just examine it.

(Woman): Oh, not bad, it was a long time since I had been brought such an object, so I can give you 5 gold coins, take it or leave it.

(Fredegunde): then pay me 10 gold coins and I will add a magic ring.

Fredegunde took the ring from the ultra-dimensional warehouse

(Man): let me see it ... well it is undoubtedly less powerful than the second, it only amplifies the magical power of the wearer, I would struggle to sell it, I propose 8 gold coins, okay?

(Fredegunde): I have no other choice, I need clean clothes ... thanks for buying my items!

(Woman): no problem, if you need some clothes, go to the shop out here on the right and to the owner who sends you Ada, they will give you a discount, goodbye and thank you for coming to our shop.

(Fredegunde): goodbye, it was a pleasant meeting.

Fredegunde hurriedly left the shop and Ada was upset because she wanted the sorceress to reveal her name to her.

(Fredegunde'mind '): only 8 gold coins ... those items were worth at least triple ... I have no talent for bargaining ... now I have to find clothes for me and Chloe.

Fredegunde went to the shop that Ada had advised her, unlike the Ada shop, this place showed elegance and order, the clothes were divided into categories and on most of them there was a wooden tag with the price written on it, at a wooden desk there was sitting a woman in her fifties dressed in purple clothes and embroidered in gold, she seemed a noblewoman but she was only a merchant.

(Fredegunde): is it allowed?

(Old woman): come in, my dear, what are you interested in?

(Fredegunde): Ada sends me, I would like two complete sets of clothes for me and my little sister, which cost less than 5 total gold coins.

(Old woman): you went to my daughter's shop, young lady, can I know what kind of clothes they are interested in?

(Fredegunde): I would like two pairs of elegant clothes and two pairs of clothes that facilitate movement, then I would like two pairs of boots and two pairs of socks.

(Old woman) can I ask the reason for these purchases? The clothes you already have are not going well?

(Fredegunde): unfortunately they ruined ...

(Old woman): I understand, can you tell me the measurements?

Fredegunde took out a piece of paper from the ultra-dimensional warehouse

(Old woman'mind ') can use storage magic? Wow, not bad this sorceress, I wonder who she is ...

(Fredegunde): these are my little sister's measurements, unfortunately I don't know mine, I haven't bought clothes for a long time ...

(Old woman): no problem, remove your clothes and I will be happy to take your measurements.

(Fredegunde): ok I'll take them off right away.

Fredegunde took off her pissed shoes, dress and petticoat previously, then realized she didn't have panties because of her nightly accident and blushed accordingly.

The woman took a tape measure and took the archmage's measurements.

(Old woman): why don't you wear underwear?

Fredegunde blushed much more.

(Fredegunde): unfortunately my panties are ruined, that's why I need new underwear, I would like at least 3 pairs of panties for me and my sister.

(Old woman): I understand, I'm done taking your measurements, you can get dressed as well.

(Old woman): you can choose between these dresses, if you want I have others in stock, I just have to find them in your sizes.

(Fredegunde): don't worry, then I don't have time, my little sister is alone at the inn, I have to go, thanks for everything.

Fredegunde chose the clothes the old lady advised her, paid 5 gold coins, then took the clothes, put them in the ultra-dimensional warehouse, greeted the woman and left.

While returning to the inn of the sleeping bear, he saw a pair of very special red panties at a stall, they were an enchanted object that emitted a strange aura in the surrounding area, this caused Fredegunde to approach and after seeing the spells of those panties immediately decided to buy them for 2 gold coins.

With the gold coin left, she decided to buy some food to put in the ultra-dimensional warehouse at a grocery store.

At the end of his purchases in Fredegunde there were only six silver coins left and therefore he decided to return to Chloe.

Chloe after Fredegunde's exit was left alone in her room, the room smelled and she was bored, she wanted to take a bath but she thought she couldn't call Fredegunde for these trivia.

Then he chose to put on his heavily yellowed and stinky clothes and go to odo, the owner of the inn.

(Chloe) I'm your friend's little sister, my sister told me that I could ask you while she wasn't there, is there a way for me to take a bath?

(Odo): of course, there is a tub at the bottom on the right, since you are the first one who requested it, you have to fill it up and then heat the water the water, then you can take a nice hot bath and also the other guests will thank you.

(Chloe): thanks, is there a way to wash my clothes?

(Odo): we have no soap, but you can wash them at the well.

(Chloe): thanks!

(Odo): please don't thank me, thank your sister for everything she has done for me!

(Chloe): ok.

While Chloe went to the tub to finally take a bath, she was stopped by a young adventurer, apparently about fifteen years old.

She was 14 years old, her name was Alice, her past was dark, she was raised by an assassin and his wife because her parents died in a fire, she was now a young class B adventurer, she was 1.62 meters tall (5.3 ft), her eyes were deep blue, her hair was blond, she had a fair complexion, a toned and muscular body and her breasts were particularly large for her age, she now wore light armor and on his life you could see a dagger in a golden sheath.

(Alice): hello, I'm Alice, before I heard that you need to take a bath, I need it too but I didn't want to fill the tub alone, I'll give you a hand!

(Chloe): my name is Chloe, I will be happy to share the tub with you, thanks for the help.

The two went to the bathroom

(Alice): don't you need water? I think we should take it from the well.

(Chloe): no, I can create it with magic, I should be able to produce about 2000 liters per day, you think about lighting a fire to heat the tank, I am not able to heat such a large volume of water.

(Alice): it's amazing, who are you girl? To produce such a quantity of water is absurd ...

(Chloe): I am only the pupil of a powerful sorceress, I want to become an adventurer and then a paladin for the army.

(Alice): wow, I am also an adventurer, I can help you pass the test, and then if you want you can join me, I am a recent adventurer and I have not yet entered a party.

(Chloe): that's fine with me, I would like my teacher to join the party though.

(Alice): for me there are no problems, I would like to know your teacher first, tell me about her now that we will enter the water.

Some time later the two undressed and entered the tub a little embarrassed, Chloe told her situation and that of Fredegunde, omitting that they were hiding and her true identity, she also said that Fredegunde was his sister and that she was a powerful sorceress.

(Alice): you really have a great teacher, my coach is also a great warrior, she taught me to fight and raised me, then one day I realized that I did not agree with the life she had chosen and I did I went, in the future I hope to meet her and show her how strong I have become, but now let's talk about you, have you had a nice wetting problem recently?

Your panties are a disaster ... I felt you wanted to wash your clothes, if you have nothing else to wear I could lend me something, even if I doubt that my backpack has something of your measurements ...

Chloe blushed.

(Chloe): yes, I got wet last night, my sister went to town to buy clothes, I'll be fine, don't worry.

(Alice): Hahahahahaha, you really are a child is it?

Pissing on your age or wetting the bed is a bit childish ... you should grow up!

A tear came out of Chloe, not expecting offense or making fun of what she now considered a new friend.

~ Sniff ~

~ Sniff ~

(Chloe): you're bad ... I have bedwetting problems because I often have nightmares, I don't usually get wet!

(Alice): sorry, I didn't mean to offend you, I was just joking, I wasn't serious ... wait but then do you often wet the bed? hahahahahaha

Sorry! Sorry! I'm sorry, I guess you suffer from this ...

(Chloe): stop making fun of me ... yes, I suffer from it, and I've often been made fun of for this, I can't help it ... since my mother died I have terrifying nightmares that make me wet the bed from fear ...

(Alice): is your mother dead? I'm really sorry for having made you rethink bad memories, I shouldn't have offended you, I hope you can forgive me and that we can remain friends ...

You must know that I too often need to pee, I have to go right now ... so I had no right to make fun of your condition, sorry again ...

(Chloe): I accept your apologies and I still want to be your friend.

However if you have to pee, go to the bathroom ...

(Alice): this inn does not have a magic bathroom, you can go and do your needs outside or ask for a chamber pot, I don't want to get out of the water now, I can hold on a little longer ... if I wasn't with you in the tub I think I would let her out ...

Alice blushes from what she just said.

(Chloe): is there really no bathroom here? I can't pee outside ... wait, do you pee in water usually? Don't you disgust washing yourself in your urine?

(Alice): a little yes, but I must admit that I like the act, then with all this water you can't smell it ...

(Chloe): then go ... pee in the tub, it doesn't bother me ... go ahead.

(Alice): I can't ... not with you who know ...

(Chloe): I don't mind I said ... do it!

(Alice) ... ok, if you insist ...

Embarrassed Alice began to pee, did not have a large bladder but had been holding on for quite some time, so the water became partially yellow and cloudy around Alice and cleared slowly before the urine visibly reached Chloe.

(Chloe): wow, you really had to go ...

(Chloe'mind '): the water was really yellow, I must go too, but I am ashamed to ask and I see that if I do it it is too obvious ... I have to wait ... I can stay longer.

(Alice): it's so nice to get rid of a full bladder!

(Fredegunde): hi girls, can i go into the water with you?

Fredegunde had used an invisibility spell and had listened to the whole conversation from behind the door, when Alice peed in the water, Fredegunde could no longer resist and wanted to join in talking to the girls, the 3 chat until the fire goes out and then cooling the tank.

《《~~ Meanwhile in the imperial palace ~~》》

(Duchess): so how's the research going? Have you found those two fugitives?

(Chief of the guards): not yet, but the best bounty hunter is participating in the hunt, we should have news soon!

(Duchess): well, now is the time to publicly announce the events and declare that Elizabeth is the new heir to the throne.

Isabel and Elizabeth had lost memory of recent events because of a spell cast by a duchess's wand, and after seeing Chloe's scene hitting Elizabeth they agreed very much with their mother.

《《~~ meanwhile in the town near the inn ~~》》

A taller and more muscular bounty hunter than Ada herself with a fairy on her shoulder entered the pawnshop.

(Bounty hunter): Did this person come to visit you by any chance?

The huntress drew a portrait of Fredegunde.

(Ada): yes, do you know her?

(Bounty hunter): yes she is a friend of mine, I'm looking for her, can you tell me where she is now?

(Ada): no, but you can ask my mother, her shop is on the side, I asked your friend to go to her.

(Bounty hunter '): well, I have a track!

The bounty hunter thanked, said goodbye and went out and then entered the shop of Ada's mother.

(Bounty hunter): hi, your daughter said she saw my friend, do you know where she went?

(Old lady): who do I have the pleasure of talking to?

(Bounty hunter): I am a dear friend of hers, we had to meet yesterday but I lost track of her.

(Old lady): she didn't tell me where she was going, but she mentioned an inn, there aren't many in the city and there is one outside the city, you shouldn't struggle to find her, say hello, she is a nice girl.

(Bounty hunter): I'll skip it, goodbye and thank you.

(Bounty hunter '): excellent, I can finally kill two demons and avenge my family, I can take the reward and live more quietly from now on, I made a sacrifice to find the place but it was worth it it ...

《《~~ the previous night,in a forest near the capital ~~》》

(Bounty hunter '): I accepted the high-risk assignment to find those demons, I can't let them escape into their territory after what they've done, I have to find them quickly, I'll make a deal with the fairies !.

The bounty hunter went in search of the fairy village in the woods, and after facing multiple trials, she managed to talk to the fairy king and make a pact with them.

(King of the fairies): I will help you find those you are looking for, in return you will have to do something for me, my daughter, unfortunately suffers severely from a condition that rarely affects fairies, this is due to the curse that the gods inflicted on us centuries ago , now it is very rare that it happens, but sometimes it happens that a muscle does not develop to a fairy, at some, the most unfortunate ones do not develop the heart and die prematurely, at others the wings and die later, my daughter does not the bladder muscles are developed, so it is incontinent, I ask you to make the body-sharing agreement with my daughter, I ask you to share the muscles of your bladder with my daughter, in doing so she will be able to break the curse in the future and find the love to give me an heir.

(Bounty hunter): let's do it, what will happen to me?

(King of the fairies): nothing, at first you will only have urinary continence problems, which will probably disappear in the future.

(Bounty hunter): I'm a little sorry but I can't help it, where's your daughter?

(Fairy King): send her to call!

(Fairies): yes!

The fairies went to call the fairy princess.

The princess was called Sybille, at this moment she was in her bed and peeing.

~ Pssssssssshhh ~

(Fairies): princess, the king is waiting for you, hurry up!

(Sybille): tell my father I don't want to come!

(Fairies): but princess, there is a human who wants to share the bladder with you.

(Sybille): tell her I'll change and I'll be right there!

(Sybille'mind '): I don't believe it! I can finally have a normal bladder, although I will have to spend time with that human I think it will be worth it!

Sybille was very happy, she never believed that a human came to ask for such a thing, got out of bed, she was a 75-year-old fairy, for a fairy she was a teenager, she was 11 centimeters tall, for a fairy she was slightly short, she had short blue hair and emerald green eyes, she was very beautiful for being a fairy, but she had never had a boy because she had always been teased for her wetting problems, she had a medium-sized bladder, but she could not to restrain the pee, as soon as the bladder had to expand, his muscles release all the urine, wherever Sybille was.

Now she was dressed only in a pair of green panties, which she replaced with a pair of blue panties because the greens were drenched like her bed.

After putting on a short white dress, she flew into her father's room, and saw a huge human woman sitting on the floor, the woman frightens her, but she could not wait to have a greater continence.

Afterwards the king made the ceremony, which lasted until dawn, then the king to honor the pact had the bounty hunter transported to the area where Fredegunde and Chloe were, but the teleportation was approximate and the bounty hunter and the fairy found themselves in the grove near the border town.

(Sybille): then human, what is your name, I am Sybille, a long coexistence awaits us, be kind to me!

The bounty hunter is called Helen, she was 1.88 meters (6.2 ft) tall, had black eyes and brown hair, was a strong woman, good at murder and martial arts, had talent with the bow, with the sword and he knew how to use magic, his parents were killed by demons and now, who had heard of demons in human territory, he wanted to kill them personally, no matter what price.

(Bounty hunter): My name is Helen, I am a bounty hunter daughter of ordinary people, I hope you don't give me too many problems, incontinent princess ...

(Sybille): from today, look that you are too ...

Helen blushed slightly.

(Helen): you're right, but now we don't have time to think about the bladder, I have to find the demons who attacked the building!

But in that moment ...

~ Pssssssssshhh ~

(Sybille): I'm peeing on me ...

(Helen): no!

At Sybille's words, Helen snapped, unhooked her belt and dropped leather pants and white panties and crouched, immediately afterwards, her pussy released the pee that gushed for the same time Sybille got her panties wet.

(Helen'mind '): there was little lack ...

(Helen): warn me when you are going to wet yourself ...

(Sybille): you know I don't notice ...

As they walked Helen rethought the spell for sharing the bladder and its effects and the curse inflicted on Sybille.

Bladder sharing:

After 3 seconds that one of the two loosened the muscles of the bladder, the other would have pissed for the same time and with the same intensity, if one of the two remained, the other would have been able to hold for a while, but this drastically reduced the continence of both for some time, if the two had moved away for a distance greater than 1 km (1100 yd) they would both have become incontinent forever and if one of the two died, the other would have become incontinent forever.

The spell would be broken only with the same ritual and in no other way, the King would repeat the ritual after the daughter had obtained normal continence.

Curse:

A form of complete inability of the muscle to function, the only way to cure was sharing that muscle with a human, fairy and human being had to share the same conditions for more than 5 years, after which, the curse will be broken but the spell could not have been broken for another 5 years, otherwise the curse would have also affected the human being.

End of chapter eight!

World statistics:

Average adult fairy (70 years old):

Magic: 20

Strength: 1

Bladder: 5

Bowel: 5

Average demon:

Magic: 25

Strength: 50

Bladder: 16

Bowel: 16

Average adult elf (100 years old):

Magic: 40

Strength: 10

Bladder: 4

Bowel: 4

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Chlothsinda (Chloe):

Magic: 200

Strength: 15 (basic) 70 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 8 (awake) -1 (sleeping)

Bowel: 8 (when awake) 8 (sleeping)

Fredegunde (the perverted archmage):

Magic: 320

Strength: 5(basic)

Bladder: 10(awake) 1(sleeping)

Bowel: 4(awake) 4 (sleeping)

Alice (B rank adventuress):

Magic: 0

Strength: 50

Bladder: 5(awake) 5(sleeping)

Bowel: 7(awake) 7(sleeping)

Helen (bounty hunter):

Magic: 35

Strength: 150(basic) 160(high magical boost)

Bladder: 22(awake) 16(sleeping)

Bowel: 20(awake) 14(sleeping)

Sybille (fairy princess):

Magic: 40

Strength: 1(basic) 2(high magical boost)

Bladder: 0(awake) -5(sleeping)

Bowel: 8(awake) 5(sleeping)

Statistical info:

If the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

If the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

Strength (basic) means without magic upgrade!

If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks!

