Just a fantasy world..

Author: Asuna.bed.wet.

*021*2020-02-02 18:41

Volume 2 chapter 3, return back to the capital.

[In an unknown land in the internal territories of the demons]

Eisheth after the fight against Katherine had completely taken the faculty of using magic and was now looking for her castle lost in the boundless heath of the demon territory.

(Eisheth'mind '): damn that woman! Because of her I have to walk on foot in search of my castle!

It is incredible that these places are the same as twelve millennia ago ...

I'm tired, I'm hungry and I have to go to the bathroom ... after all I haven't been there for 12000 years!

The needs of mortals affected Eisheth now lacking the magical power needed to suppress them.

Eisheth had walked for about 2 hours and finally arrived at a village where he met a young demoness who was returning home from school.

The demons had a lower level of technology and knowledge than the human one because of the hatred that the other races felt for them and therefore denying them the possibility of cultural exchanges or commercial exchanges with the other races, because of this the demons lived in a way more primitive, in retrograde houses and with a low level of education, only high-ranking demons could attend school and therefore a demon student was rare to see, this Eisheth could not know.

(Eisheth): girl! I order you to guide me to the castle!

(Demon Girl): How do I pray?

(Eisheth): are you deaf? take me to my castle!

(Demon girl): who are you? How dare you give me orders?

Eisheth was about to punch her but stopped herself.

(Eisheth): sorry, maybe you didn't recognize me, I'm the empress Eisheth, now that you know, guide me to my castle!

(Demon girl): empress? Nice joke, it doesn't even make you laugh, go away immediately or I'll hurt you!

(Eisheth): Girl! How the fuck you dare to disrespect your mistress and sovereign! Now take me to my castle otherwise I will kill you!

Eisheth approached the demon and screamed them in a voice that vibrated in the air

~ frrt ~

~ pssh ~

The girl was taken aback lost a wet fart and a spray of pee that stained her panties.

(Eisheth): do you have?

(Demon girl): if you yell at me it seems normal!

Listen woman, I don't know who you are, mistress? Sovereign? I do not know you!

Ae do you want to go to the castle is exactly 10 days of travel north and I've never been there!

Don't disrespect me, my father is the rector demon of this city, if you don't want trouble, leave me alone!

Eisheth was really about to hit the girl but now that she had reminded him, she desperately needed a bath.

(Eisheth): okay, I don't want to waste time letting you find out who I am, thanks for the directions girl and sorry if I scared you ... now ... could you tell me where the closest bathroom is?

(Demon girl): what a hypocrite! Did you almost get me wet and now you ask me for a bath?

If you want to lighten up do it on the street behind a bush or ask someone for a chamber pot, in the whole village the only real bathroom is in my house but forget to use it!

Eisheth did not believe what he had just heard.

(Eisheth): feel that you don't believe me I don't care ... but I can't tolerate being denied a simple bathroom, now take me to your house otherwise I will kill you and use your body as a bathroom!

~ pssh ~

A spasm of fear caused a jet to leak into the demon girl's panties.

(Demon girl): okay, don't scream, I warn you that if you come to my house you will see it with my father and the guards, then we will see who will get their pants wet!

Eisheth smiled smugly

(Eisheth): okay girl, take me to your house now with the guards I'll talk to you.

Eisheth and the girl walked to the most luxurious building in the village, in size second only to the demon school.

(Demon girl): help! Here is a criminal who pretends to be an empress!

As soon as she arrived at the door the girl screamed.

Eisheth snickering stretched her legs

The guards went outside the palace and surrounded Eisheth.

(Guard): what did you do to the miss?

(Demon girl): threatened me with death ...

(Guard): oh sorry miss, do you want us to execute this ignorant woman?

(Demon girl): no, it's enough for me to scare her until she pisses on me!

(Guards): received, let's go!

Eisheth remained silent

The guards entered the arms and approached Eisheth.

(Eisheth): if you take just one more step I will deprive you of your legs, you are warned!

As for how you behaved you must at least prostrate yourself to me and make me use the bathroom, if you do not do it I will make you feel severe pain!

The guards saw that Eisheth was hostile and launched themselves on her with the weapon unsheathed.

In less than a millisecond the legs of all the guards stopped being attached to them and their bodies fell to the ground unconscious.

Eisheth would not have left the guards intact anyway, since she wanted to have fun, obviously the guards were nothing for her but seeing the blood of someone demon, human or demihuman satisfied her.

Obviously, the demon who saw himself trying his own lower limb guards could not help but fall on his knees scared.

(Demon girl): please don't hurt me ...

~ pssssssssshhh ~

~ brrr ~

~ splurt ~

~ dirty ...

The kneeling demon girl released her bladder, then emitted a wet fart that stained her panties indelibly and then a soft mess was pushed out of her bowels and found a new home in her panties.

Eisheth doesn't care much if someone else besides her had an accident but she knew that some would feel humiliated or covered with shame so she liked to tease or mock who had an accident before her and her power.

(Eisheth): you are a disgrace to your race! I will leave you alive but impress the image of the current state of your clothes and learn to respect even the people you don't know!

Now take me to the bathroom I need it!

(Demon girl): yes, immediately!

(Girl demon 'mind'): I can't believe what I saw, the guards are strong but a higher demon could easily defeat them all, however this woman without using magic hit them at the same time without me, one of the best students, I could not even see the residual image ... she said she was my mistress ... who is she actually?

The girl accompanied Eisheth to the bathroom and went to change into clean clothes after cleaning herself, always thinking about who she really could be.

(Eisheth'mind '): a bathroom ... since a long time I haven't seen one ...

If I remember correctly, I liked doing this every now and then ...

Eisheth removed the black sheet that enveloped her and remained naked since she had no underwear.

She sat down on what could be called a toilet and released her bladder and bowels, she liked the feeling of lightening herself when she was full, she would have preferred to sit with her panties on and wait for her to lose due to an unintended release but now she hadn't time, he wanted to know better the world of demons in recent times, he wanted to go to the castle then make an army and march outside the borders, after he wanted to make the territory of the other races his and eventually march on the human capital where he had been locked up for centuries and turn it into a place of despair where no one could have lived forever.

[in the forest near the village]

The girls had now finished eating and headed for the village, of course some had changed their clothes:

Physical details of the group and the clothes worn:

Spoiler

《Chloe》

Race: human

Age: 11 years old

Height: 1.64 meters (5.4 ft)

Weight: 56 kg (123 lb)

Breast: good for age (cup B)

Black eyes

Red hair

Beauty in the opinion of the world: extremely beautiful

Underwear: pink cotton

Shirt: beige shirt + ultra-divine armor

Trousers: white linen trousers + ultra-divine armor

Socks: thick pink cotton socks.

Shoes: very comfortable canvas shoes similar to ankle boots

Accessories: Katherine ring

《Fredegunde》

Race: human.

Age: 24 years old.

Height: 1.60 meters (5.2 ft)

Weight: 44 kg (97 lb)

Breast: below average (cup B)

Eyes: cobalt blue.

Black hair

Beauty in the opinion of the world: average

Underwear: white cotton

Sweater: long purple robe

Pants: violet tights

Socks: fine gray socks.

Shoes: Havana leather boots with fur

Accessories: 2 rings and a necklace

《Alice》

Race: human

Age: 14 years old

Height: 1.62 meters (5.3 ft)

Weight: 49 kg (108 lb)

Breast: okay for age (cup B)

Blue eyes

Blond hair

Beauty in the opinion of the world: really nice

Underwear: black (heavily urinated)

Shirt: gray + light armor

Pants: black leather (a little smelly)

Socks: thick white socks

Shoes: reinforced black canvas shoes.

《Adallinda》

Breed: wood elf

Age: 80 years old

Height: 1.68 meters (5.5 ft)

Weight: 52 kg (114 lb)

Breast: okay for age (cup C)

Light blue eyes

Hair: amber

Beauty in the opinion of the world: sensually beautiful

Underwear: green (lightly stained with pee)

Sweater: green blouse + green sweater

Pants: green skirt

Socks: green socks

Shoes: leather ankle boots.

《Helen》

Race: human

Age: 20 years old

Height: 1.88 meters (6.2 ft)

Weight: 81 kg (178 lb)

Breast: big and hard (cup D)

Black eyes

Brown hair

Beauty in the opinion of the world: attractive but frightening

Underwear: White (heavily yellowed panties)

Sweater: white cotton + chain mail in mithril

Pants: black leather pants (slightly damp)

Socks: black socks (slightly damp)

Shoes: black leather boots (soaked in urine)

Accessories: ring against time blocking.

《Sybille》

Breed: fairy

Age: 75

Height: 0.11 meters (0.36 ft)

Weight: 0.9 Kg (2 lb)

Breast: average for a teenage fairy.

Green eyes

Hair: light blue

Beauty in the opinion of the world: very cute

Underwear: light blue (dirty panties after constant accidents)

Sweater: white short dress

Pants: short white dress (too yellowed)

Shoes: none

The girls were now discussing the facts of Chloe's dream:

(Alice): So your mom said you got stronger now?

(Chloe): we talked about things like cutting a mountain ...

(Fredegunde): but he also said that you need training right?

(Chloe): yes, in fact I hope you big sister can help me with spells and I also hope to find a warrior willing to teach me the techniques of hand-to-hand and sword fighting ...

(Helen): for me there is no problem to train, but it will be hard I warn you! First I have to get you a certain level of pure physical strength, then without magic or enchanted armor and then I will teach you all the techniques you want to learn!

(Chloe): I don't want to sound arrogant ... but right now I think I am strong enough to learn the techniques necessary for my future ... the equipment given to me by my mother is absolutely too powerful but also my current physical strength seems to have grown a hundred times ...

(Helen): you don't want to be arrogant but I think you are, if there hadn't been that armor to protect you from my blow, worse things would have happened to you than a simple release of gas ...

Chloe blushed after mention of his involuntary release.

(Chloe): Don't make fun of me, you smell like pee after all! Anyway, I'm serious when I say I have enough physical strength!

(Helen): I got wet because I owed it to you after what I did to you! However, I would like to experience this force you speak of firsthand, I challenge you to a friendly battle without weapons and without magic!

(Fredegunde): Helen, don't hurt my little sister otherwise ...

(Helen): I won't do anything to her, I just want to see her level of physical strength!

(Sybille): Couldn't it be that maybe you just want to vent and show your strength?

(Alice): or maybe you want to have an accident with my friend?

(Helen): girls but who did you get me for? I just want to see the strength of those who went to train ...

(Chloe): the duel is fine for me ...

(Fredegunde): if it's okay for Chloe then I agree ... however if I see you overdo it I'll stop the fight myself!

(Adallinda): don't hurt yourself! in case of problems I could still use a potion to heal you ... be careful and do not overdo it ...

(Helen): don't worry, obviously I won't be serious!

Chloe felt slightly offended at this last statement, after all she now had a part of the power that her mother had given her and she was proud of it.

(Chloe): we'll see what you say when I win ...

Chloe whispered but Helen still managed to hear but did not give weight to his words.

The girls moved on an arid plain without vegetation, Chloe put the armor in the ring only with the thought.

Helen and Chloe distanced themselves and waited for Alice to leave.

(Alice): go!

(Helen): then show me what you know capable of doing!

As soon as Helen finished the sentence Chloe shot at high speed towards the bounty hunter, her movements were rough but her steps were so powerful that they left marks in the rocky terrain.

(Helen'mind '): she is fast!

Chloe punched and Helen prepared to dodge him but Chloe accelerated taking the huntress by surprise, Chloe jumped on Helen and dropped her, they landed on the grass, Helen felt a familiar warmth in the groin and Sybille inevitably rushed, however now the huntress felt humiliated by a little girl and decided to be serious, with very fluid movements she stood up and kicked in the bowels of Chloe, the latter did not expect such a bad blow and a little for the surprised and a little bit of pain I release the bladder for at least 5 seconds, now her new panties were ruined and a wet patch of the size of a coin was visible on her white pants, this made her saddened and angry a little.

Helen didn't stop after the kick, she quickly approached Chloe and punched her in the stomach making her fall on the ground with her lower back.

~ brrmphf ~

~ pfsssstt ~

A muddy, wet fart left a brown car in Chloe's poor pink panties.

She blushed slightly, had not reported any damage unlike Helen who still felt sore but the latter would never have said.

(Chloe'mind '): not worth ... hadn't he said we shouldn't be serious?

(Adallinda'mind '): these two are scary ... they could kill me in a second ...

(Helen): you surprised me, you are much stronger than I ever thought, you have a lot of room for improvement, it will be a pleasure to train!

(Fredegunde): don't you think you exaggerated, was it just a little friendly test?

(Alice): Chloe! Are you OK? Have you suffered a bad blow, do you need treatment?

(Chloe): I'm fine! girls I haven't lost ... If you want we can stop, I know I lack technique but the power that my mother has given me makes me feel good, it fills me with strength and awareness ... on the other hand I was only taken by surprise , I think I could have won!

(Helen'mind '): this girl is getting on my nerves!

(Helen): Do you think you can win? You have nothing but strength, your techniques are ridiculous and your movements are predictable! Besides ... don't look down on me girl! If we were serious, you wouldn't be able to take a minute!

I have been training since I was much younger than you!

Helen got carried away by immaturity and challenged Chloe to a real duel, she was envious of the girl who had such strength only because she was given to her by her mother overnight and also wanted to have her have an accident with her strokes but even if he tried he could not see anything on the crotch of his pants.

(Chloe): okay, I want to continue the duel, Alice lend me your sword please, I don't need my mother's equipment to win!

Chloe had now been stubborn but usually would not have reacted like this, she only did it because she was irritated by Helen's behavior and because it had made her panties dirty, she also thought that he had done it on purpose given the points where he had hit her.

(Fredegunde): I can't allow you to do a serious duel, Chloe, if you want to show your strength do it against monsters after we accept a guild assignment once in the village, Helen, if you didn't realize it Chloe is still a little girl, it is not good to do superiority demonstrations with her, if you want to show her the gap between you then train her and show her how far she still has to go, if you want to fight instead of how about challenging me to a duel ?

(Helen'mind '): Now that I have taken countermeasures to thwart your time control I could accept ...

(Alice): I agree, also I will not lend you my sword, compared to Helen's it is too fragile, I absolutely don't want it to break!

(Chloe'mind '): maybe I let myself get carried away ... I should bring respect for an adult bounty hunter ...

(Chloe): okay ... I admit my absence, one day, however, after I am loosened I want revenge!

(Helen'mind '): what happened suddenly? Is more mature than I thought ... maybe we could even get along ...

(Helen): Chloe, you are very strong and you have great chances to become really stronger than me, from tomorrow we will start training is decided!

(Chloe): okay, this is great!

(Fredegunde'mind '): Helen has completely ignored my challenge ... and I who wanted to have fun and train ... okay, I will let off steam against some monster ... now that I think about it it's strange that we have not yet met any enemy ... after all this is a border area ... maybe it's because of that? In fact, it should keep any low-level monster away from the area around me ...

Fredegunde remembered one of his rings and looked at his ring finger as he thought.

(Fredegunde'mind '): anyway ... I have to poop ...

~ gurgle ~

The laxative effects of Adallinda's potion began to manifest but since Fredegunde was now in a group of six girls she was ashamed to release a fart or ask for a break and then the sensation excited her and she wanted to have some fun, Fredegunde also had worn a necklace of her own creation that gave her almost total immunity against the negative effects of low-level potions or spells and therefore could resist at least another half day if she continued to release gas every now and then.

(Adallinda): I am tired of walking ... in the future with the money we will earn I would love to buy a cart or horses ...

(Fredegunde): no problem, I could also use the magic of flight and invisibility for all of them ... but I think this would make us too sure of ourselves, it would weaken us and if someone sees us it could be suspicious of it, I think the horses are the best choice also because a carriage would still arouse suspicion.

(Fredegunde'mind '): maybe I should remove the rings in order to meet some monsters ...

(Adallinda): you're right but I like the idea of traveling in a carriage ... but I realize that maybe it's too flashy and palatable for the bandits ...

The girls were almost at the entrance to the village.

(Sybille'mind '): I have been hearing something for a few minutes that I had never heard before ... I think it is the need to pee ... how is it possible? It should take longer for the fairy's curse to freeze ... maybe that's because Helen's bladder is so strong?

However, this feeling is fantastic, I had never experienced it before ... it is truly sublime, maybe I should warn Helen and pee together ... but maybe ...

But at that moment Sybille's bladder loosened and hot urine began to water her panties, after a very short time a stream fell from under the dress of the fairy as she flew making a jet of pee fall to the ground that produced a sound that was difficult to hear.

(Sybille): Helen ... I'm peeing ...

~ pssssssssssssssshhh ~

(Helen'mind '): fuck!

Helen's previously yellowed panties were soaked again and the leather pants did nothing to absorb the release by pouring urine on the legs and filling the hunter's boots.

(Helen): I know you can't do anything about it but please! Warn me as soon as possible when you are about to lose!

(Sybille'mind '): you didn't warn me first though! And then I like the feeling of holding back ... I think I also like to humiliate Helen ... in the future, I could make her spend moments of shame, I just have to make sure that she doesn't find out that I will intentionally pee ...

(Sybille): sorry ...

(Adallinda'mind '): wow, this curse is really interesting ...

(Fredegunde'mind '): it's nice to see this strong bounty hunter pissing herself ... but I would like to see in her eyes the real desperation and not such an unexpected release ...

Maybe I should take care of the little fairy and have fun with Helen in many ways ...

(Chloe'mind '): I feel sorry for her ... however the fact that she got wet makes me happy somehow ... maybe just because it made me angry before?

(Alice'mind '): poor Helen is a strong woman forced to pee on her ... I'm sorry for her even though she hit my friend ... however after seeing her I feel the stimulus too.

(Alice): girls, I have to water the flowers too, can you wait a moment?

(Adallinda): go ahead, don't worry.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I would like to go too ... but maybe it is better to keep it ... after all it will be useful to have fun with my favorite elf.

Alice walked slowly behind the trunk of a tree, pulled down her black panties which now gave off a smell of stale urine after previous accidents and finally let out a gushing stream of urine.

~ psssssssssssssst ~

(Alice'mind '): I have nothing to dry off with, okay my panties are still dirty ...

Alice pulled up her panties and felt a wet stain form on their gusset.

(Alice): I'm done! We can enter the village!

(Helen): perfect now I have to go into town with wet pants ... what a nuisance!

(Chloe): I could make the humidity disappear if you want it ...

(Helen): yes, please!

(Chloe): okay.

After Chloe finished drying Helen's clothes which still gave off a sweet smell of her pee, the girls entered the village and immediately went to the guild building, this was strangely empty by the standard of a border village.

(Adallinda): do we have to find a training mission?

(Fredegunde): yes, but first I would like information, we know that the demon empress is now free so I would like to know if something happened ...

(Chloe): in the dream I saw my mother in the capital ... I'm not sure what I saw but I believe that the demon empress was locked up under the palace and that my mother after she freed went to face her .. .I do not remember well...

(Alice): okay, let's ask for information before going to read the missions.

(Receptionist): what can I do for you?

(Helen): my friends and I have joined in an adventurous party, we would like some advice for a training mission, my rank is S, so I would like a difficult mission.

(Receptionist): at the moment we have no requests for the S class, if you are interested, however, there are two very difficult missions with urgent priority, the first is to go to the imperial capital, investigate the recent events and, if necessary, fight against the demons spotted around the palace, demons of a higher level and shapeshifters were also spotted. The second is to investigate the destruction of the sleeve city of Duldur by the undead, according to testimony, two Elder Lichs were present.

(Fredegunde): first we would like to have information on the current state of the capital.

(Receptionist): well, you have to know that last night, in the area of the imperial palace, there was a fight between beings of unimaginable power, the subsoil and most of the palace and buildings were disintegrated, however the victims are very few, among the missing there is also the Duchess and the emperor.

The real problems occurred after the clash between the supreme beings, it seems that in the combat the forbidden spell of higher level pandemonium was used, that is, the one that increases the rate of appearance of demons by about a thousand times, this has led to the generation of powerful demons capable of fighting on par with court wizards, the best adventurers in the world are now traveling to the capital, it is hoped that with a large number of magicians the pandemonium spell can be canceled.

Is there anything else you want to know?

(Chloe'mind '): Elizabeth and Isabel are in danger!

(Fredegunde'mind '): Maybe we should return to the capital by teleportation ... however I believe that court wizards and a large number of high-level adventurers are enough to seal the pandemonium, it would be a problem if it were an even more powerful spell ...

(Alice): So what do we do?

(Helen): between undead and demons I prefer the latter ...

(Adallinda): I think Chloe should decide ...

(Sybille): I'm afraid! I don't want to find myself in the midst of enemies of this power!

Sybille was really scared, in all her long life she had never seen demons or undead, she was about to leak into her panties but she surprisingly managed to hold back.

(Chloe): if the Duchess is missing there is no reason why we cannot return to the capital, thanks to our strength we will finish the mission quickly and return here to continue our journey, how long does it take to reach the capital?

(Helen): Sybille if I go to the capital you must come too otherwise our blisters will be ruined forever!

(Sybille): but I'm afraid!

(Helen): how can you fear a bit of enemies ... we are an extremely powerful group!

(Fredegunde): with the teleportation the magic of the flight we could arrive in about 1 day, if we go horseback riding it will take less than 5 days while on foot it will take us about 15 days, I propose to use the flight, even if once you arrive I will have need multiple potions to recover magical power ... Sybille, you are a fairy princess, your magical power is remarkable but if compared to mine it is a blade of grass in a field, I will take care of protecting you, please come with us so that Helen also comes and together we can protect the innocent citizens of the capital!

(Sybille): ... okay, however I want a reward!

(Fredegunde): what kind of reward?

(Sybille): I'll tell you at the end of the mission, but I want you to accept my request!

(Fredegunde'mind '): what could this fairy want?

(Fredegunde): okay, I will accept any of your requests, thanks for agreeing to come with us!

(Chloe): thanks Sybille, you will help me save my sisters, I don't know how to thank you!

Sybille blushes slightly

(Sybille): there is no need to thank me, it is enough for the sorceress to accept my request.

(Helen): okay, so we decided to accept the request!

(Receptionist): agree, this is a part of the payment in advance, at the end of the mission in any branch of the guild by submitting the necessary documents you can get the remaining part of the reward, now you just have to register your group to the mission and then you I will be able to deliver the confidential information and documents of the mission, write the name of the group in the registration below.

The girls registered with Helen's name since their group did not have a name, took the 25 gold coins for payment, took the file, then bought spare linen, food and drinks and finally left the guild branch .

~ glrrr ~

(Fredegunde'mind '): it's starting to get annoying ...

Fredegunde felt the gas build up in his bowels, Adallinda's potion was taking effect, probably within a short time Fredegunde would have had to find a bathroom or change his panties.

(Adallinda): it's almost evening, what do we want to do? Shall we leave now or in the morning?

(Helen): I propose to go eat at an inn and then spend the night.

(Chloe): I support the idea, we can't go save the capital if we're tired or hungry, let's go relax!

The girls went to the only inn in the village, The Silvery Owl, there they ate and rushed 2 rooms for the night with only 15 silver coins, the inn also had a magic bath but the use cost 1 gold coin per person it was obviously too high a price for a simple visit to the bathroom.

The inn also offered free meals for those who rented a room, so the girls decided to go for a meal by the evening.

~ phhffffssst ~

As the girls ate and drank sitting at the coffee table, a warm silent fart made its way under Fredegunde's skirt.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I have to release more gas if I want to postpone my visit to the bathroom ...

The girls continued to eat and Fredegunde continued to release gas under her skirt keeping it hidden with a spell that imprisoned the malevolent air and isolated the noise, obviously Fredegunde was very flushed from the situation and the fact that she did not eat anything was also suspect, but nobody said anything about her until the end of dinner.

(Chloe): big sister, you can accompany me in the woods ... you see I'm very tired and tomorrow we will have to wake up early ... so I wanted to pee before going to our rooms ...

Chloe said it while moving slightly, unlike Fredegunde he had drunk a lot more and therefore even if his bladder was bigger now he had to go with more urgency.

(Alice): I will accompany you, I must also go ....

(Chloe): thanks Alice, does anyone else want to join?

(Adallinda): I think it can keep you company, come on.

(Fredegunde'mind '): it's not fair! Okay if it empties I'll fill it!

Fredegunde thought so as a sparkle pervaded his eyes and a smile appeared on his face, a smile that was immediately interrupted by a strong impulse to fart.

(Fredegunde): I don't need a bathroom, I go to my room.

(Helen): wait for me, I'm coming too.

(Sybille'mind '): I start to feel the need to pee! Obviously Helen doesn't need to know ...

Now a smiling grin also appeared on Sybille's face.

The girls parted, Fredegunde and Helen went to the room while Alice, Chloe and Adallinda went to water the flowers.

They met in their rooms after about ten minutes.

Helen was already asleep still dressed, Chloe undressed remaining in underwear, Alice did the same and Adallinda followed them, Fredegunde in the meantime was still lying still dressed on the bed but now she was wearing cursed panties.

Alice and Chloe went to Helen's room and fell asleep after a few minutes.

Now only Adallinda, Fredegunde and Sybille remained awake, the latter being outside on the roof of the inn.

(Sybille'mind '): I think I have reached my limit!

~ psss ~

(Sybille'mind '): it's coming out!

~ hisssssssssss ~

A hiss could hardly be heard as the stream of urine fell from Sybille's skirt.

(Sybille'mind '): wow it's too good a feeling!

Sybille began to touch her pussy by rubbing the palm of her hand on her soaked panties, she would have continued for hours if sleep hadn't hit her.

~ hisssssssssssssssss ~

The strong bounty hunter was also wetting the bed.

Fredegunde and Adallinda paid no attention to the hiss coming from the other room, now their looks and all the other senses were concentrated on each other, in particular Adallinda was strongly attracted by the red panties of the archimage, they were in their own way beautiful and the sight of Fredegunde in that particular lingerie was enough to make her pussy viscous and wet with her sweet juices.

(Fredegunde): so, are you satisfied with the group we formed?

Adallinda taken by surprise by a question stopped looking at the sorceress's panties and snapped back.

(Adallinda): it is still early to say ... but I believe that if I stay with you I will be able to endure any adversity ...

Fredegunde blushed bright red

(Fredegunde): I also think that if we stay together the trip will be more pleasant ...

Adallinda also blushed slightly seeing that perhaps Fredegunde was probably returning his feelings.

(Fredegunde): You know Adallinda ... I think you do

~ grrrgggllle ~

Fredegunde was interrupted by a gurgling and excruciating pain in the bowels.

(Adallinda): it looks like someone here has to go ...

Adallinda smiled smugly

(Fredegunde): I've been dying to have a shit all day ...

(Adallinda): How about starting again from where we left off this morning? However, the parts seem to have reversed.

(Fredegunde): it seems like a great idea.

(Fredegunde'mind '): But it's not true that the roles have reversed.

The two approach one another and after looking each other in the eyes exchanged a kiss, then another and then a deeper and more passionate one.

During the kisses Fredegunde rubbed his hands on the elf's breast and through physical contact released more fart into his body.

~ fffrraaasp ~

A dry fart came out of Adallinda's ass.

(Fredegunde): it seems to me that the roles are the same as this morning, do you have to go by chance?

Adallinda blushed intensely

Fredegunde sent a considerable amount of poop to the elf's bowels.

~ glurrrg ~

~ pffffrrrt ~

~ phbbrrrrt ~

(Adallinda'mind '): it is not possible! A second ago I did not even have the slightest bloating of the stomach ... now that I think about it again this morning I had to go suddenly and then Fredegunde did not get free in a whole day despite the slight laxative ...

(Adallinda): Listen to me, normally I wouldn't ask for such a thing but I think you're using a spell to make me want to pee or release gas, is that the truth?

(Fredegunde'mind '): he discovered me ... shit!

The two stopped talking and moved away from each other always maintaining a strong eye contact.

(Fredegunde): I assure you that I don't know such a magic, but I must confess that I used an object to transfer my needs to you ... don't hate me for this please!

Fredegunde felt guilty for doing such a thing without asking for consent, in the morning she would never have thought that the elf would join her and therefore had fun as she could, but now she had to admit that she had a strong attraction for Adallinda and he believed he shouldn't have done this to her as exciting as it was, or at least he should have asked for consent to his crush.

(Adallinda): I don't hate you ... in fact I think I love you!

Both become silent and blushed very much.

(Fredegunde) you say ... seriously? You know too, I think you're so pretty ...

The two hugged each other tightly for a good few minutes.

(Adallinda): so what is this object with such interesting powers?

(Fredegunde): you have had it so far under your gaze.

Fredegunde pointed to the cursed panties.

(Adallinda): Are you serious? Isn't that ... would you let me try?

(Fredegunde): you really want to see me naked is it?

Adallinda blushed scarlet red

(Adallinda'mind '): of course I want to see you naked ... I just admitted that I like you ... also I wouldn't mind getting paid for the humiliation this morning, it would be really exciting ...

(Fredegunde): okay.

Fredegunde got out of bed and pulled off her panties exposing her shaved pussy to the now really excited elf, but when she took them off completely she felt her needs grow exponentially, she was on the verge of a complete loss then she crossed her legs and made a few hops until he regained complete control.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I almost lost control ... it seems that cursed panties have an effect that I didn't know ... an effect that helps hold back ... who knows what other secrets they hide ...

(Adallinda): are you okay?

(Fredegunde): yes, I just have to go ... wear them now.

Adallinda stopped five seconds to admire Fredegunde's body, took the belt of her panties and took them off, then excitedly took the red panties that Fredegunde had previously worn.

(Adallinda): wow it's an incredible feeling, I feel the power flowing in me.

(Fredegunde): I'm glad you like them.

(Adallinda): so how did you say they are used?

(Fredegunde): I think if you used them on me right now I'm going to poop and pee myself instantly ...

(Adallinda): from how you bounce on the spot I think it will happen in a very short time anyway.

(Fredegunde): not true! I am able to hold back longer than you did this morning.

(Adallinda): this morning I had you who used these panties against me and also tickled me while I was tied so we are not talking about the same conditions.

(Fredegunde): I still have to go all day ...

(Adallinda): hold back, you are not a child, you are the archimage!

Anyway I'm not going to use them for now, I want to pick up where we left off.

Adallinda threw Fredegunde onto the bed and kissed her as she ran around with her fingertips rubbing her full bladder, then slowly applied pressure.

Fredegunde wanted to tell her that she was about to lose but she was too involved in the kiss and also the feeling that the pressure was giving her was too pleasant.

Adallinda stopped putting pressure on her bladder and started sucking on the sorceress's nipple while with her other hand she spread her wet pussy with excitement, the elf decided to gently insert 2 fingers into Fredegunde's wet flower and to rub slowly, Fredegunde was unable to refrain from moaning and began to massage the elf's breasts herself, after a while Fredegunde was on the verge of orgasm, Adallinda managed to understand it and when she saw that she was about to come she filled the sorceress's bladder with all her pee that she had in her body and even if she had gone to water the flowers recently it was still enough to make Fredegunde lose control that he began to empty his bladder

(Fredegunde): is going out!

A high pressure jet came out of the sorceress but was interrupted by Adallinda who put her finger on the exit of the urethra, with the other hand touched her clitoris and Fredegunde came out splashing in the hands of the elf who at this point removed her finger of the urethra and consequently a river of golden pee flooded the bed.

(Fredegunde): ... it was wonderful

(Adallinda): I didn't hurt you, did I?

(Fredegunde): absolutely not, you were fantastic, I had never enjoyed so much.

~ grrrglle ~

(Fredegunde): I have to go to the bathroom now!

(Adallinda): wait ... now it's your turn ...

(Fredegunde): If I don't go now it will be difficult to clean the bed even with magic ...

Adallinda then took off her cursed panties and handed them to the sorceress.

(Adallinda): don't go, if you really can't resist you can lighten up inside me ...

Fredegunde's eyes widened with the proposal and a grin appeared on her face.

(Fredegunde): if you really insist.

The two naked hours moved to the other bed as there was a huge amount of pee in the first.

As soon as you lay down Fredegunde put a good part of his poop in Adalinda's bowels, the elf writhes a little for the sudden change of fullness but then she recovered and the two launched into a warm and deep kiss while the sorceress with one hand began to passionately fingering Adallinda's pussy.

(Adallinda'mind): sublime!

Adallinda was about to come and Fredegunde understood it then decided to move to afalinda's feet and with two hands she rubbed gently but very quickly between the elf's legs.

(Adallinda): I'm cumming!

A cry of pleasure was issued by Adallinda who was unable to control herself, the two lay down embracing one another and then a truly satisfied smile crept into their faces.

(Fredegunde): Did you like it?

(Adallinda): yes, I would like it to continue forever!

At that exact moment the door handle started to turn.

~ frrfrt ~

~ prffrrt ~

~ prrfflorrrt ~

Fredegunde stopped the passage of time as soon as he noticed the movement of the handle and consequently lost control of his bowels.

(Fredegunde'mind '): luckily it's not Chloe, with her mother's ring she wouldn't have been affected by the spell.

Fredegunde stopped to look at the figure of Alice.

(Fredegunde'mind '): she was probably awakened by the noisy noises ...

Fredegunde cleaned the mess she had made, dried her pee and dressed herself and Adallinda in clean clothes, then put the elf to bed and finally removed all odors from the air and went to sleep herself.

(Alice): all right?

(Adallinda'mind '): what happened? Didn't Alice see anything? Thank god! Did Fredegunde use any incredible spells?

Alice was a little surprised to find nothing strange and therefore after no one answered she decided to go to bed again.

With telepathy, Fredegunde explained to Adallinda what he had done and the two, bitter about not being able to continue, fall asleep, Adallinda with her bowels still full and Fredegunde completely empty.

The following morning the first one to wake up was Helen, she was literally shocked by the huge pool in which she was, she knew no magic and had no object to dry such a quantity of urine, obviously it was not her fault but Sybille's fault , but still she felt humiliated and childish and would never have wanted anyone to see the state of the bed and her clothes.

(Helen'mind '): what a humiliation ... that incontinent fairy could at least wake me up before going to bed to empty herself together ... now the others will see me like this, it's too embarrassing ... my clothes are more humid that if I jumped into a lake, so smelly and so sticky, I have to find a way to hide everything and possibly take a bath ... maybe the fairy knows some spell.

Helen looked for Sybille but didn't see her anywhere, had fallen asleep on the roof after having reached the summit of pleasure several times.

After not finding Sybille anywhere, Helen decided to admit that she had got wet and accept any teasing or humiliations but could not resist staying in soaked and sticky clothes then went down to the inn entrance to ask where she could clean up.

The second to wake up was Chloe, it was surprisingly dry.

(Chloe'mind '): unbelievable, I've been bathing the sheets for almost a year ... maybe I'm dreaming, thinking about it doesn't seem to me that I had nightmares, that it is thanks to the courage given to me by my mother?

Chloe got dressed and went outside to pee.

Alice had dreamed of being hidden in an empty barrel on a cart while being robbed by bandits who among other things took the barrel in which she was hidden, now she dreamed of being in their lair surrounded by bandits who shared the booty and the thing worst is that he had to damn pee, suddenly he didn't hold it anymore and he lost control, the roaring noise attracted the attention of the bandits who opened the lid and then Alice awoke with a start, first she felt reassured by the fact that it was of a dream but then felt a suspicious warmth expanding.

(Alice): No!

It took all his willpower to tighten the bladder muscles but the black panties were soaked and there was a small wet machine on the bed.

Alice was struggling with both hands buried between the legs, did not have the courage to get out of bed because he thought that if he did he would lose control, while thinking about how he could get out of the unhappy situation he felt himself losing a spray , then another and yet another.

(Alice): no! is coming out!

Alice when she realized that it was too late by now jumped out of bed and once on the ground the urethra opened creating a waterfall from her panties, she tried to run but cost that she would have done nothing but a wet trail in the inn decided to crouch and let go on the spot.

Once the piss was over, Alice took off her panties and put them to dry and then dried herself, finally went back to bed pretending that nothing ever happened and hoping that the fault lies with someone else, once in bed he noticed that neither Chloe and Helen were present and wondered where they could go, he also grudgingly saw that the bed where Chloe had slept was dry unlike his and also noticed the extreme soaking of Helen's mattress.

Meanwhile Sybille had also woken up, her clothes were particularly wet partly from the morning dew and partly from the pee in which she had slept, so she decided to dry herself with magic and go to the girls' rooms to see if they were awake and to see the current state of Helen and her bed which was definitely wet.

Adallinda and Fredegunde slept soundly with a smile on their face due to happy dreams.

(Helen): good morning, is there a bath tub?

(Innkeeper): yes, on the back we have a tank, it must be filled with water from the well and then heated, usually the first one that needs it fills it for everyone, this morning as it is still early the tank is still empty, I hope you will fill in for the others too, thanks in advance.

The innkeeper saw the state of the clothes of the woman in front of her and smiled.

(Locandiera'mind '): he definitely had an accident, probably while he was sleeping, which means he has to pay the commission!

(Helen): thank you very much, so I'm going.

The bounty hunter started to turn around while very embarrassed.

(Innkeeper): wait a second, by chance the reason why you need a bathroom has to do with the fact that you had an accident?

(Helen'mind '): it would have been strange if he hadn't noticed ...

(Helen): yes, sorry for the mattress, now I'm going to wash myself before my companions wake up.

(Innkeeper): stop! He has to pay compensation for wetting the bed, it's 10 gold coins!

The innkeeper increased the figure tenfold because she had the feeling that the woman in front of her could afford much more.

(Helen): are you crazy? 10 gold coins to wash a mattress?

(Innkeeper): I don't think you used the bathroom yesterday, you overestimated your skills and now you have to pay! Or would you rather ask your friends for money?

Helen was amazed at the innkeeper's determination.

(Helen): Will my friends find out anyway, however where is it written that I have to use the bathroom? What if you had gone to eternity? Anyway why do I have to pay a similar amount? It makes no sense, take this and be silent!

Helen gave the innkeeper a gold coin

(Innkeeper): woman, maybe we didn't understand each other, pay me or else I'll report you to the guards!

You have to pay because you have signed the lease of the rooms, and it says that if the bed gets wet, the inn must be compensated according to the circumstances and for a maximum amount of 10 gold coins!

The innkeeper made Helen read a document signed by Fredegunde.

(Helen'mind '): how much insistence!

Helen read the whole sheet and her anger went up.

(Helen): you have chosen the wrong person for these scams, it is clear that this document does not declare that I have to pay the maximum amount and this because I did not mess up on the bed, I only peed, also I did not try to hide anything and I paid immediately, I can't even be fined and that gold coin is more than enough as a refund, now I'm going to take a bath.

(Helen'mind '): luckily I managed to stay calm.

(Innkeeper): ok, for now I accept it, there is no need to get angry, if however when I clean up the room I will realize that you lied to me then I will call the guards!

(Helen): do as you please.

Helen took a huge barrel and filled it with water, thanks to her strength she was able to fill the tub in less than 10 minutes, the problem now was to heat it, but fortunately Chloe also wanted to take a bath and then reached her.

(Chloe'mind '): had an accident ... will it be the fault of the curse?

(Chloe): Do you need help?

(Helena): yes, do you know a way to heat the tub? Taken from the heat I filled with cold water and now I don't know how to heat it ...

(Chloe): no problem, give me a minute and we can enjoy a hot bath.

Chloe warms the water until it gives off a warm and comfortable value, the bounty hunter removed her clothes and entered the tub.

(Helen): aaaah thanks Chloe, it's really relaxing.

(Chloe): Glad you like it, wait for me to come in.

Chloe took off her clothes and put her foot in the water.

(Chloe): Owwww! Scotta! Scotta!

For the sudden burn a drop of pee trickled between Chloe's legs.

(Helen): all right baby Chloe?

(Chloe): yes! Alright...

(Helen): why don't you come in then?

(Chloe'mind '): how does it stay immersed? The water is definitely too hot!

(Chloe): I'm going in!

Chloe quickly immersed herself in the tub, enduring the heat without showing pain but only a smile, she didn't want to show weakness to who would go to train her.

(Helen'mind '): wow, I didn't think a little girl entered the hot water ... she probably used some magic.

(Helen): aah it's so relaxing! Thanks for helping me with the bathroom, to repay me I will not be hard on training, at least at the beginning of course.

(Chloe): I'm happy to help you, but I don't need you to go easy on me, in fact I would like to learn as fast as possible!

(Helen): as you wish ...

Sybille entered the bedroom window and immediately flew to Helen's bed, found the sheet and mattress completely soaked.

(Sybille): she didn't even try to hide ... who knows where she went and Chloe isn't there too, I think she can rest a little more then.

Sybille fell asleep on Chloe's dry bed.

Fredegunde woke up immediately afterwards, the panties and the bed were slightly wet, but not with peeing, probably Fredegunde had become very excited in her sleep.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I'm dry, this is new, I have to go though!

Fredegunde got out of bed and picked up a night blue dress from the ultra-dimensional warehouse.

~ bbrrraaphffff ~

Fredegunde turned in surprise, the sound came from Adallinda's bed, after all the elf had received part of the load of the sorceress in her bowels and added to her hours she really had to go, but she continued to sleep.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I only hope that he will not have a messy accident on her bed ... even though it would be nice to the view ...

Fredegunde changed her underwear into a pair of blue panties and bra, put on the rest of her clothes and went out to empty herself hoping to find a nice surprise on her return.

On his way out he smiled smiling at Helen's completely drenched bed and the puddle in front of the door.

Fredegunde came down the stairs of the inn and felt leaked, immediately put a hand between his legs and stopped.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I have to hurry, there was little missing!

Fredegunde limped out of the inn and attracted the innkeeper's attention who was initially banned but then decided to make his move.

(Innkeeper): lady, are you feeling well? Should he use the bathroom? The price is 1 gold coin!

(Fredegunde'mind '): fuck! What does this woman want?

(Fredegunde): I'm fine, I just wanted to get some fresh air in the early morning!

As the archmage asserted this confidently a dribbling warmed her panties and a slow drip trickled down her right leg.

(Innkeeper): it is clear that you need the bathroom, now she is not stupid and you pay for her needs.

(Fredegunde): okay, I have to go and water the flowers, so what? You have no right to tell me where to do it !, now move and let me out!

The innkeeper stepped between her and the door

(Innkeeper): if the guards saw you pee in public, the fine would be higher than a gold coin, so I'm just helping you, then as long as you're in the inn I command, and then it is customary to use the bathroom of the inn, now hurry up, if you have an accident you will have to pay the compensation fee!

Fredegunde became angry at the inn's words, but then smiled

(Fredegunde): What if I told you that the one who will have an accident is you?

(Innkeeper): don't be silly, I don't even have to go, I don't advise you to waste time joking, know that I could think of increasing the due compensation for the compensation since you insist on postponing the visit to the bathroom!

(Fredegunde'mind '): Okay, you deserved it.

Fredegunde activated the mind control magic.

(Fredegunde): Can you hear me?

(Innkeeper): yes!

(Fredegunde): I am your mistress and from now on you will obey my every order or request ok?

(Innkeeper): yes!

(Fredegunde): well, from now on you won't ask for any more money to use the bathroom, did we understand each other?

(Innkeeper): yes!

(Fredegunde): well, from tonight you will start to wet the bed and every time someone close to you will say the word "pee" then you will piss on whatever you are doing!

(Innkeeper): yes!

(Fredegunde): ok then wake up!

The archimage snapped his fingers and the innkeeper came out of his trance.

(Fredegunde): how are you lady?

(Innkeeper): well, I just feel a little shaken ...

(Fredegunde): Can you tell me where the bathroom is? I really need to pee.

~ pssssssssshhh ~

A puddle of steaming urine formed under the innkeeper.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I almost lost sight but it worked!

(Innkeeper): excuse me, I don't know how it happened ... the bathroom is at the end of the corridor to its right ... these are the keys, now I'm sorry but I need clean clothes ...

The innkeeper went to change and Fredegunde limped to the bathroom door with both hands planted between her legs, with all his willpower and self-control he managed to insert the key and open the door, but once inside the release began, first one spray then another, then another.

(Fredegunde): no!

With a waterfall falling between her legs, the sorceress lifted her dress and sat down without bothering to remove the blue panties that were now dark blue and she found relief by letting go.

(Fredegunde'mind '): it went badly ... however the feeling is still very pleasant ...

After half a minute of continuous flow, the archimage wanted to rub her pussy a little through her wet panties but did not do it because she wanted more to see the state of Adallinda, then after a spell of total cleaning and a quick drying she returned to the room.

Meanwhile Sybille had woken up in the room with a strong urge to pee, but now that she loved this new and unknown sensation she absolutely did not want to let her out and then she curled up in Chloe's bed, instead Aloce had fallen asleep again and Adallinda slept releasing every now and then gas.

Chloe and Helen were still in the tub which now had a more acceptable temperature.

(Helen): ok, I think it's time to get out of the tub.

(Chloe): why? right now that the temperature is perfect ... we will go with the magic of flying anyway ...

(Helen): because I don't want to travel too late, even if we will travel by flying I think people are dying from demons, I want to prevent the unjust deaths of the innocent! You too should have good reasons to return quickly to the capital right?

(Chloe): you're right! I have to save my stepsisters!

(Helen): remember to keep your goals focused before the fun, now let's go!

(Chloe): yes!

The two got up but when Helen was about to leave ...

~ psshhh ~

~ piddle-paddle ~

(Chloe): Helen?

The bounty hunter's face turned red, she didn't feel the slightest go but she had lost a significant jet nonetheless.

(Helen): it's all right ...

(Helen'mind '): how is it possible? Ah, right! That fairy! But that means ...

~ pssssssssshhh ~

Just then Sybille lost her grip on Chloe's bed and as a result Helen's urethra also opened, making Chloe hear a hissing and splashing sound.

(Chloe): ahahaha, sorry but your face is really comic right now ...

(Helen): don't look! It's not my fault! It's obviously that curse fairy!

(Chloe): I guess not because Sybille explained to me that her curse suddenly makes her wet but you lost before a full release ... so don't accuse poor Sybille who is now having an accident because of you!

Helen was completely blown away, did not know how to fight back and therefore simply decided to get dressed in silence and go out.

(Helen): take my bag in the room please and tell the others that I will wait for you for the departure.

(Chloe): it will be a pleasure, in a little while.

Meanwhile Fredegunde had gone back to her room and was now in front of Adallinda not knowing whether to wake her up or not, she was forbidden.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I would love to help you clean up from an accident ... but I don't even want to be the cause, I decided, I will wake you up!

While the sorceress was about to gently shake the sleeping elf ....

~ bbrrrraappt ~

~ ffrrrt ~

~ flooort ~

Poor Adallinda lost control and released her bowels on the bed.

~ hssssssssshhh ~

Now even a hiss could be easily audible.

(Fredegunde'mind '): it's as if a wish of mine has come true!

After a little sniffing and contemplation, Fredegunde decided to wake her up.

(Fredegunde): hey babe, I think it's time to wake up!

(Adallinda): ...

(Fredegunde): hey, I think you need cleaning.

(Adallinda): ... good morning ... clean myself? Why?

(Fredegunde): I think you had an accident ...

Adallinda unconsciously put her hand on her lower back and felt a foreign body in her panties, accompanied by an unpleasant smell and great humidity.

(Adallinda): I ... I ... I don't believe it!

Fredegunde was both terribly excited and sorry for the elf.

(Fredegunde): don't worry, now I will help you clean up and I assure you that I won't tell anyone.

(Adallinda): do you promise?

(Fredegunde): of course, now get up.

(Adallinda): ok ...

Adallinda removed the blanket and let the archimage see the size of her accident.

Adallinda's poor panties were slightly lowered due to the heavy load and Fredegunde could not help smiling.

(Adallinda): you could help me with magic quickly ... it's embarrassing and I absolutely don't want to be seen like that.

Fredegunde nodded and started casting spells to make the dirt of Adallinda and her bed disappear, of course always with a small smile.

(Adallinda'mind): I'm glad that only Fredegunde saw me like this ... I only wonder if it's not his work ... he's smiling if I'm not mistaken ...

Fredegunde finished cleaning everything in the room and Adallinda got dressed.

(Fredegunde): I hope that in the future we can have fun together like last night ...

(Adallinda): I too would like ...

The sorceress and the elf blushed.

(Fredegunde): well now it's time to leave, are you ready to fly?

(Adallinda): yes, I can't wait, yesterday it scared me at the beginning but I think flying is fantastic, let's go!

(Fredegunde'mind '): who knows if the others are ready to go.

The elf and the sorceress went to the communicating room.

(Chloe): Good morning big sister! Good morning Adallinda!

(Fredegunde): Good morning Chloe, did you wake up dry? I see that you have already prepared yourself, are you impatient to return to save the citizens of the capital?

Chloe blushed at Fredegunde's question.

(Chloe): big sister! Don't ask me these things in front of the others ... however completely dry!

And yes, I want to go see how my stepsisters are doing.

(Fredegunde): well, we will leave very soon.

(Adallinda): Goodmorning Chloe, it's time to wake these sleepyheads! Where's Helen anyway?

(Chloe): it's already out waiting for us, now I wake up Alice and Sybille and then we can leave.

(Chloe): big sister, could you clean the beds with magic? I don't want the innkeeper to find out.

(Fredegunde): I agree.

(Fredegunde'mind '): it would seem that only Helen had an accident ... however that puddle in front of the door ...

Fredegunde looked around and saw Alice's clothes on the chair, recognized a pair of wet black panties among them, they were undoubtedly Alice's.

(Fredegunde'mind '): so she was after all.

Fredegunde wiped the puddle, the beds except Chloe's who thought she was dry and Alice's black panties.

(Chloe): great sister job! Now if you want you can go down to eat something for breakfast, I'm not hungry, I'll take care of it here.

(Adallinda): sounds good, come on!

(Fredegunde): ok I'll take you, Chloe hurry, we must leave as soon as possible, I would like to get to the capital before it gets dark.

(Chloe): okay!

The sorceress and the elf went down to the ground floor of the inn and went for breakfast.

(Chloe): wake up Alice! We have to leave and you have to prepare.

(Alice): ... yes, I am awake, here I am getting dressed.

Alice jumped out of bed still naked after putting her panties to dry and causing Chloe to blush slightly and looked away.

Alice dressed and marveled at the speed of drying the panties and the puddle, hoping that the latter had not been cleaned by one of them and that no one would ask her questions.

Chloe took Helen's bag and then it was ready.

(Chloe): are you ready to fly?

(Alice): it scares me a little but at the same time it attracts me, besides I can't wait to kill some demon!

(Chloe): that's what they say! Here we go!

(Alice): yes!

The two went out and reunited with Adallinda and Fredegunde, once the four drank together and all but Chloe ate something.

Meanwhile in the room Sybille got up from Chloe's bed, who now had a car of small directions due to his half-intentional accident. The fairy wiped and dried the bed too and then went out the window to find Helen impatient to leave.

(Sybille): good morning Helen, did you sleep well?

(Helen): yes but not thanks to you ...

Sybille expected a more angry and severe reaction, did not understand the reason but it was fine.

The highs finished breakfast and all gathered outside the inn after greeting the innkeeper and taking food and water in case of need.

Chloe gave the bag to Helen and then Fredegunde started talking.

(Fredegunde): I can see that you are all ready, now I will explain what the plan is, to begin with I tell you that for a magician there are three different ways to fly, the first is the perfect one, or telekinesis, with it you it loses little magical power, it is the easiest to control and the fastest, however it cannot be used simultaneously on multiple objects, or at least I am not capable of it.

The second way is to completely cancel the gravity of your body and use the magic of the wind to move around, this is the way we will use it.

(Alice'mind '): and the third way?

(Adallinda): I'm ready to go, shall we go?

(Chloe): yes, let's go and save the capital!

(Helen): I'm ready, but first I would like to know how long you think it will take to get to your destination and also what road you think you are going.

(Fredegunde): it's a difficult question, I think in 12 hours we will have to do it, the distance is about 600 miles, I intend to pass traveling at a height slightly above the top of the trees and following the shortest way thanks to my clairvoyance spell .

(Helen): just as I thought, I do not recommend this, if we go directly to the capital with the shortest way, it means that we will have to pass over the valley of the dragons.

(Fredegunde): so what? They won't attack us so easily, my ring will keep away wyverns and minor dragons, and I doubt that we will be attacked by a higher or worse dragon.

(Helen): as you prefer, I have no more questions, we can go.

(Adallinda): I have a question, how do you think you can use the magic of the wind on all of us simultaneously and in coordination?

(Fredegunde): it's simple, I will lock ourselves all in a magical platform and use magic to move the platform and not each of us individually.

(Sybille): so you will also save a good amount of magic power right?

(Fredegunde): exactly.

(Chloe): are we leaving then?

(All): yes!

Fredegunde created a large magical platform under the party, had a hemispherical shape with a flat floor, then eliminated the gravity of the so-called sphere and with an upward current made it reach beyond the height of the inn, then with the magic of clairvoyance he saw in in the distance the blue dot that indicated the position of the capital and with the magic of the wind began to move the platform and Alice frightened felt a small heat indicating that it had slightly leaked into her panties, consequently she blushed a little hoping that no one would notice.

(Alice): I don't want us to fall from such a height ...

(Fredegunde): quiet, I'm not a beginner.

Even Chloe and Adallinda who were frightened after reaching cruising speed relax, Helen closed her eyes and went into a light sleep while Sybille began to feel the urge to pee again and went to sit in a corner with her legs crossed not wanting anyone to notice her while enjoying the restraint.

Half an hour passed and the girls entered the valley of the dragons, there was little vegetation and most of the soil was full of holes of all sizes and rocks of all colors, it was certainly a tempting place for adventurers but still a place too dangerous to be explored, every now and then Fredegunde could see a dragon that however quickly moved away once it entered the radius of action of the magic ring of the archimage. However if someone had looked up high you could see a shadow above the clouds that followed the girls' platform,

Helen woke up after about ten minutes.

(Helen): I see that we are already almost out of the valley of the dragons, we are traveling very quickly, if we continue like this we will arrive before sunset.

(Fredegunde): you are right but I estimated 12 hours calculating the breaks to recover my magic power, have a snack or go to the bathroom.

Sybille, who was about to lose the urge to go to the bathroom, lost a 3-second click in her panties, causing Helen to lose too.

(Helen'mind '): I just leaked ... how? I don't need to pee ...

Helen looked for Sybille who was already looking at her, and then.

~ pssssssssshhh ~

The bladder of the fairy and the bounty hunter empties completely.

Chloe and Alice started to giggle and Fredegunde got a little excited at the sight of Helen's face as she lost control without being able to do anything.

(Sybille'mind '): an accident is much better than Helen who finds out I can keep her ...

Helen's bladder even if not even at 20% of its capacity saturated Helen's previously yellowed white panties and then poured into the leather pants that did not help absorb anything and therefore a large puddle began to form which gradually expanded on the bottom perfectly magic platform plate.

(Chloe): big sister do something Helen's puddle is expanding across the platform!

Fredegunde wiped all the urine from the puddle and released the vapors from the platform to avoid smelling.

(Helen): fuck! It's not fair ... I know it's not your fault but please notify me when you're about to lose!

(Helen'mind '): now I have to stay with wet panties for the whole trip ... what a nuisance!

(Adallinda): it's not her fault ... if you want Sybille I can give you a potion that increases the size of your bladder and continence for a limited period of time, so at least more time will pass before I have to go again, be careful though since when the effect ends and the bladder narrows it is impossible to keep peeing ... I know from personal experience ...

Adallinda blushed and Fredegunde was aroused by feeling her pussy get slightly wet.

(Sybille): thank you, I accept with gratitude!

Sybille took the potion and drank it, Fredegunde also took the first magic recovery potion and drank it.

Now that the atmosphere was calmer and more relaxed, Helen immediately noticed a shadow following them from above the clouds.

(Helen): Shouldn't that ring fend off dragons?

(Fredegunde): exactly, I had the confirmation a little while ago why?

(Helen): I have the impression that something big has been following us for a while ...

(Fredegunde): really? Where is it?

(Helen): look up ...

Just as if waiting for that moment, the creature that followed them fell below the level of the new ones, it was an immense dragon of bluish color and numerous blue crystals sprouted on its skin, now all of a sudden the being emanated a strong aura of power and power, he was surely a very dangerous enemy.

(Fredegunde): ... we are in trouble is an elder sapphire dragon.

(Helen): I'm not a dragon expert, how bad is it?

(Fredegunde): as every mineral dragon takes on the properties and hardness of the mineral it feeds on when young, a sapphire dragon, in addition to being rare, is also incredibly powerful and this is even an elder dragon ...

In a few words it will be really difficult to defeat him, let's hope he won't attack us ...

(Helen): I told you not to go through this place!

(Fredegunde): I didn't think I would find such a being ... from what I have studied I know that the probability of meeting an elder dragon is very low, however it is not said that he attacks us!

After Fredegunde's words, the dragon descended to a height of about 150 meters (500 ft) from the magic platform and making itself visible in all its magnificence and grandeur.

~ pssssssssshhh ~

~ pssst ~

Now the dragon's aura of fear had touched extreme levels causing Alice to lose a 3-second jet that was now whitened by fear and she found a warm and wet feeling against her femininity.

The elf who had never seen a dragon before was not so lucky and completely lost by immersing the green dress with all her pee.

Helen and Sybille maintained control also thanks to their empty bladder, Chloe and Fredegunde instead were not influenced by the frightening aura thanks to their enchanted equipment.

(Helen): damn it! That thing is too big! Take us to the ground, it is clear that it has hostile intentions!

(Fredegunde): calm down, girls hold on tight, accelerate!

Fredegunde instantly multiplied the speed of the wind that pushed them.

The dragon that was following them was struck by this sudden increase in the speed of its target and tried to increase the speed, realizing that it could not reach the target emitted a strong roar for reasons still unknown.

(Chloe): big sister! it seems that you managed to sow it!

(Fredegunde): yes, I don't know how long it can maintain this speed ...

Fredegunde was breathing more heavily and took another potion to restore magical power again.

(Fredegunde'mind '): that verse is strange ... it doesn't seem to be angry, it's more like something else ... a call! I have a bad feeling ...

(Adallinda): I'm afraid, please get away as much as possible!

(Sybille): yes, please run away!

The elf and the fairy begged trembling to run away quickly.

(Fredegunde): what do you think he wants to do?

(Alice): Chloe ... I'm afraid.

(Chloe): you have nothing to fear Alice, the big sister and I will protect you!

Alice and Chloe took each other's hands comforting each other.

About a mile ahead in the direction where the girls proceeded, a woman with sapphire eyes and hair and dressed in a white dress with blue stones set was stationed just below the clouds as if she seemed to wait for the girls to arrive, when the platform the woman came closer and stopped floating and swooped.

The only ones who noticed her presence were the archimage thanks to her sensing magic and the bounty hunter with her developed instinct, but they realized it too late, with a second the woman was over the ball and with a fist he shattered it by precipitating all but Sybille and Fredegunde who could fly.

Chloe activated her ring and thanks to her divine armor she landed elegantly with Alice in her arms without feeling any pain.

(Chloe): Alice! Are you OK?

~ psssshhh ~

Alice's almost empty bladder emptied completely out of surprise and fear of sudden fall.

(Alice): thanks to you I'm fine ... but something tells me that I need new clothes ...

(Chloe): don't worry, I too almost lost control over the surprise, what was it anyway?

Meanwhile, Helen had taken Adallinda on the fly and with her physical skills they landed amortized, just on the ground, Helen immediately took the bow and began to look for the figure that had attacked them in the air.

The woman had immediately understood which of the girls represented a danger, obviously the archimage and therefore had attacked her first, but thanks to the physical enhancement and the magic of the flight Fredegunde dodged every blow that the woman had struck, which she left extremely surprised and happy to have found a strong opponent.

(Woman): hi sorceress, my name is Ervolzal, I hope to be satisfied with our fight!

(Fredegunde): I'm Fredegunde, why did you attack us, what do you want?

(Ervolzal): there is no time for questions, if you defeat me, an impossible thing for a human, I will be happy to answer your questions!

The woman immediately after stopping to speak struck a powerful punch against the archimage, which however did not hit her thanks to a spherical magic cage that wrapped Ervolzal at the last second, the barrier was the thickest that the archimage could do with so little time available but it seemed enough to imprison the woman.

(Fredegunde'mind '): there was little lack ... I have to be very careful ... I don't think it's human, but not even a demon, I don't know what it is but it's obvious that he wants to kill me, I can't even distract myself for a blink of an eye.

(Ervolzal): you are good, but you have no hope against me!

The woman threw a volley of powerful punches against the barrier, which however showed no sign of breaking, this gave Fredegunde to load the elemental ray, one of his strongest attack spells, as the element he chose lightning, this time it was not as against Helen, did not hold back in the least, wanted to win the clash pr

(Ervolzal'mind '): its magical power is truly impressive, creating such a strong barrier is incredible ... not that it scares me!

Ervolzal sent every magical particle of his body into his right hand and with a catastrophic punch shattered the cage, but Fredegunde had finished loading the elemental beam and immediately threw it against the woman.

(Ervolzal'mind '): oh shit ...

Ervolzal was unable to dodge and the biggest lightning bolt he had ever seen struck her directly and slammed her hard on the ground, she was now seriously injured but still alive.

~ psssssssssssssssshhh ~

~ sprrrpt ~

~ blllorrrrrpptpt ~

(Ervolzal): fuck!

A cascade of piss completely immersed the woman's dress and a muddy mess made its way out of her anus.

(Ervolzal'mind '): I have never been humiliated in my life! This sorceress enters our territory and makes me dirty alone! He will pay me!

Fredegunde thought for a moment that he had killed his opponent but still felt his presence, suddenly a huge accumulation of energy could be felt around the woman, Fredegunde immediately threw a volley of fireballs to permanently eliminate his opponent before he used that huge one amount of energy, unfortunately, even before the fireballs could reach Ervolzal, a blue light followed by the release of vapor enveloped the woman, and between the cloud a shadow expanded to become larger than the first dragon previously seen by the girls.

(Fredegunde'mind '): oh fuck! He was a dragon in human form ... with such power ... the situation has reversed, now my chances of victory are almost close to zero ... I just have to give up ...

The fireballs collide with Ervolzal's impenetrable skin and exploded, sweeping away the steam and showing the body of one of the strongest dragons ever.

(Ervolzal): I am Ervolzal, the third in command of the valley of dragons, The fullcrystal Blue! You insignificant human who dared to hurt me deserves suffering far worse than death!

The sapphire dragon completely released its frightening aura and prepared to launch its fire-breath.

~ psssssssssssssssss ~

Fredegunde was now terrified, she was shaking uncontrollably as a familiar warmth tickled her thighs and a steady stream fell from under her skirt.

(Ervolzal'mind '): now that I'm a dragon are you afraid? You are pathetic, now you die!

Ervolzal thought so as he saw Fredegunde motionless in midair while getting wet, she was still annoyed to be able to kill the woman before making her dirty herself like she did.

(Helen): Fredegunde! Move!

Helen saw the transformation of the dragon and then a Fredegunde motionless waiting for her own death and could not accept it, then she shouted to Fredegunde, took an arrow from the quiver and with her bow shot it in the open jaws of the dragon, slightly delaying her fire -breath and shaking the archmage's mind.

(Fredegunde'mind '): what am I doing! Accepting death so easily is stupid! Helen is here, in two we will kill this dragon!

(Ervolzal'mind '): ouch, that arrow hurts! But it doesn't matter, whoever launched it, I will think shortly after killing that annoying sorceress!

Ervolzal fired his powerful fire-breath making the figure of the archimage completely disappear in the fire.

(Helen): Nooooooo!

Helen took more arrows and shot them in succession at the dragon, which however did not seem to care much.

(Ervolzal'mind '): pathetic! I had made myself a much higher expectation! I overestimated you, this is what you deserve after humiliating me! It burns!

After a few seconds the flames dissipated and there was no trace of Fredegunde.

(Ervolzal): Now it's your saucy archer turn!

(Fredegunde): not so infected!

(Helen): Fredegunde!

(Ervolzal): you amaze me again, I thought you had given up on my appearance, but I warn you, from now on I will be serious!

(Fredegunde): I don't ask for more!

Fredegunde said to Helen with her mind: "at some point I will hurt her badly, at that point you attach her with the sword to the head and wings, in the meantime use the arrows to distract her!".

The dragon rose in flight with a lightning bolt leaving huge craters where its four legs rested, quickly headed towards the position of the archmage and with a turnaround he tried to give her a shot of the tail enough to split the top of a mountain in half .

Fredegunde with a fluid movement avoided it and combining the magic of wind and fire created a vortex of flames that completely enveloped the dragon.

(Ervolzal): you can't hurt me with mediocre magic! And you can't dodge forever, you're only delaying your death!

Fredegunde loaded the elemental ray again, this time he maximized it by combining all the elements together and releasing an energy similar to that of a small sun, he felt emptied of magical power and consequently completely relaxed all the muscles by making drops come out of his bladder again and heating the panties again.

Ervolzal understood how powerful the magic that was about to be thrown at her was and then with a flapping of wings she dodged the vortex of flames and pounced on Fredegunde ready to tear it to pieces with her teeth and claws, just when the archimage a barrage of arrows was about to hit it hit the dragon's muzzle, which slowed it down for a few moments allowing Fredegunde to complete the preparation.

(Fredegunde): die!

(Ervolzal'mind '): oh fuck ...

A radiant and terribly incandescent beam struck the dragon's body in full, which cried out in pain as it crashed to the ground.

To cast such a powerful spell in such a short time, Fredegunde had to resort to using over-magic and for this reason he had now almost lost consciousness and was slowly floating towards the ground while trying with the little strength left to open a recovery potion and releasing some soreggia due to the effort.

(Ervolzal'mind '): damn it, I didn't even protect myself!

It will take a while to recover from such injuries!

Ervolzal was now slumped on the ground covered with burns, even the sapphire crystals on his skin had melted due to the high temperature.

(Helen): Now it's my turn!

Taking advantage of the dragon's momentary inability to move, she rushed to her body to do as the archmage had told her and cut off her wings.

(Ervolzal): no! Stop!

Ervolzal could do nothing and Helen stuck her sword into the dragon's shoulder and started to move it to cut the wings, letting fresh blood flow out and making the now defenseless mighty dragon heal and growl in pain.

However the sapphire dragon first met by the group appeared to save his master.

(Dragon): Lady Ervolzal, I will protect you!

The dragon with a consortium struck Helen who parried herself with the sword limiting the damage but still being swept away.

(Ervolzal): I know I said to leave the invaders to me, but you could have arrived a little earlier anyway ... look at this woman as she almost cut me off a wing ...

(Dragon): my lady, my master, forgive me, from now on I will protect you with my own life!

Ervolzal returned to human form and climbed on the dragon's back.

(Ervolzal): well, kill this woman while I recover my energy.

Now Ervolzal had no obvious wounds in her human form but she was truly weakened, she could not fight or transform for at least a few hours and unless she was treated with a powerful spell it would take her at least half a day to fully recover her strength.

(Dragon): it will be an honor to fight with Lady Ervolzal on the shoulders!

The dragon rushed to Helen, who elegantly dodged the blow of the tail and tried to cut the side of the dragon, unfortunately his sword did not manage to pierce the robust sapphire scales of the dragon, before it had only succeeded thanks to the immensely powerful Fredegunde's magic, but now the sorceress was nowhere to be seen and therefore had to do it alone, for a while she continued to dodge trying to attack with a sword and a bow, but after a few minutes she was tired and in a moment of distraction she was hit by a dragon's claw, she cut her chain mail in mithril and cut the flesh on her side causing a considerable amount of blood to escape, then a tail hit her making her moan in pain and fly and then land on the ground rolling and crashing against a boulder.

(Helen'mind '): why do we have to face two such powerful dragons ... if only Fredegunde were here ... no! I can't count on her, she defeated the biggest threat, compared to Ervolzal this dragon is child's play, I refuse to die like that!

(Ervolzal): great job, now finish it!

(Dragon): yes!

The dragon flew over Helen and prepared to launch her fire-breath, Helen then tried to get up but could not.

(Helen'mind '): I think I have some fractures, for just a simple tail I can't move, what humiliation, I don't deserve to live, I'm weak, I can't compare myself to Fredegunde ...

The dragon released the fire-breath.

(Helen'mind '): it's over for me ...

~ sssptprlrlrrt ~

~ bllort ~

Helen closed her eyes now resigned to the inevitable and releasing her bowels filling the white panties with a semisolid mush.

But when the fire was about to swallow her a figure wearing full golden armor jumped in front of her and deflected the flames without hesitation, she had a flowing red hair that was not affected in the slightest by the fire, she was only a child but now she gave off a powerful aura that would make anyone feel safe, it was Chloe.

(Chloe): sorry I'm late, we had to defeat five lesser sapphire dragon, now we're going to help you.

Three knives and a burst of ice flakes were thrown respectively by Alice and Sybille precisely against the dragon's muzzle.

(Chloe): Adallinda! I need a health potion!

(Adallinda): I have something better.

Adallinda handed Helen a rainbow potion that shone with its own light, the bounty hunter took it without hesitation and once she drank she felt the energies return with interests.

(Helen): This stuff is fantastic!

Helen got up, took the sword and rushed at full speed against the dragon, regardless of the hot mass that at each step left her panties to drain them from the holes in the leather pants, now she wanted to cut those sapphire scales even at the cost of breaking the own sword.

(Chloe): wait, I'm coming too!

Chloe imagined holding a sword and a golden sword in her hand thanks to the ring, stopped to admire its beauty for a few seconds to jump on the dragon's back and plant the dragon's skin sword with a fluid movement without it doing no resistance.

The dragon screamed in pain and struggled to shake the attacker.

(Ervolzal): keep calm! Fly high and unplug!

(Dragon): yes!

The dragon still in pain due to the blows of Chloe and Helen began to think rationally and as Ervolzal had advised her took flight and climbed in altitude, Chloe and the bounty hunter were still on her, however, and continued to hit, doing almost losing consciousness to the dragon who managed to get above the clouds anyway.

(Ervolzal): now drop them! Don't worry about me, I can fly!

The dragon began to rotate on itself, until Helen's sword, which had just penetrated its scales, came loose, causing the bounty hunter to fall.

(Helen'mind '): fuck! If I fall from this height I don't know if I will be able to survive!

~ pssssh ~

(Helen'mind '): am I wrong or am I becoming incontinent?

Helen lost a click in her now no longer white panties, however this time it was because of Sybille and not hers, but she could not know and therefore both because of the thought of her probable incontinence and perhaps death from the impact of the fall, a tear it ran down her cheek, but both her concerns were unfounded, because a hand grabbed her.

(Chloe): I'll get you!

Chloe imagined her sword reaching out and so she did, she thought she had become good at using the ring.

(Ervolzal): no, you both fall!

Ervolzal took the sword stuck in the dragon's body and with all the remaining forces she managed to detach it at the cost of releasing new urine that ran down her legs.

Chloe and Helen started to fall.

(Chloe): sorry Helen, I should have planted the sword deeper!

(Helen): you don't have to apologize, the same goes for me!

The two continued to fall

(Chloe): Do you think we will survive the fall?

Before Chloe could answer, a tail struck both of them making them accelerate further, it was the sapphire dragon that tried to give her the coup de grace.

The two shouted as they continued to fall, Chloe although the ring increased her continence and courage leaked a little in her panties and Helen emptied again all that remained in her bowels, when, however, the two were about to touch the ground they stopped suddenly.

(Fredegunde): sorry for the wait, now let's teach these dragons a lesson!

(Chloe): big sister!

(Helen): Fredegunde!

(Fredegunde): are you ready to fly?

(Chloe + Helen): yes!

(Fredegunde): well let's go!

Fredegunde created 2 magical platforms under two and all three girls rose in altitude at lightning speed.

(Ervolzal): fuck! They approach, I think we should withdraw, after all the others have also been defeated ...

(Ervolzal'mind '): who are these girls? Are they human?

(Dragon): as you wish, retired!

However

(Fredegunde): not so infected, at least we want an apology and compensation!

(Ervolzal): you would do well to accept the victory, if a superior dragon arrives it could kill us and you with a simple fire-breath!

(Helen): it will mean that we will wait for him together with open arms!

(Chloe): Now come ashore and apologize to all of us!

(Ervolzal): okay, let's go down!

(Dragon): as you wish!

Once on the ground, the dragon also transformed into human form and unlike Ervolzal who still retained a part of his powerful aura, he seemed almost an ordinary woman, only gifted with beauty thanks to her beautiful features, eyes and blue hair.

After a heated discussion the two dragon women wisely decided to apologize and after giving the girls a large number of minerals, mainly sapphires they left with the promise: "next time we will bring you to your knees" and receiving the answer: "we don't see time!".

Fredegunde drank a recovery potion again, the girls cleaned themselves from their accidents in turn behind a boulder and then left for the capital on the magic platform.

[meanwhile in the demonic territory]

(Brarzomoth): Oh my powerful empress, forgive my daughter who has not recognized your supreme majesty, if this has offended her in some way I will be happy to pay with my daughter's life, no, with my own life!

Brarzomoth, the demon rector of the demonic village prostrated himself with his forehead touching the ground in front of Eisheth, while his daughter watched the scene from afar from a distance and when she heard her father offer her life, she leaked into the new panties that she had recently changed.

(Eisheth): my faithful servant, it makes no sense to kill you or your daughter, it would be a waste of demonic blood, our enemies are the other races, take me to my castle in the deconsecrated capital and from there I will organize the invasion to reconquer the world that once belonged to us!

(Brarzomoth): it will be an honor to listen to you in the capital, waitress!

In a voice that shook the expenses and walls of the building, the rector demon called a waitress, therefore, all the waitresses who heard the voice ran as fast as possible to the rector demon who called them.

(all the waitresses): how can we satisfy it?

(Brarzomoth): Prepare the most majestic carriage pulled by the fastest demonic beast, the supreme one, the empress of death, has returned to guide and command us, she must return to her castle as soon as possible, hurry, who will do her job well will be rewarded, those who make the slightest mistake or lose even a second to do something useless as thinking will be murdered seductively!

(all the waitresses): yes!

In a few minutes a terrifying and majestic carriage made of a black metal that oppressed and amazed even the most evil demon was ready with four demonic horses with red eyes and eight legs tied.

(all the waitresses): everything is ready!

(Brarzomoth): oh my empress, this humble servant of yours asks permission to accompany her as his personal guard, not that he wants to insinuate that you oh supreme need protection, however if someone in the deconsecrated capital decides not to accept it, I do not think it right that your majesty should be disturbed to kill such scum!

(Eisheth): okay, I will take you as a personal guard, now let's start quickly, from what I understand we are a week away, I would like to arrive as soon as possible.

Eisheth left in the carriage of absolute evil for the desecrated capital.

(Brarzomoth): oh my empress, let me inform you that with these demonic horses we will arrive safely in the capital by tomorrow morning.

(Eisheth): this is good news! Now I'm sorry but I would like to meditate in absolute silence to recover my magic power more quickly, so don't disturb me for any reason!

(Brarzomoth): I mean oh your supreme majesty!

(Brarzomoth'mind '): who knows what he means to recover the magical power?

[Meanwhile in the guild of magicians of the human capital]

(Magician of court 1): we have blocked demons in the internal walls and most of the citizens have been evacuated!

(Magician of court 2): there are no traces of the duchess or the emperor, however we have put the princesses safe!

(Court Wizard 3): The first group of adventurers and members of the wizarding guild was blown away by a single female demon!

(Court magician 4): archmage, how do comets proceed? we await orders!

(Lailena): first gather the archers and wizards on the walls and keep the demons away from the walls, then calm the inhabitants avoiding to panic them and finally form a group of elite warriors and magicians and together defeat the demons in the walls, afterwards I will enter the scene and cancel the pandemonium spell.

(Lailena'mind '): And then I will become empress in addition to arcimage, I could create a new title, supreme magical empress sounds good!

[near the human capital]

After about eight hours of travel between continuous flight and a few stops for a swim or to have a snack, the girls had almost arrived in the capital, now they had risen a lot, about a thousand meters high (3280 ft), it was still day and there were 3 hours to sunset, the girls hoped to be able to help the inhabitants before night.

(Fredegunde): we are almost there!

(Helen): my armor and my sword are damaged, could you take a detour to the north gate of the capital?

(Chloe): Can't we get you an enchanted armor from the adventurers guild? I don't want to waste time, I want to make sure my stepsisters are fine ...

Chloe also had another motivation for her impatience, she wanted to find a bathroom, she had been holding on for about 2 hours and her bladder was begging for release.

(Helen): you know, there is a friend of mine who works as a blacksmith, I commissioned her a sword and an armor with a total price of 3000 gold coins, I would like to go and get them before I die in battle because I don't have the equipment suitable, also this friend of mine is strong about like me, it will certainly help us!

(Alice): extra help is always handy, I agree on going to this friend, but three thousand gold coins ... it's an exaggerated figure ...

(Sybille): I think it's worth more than my father's armor ...

(Adallinda): Well I don't think that the armor of a little fairy as it is can cost me like that of a unan ...

(Sybille): hey, we will also be small but we have nothing to envy to other breeds ...

While quarreling Fredegunde looked carefully at the capital, he noticed a strange phenomenon, in the center the capital seemed darker, as if the night had already fallen only at that point.

(Fredegunde'mind '): as I thought is the forbidden spell pandemonium, however it seems the basic form, if the original demon really fought against Katherine it is strange to have used a non-final form spell, obviously the soul eater, she who defeated Katherine should be able to do something superior to a pandemonium, the fact that he didn't do it is suspect, I have to be careful.

(Fredegunde): So we agree on going through the north gate?

(All): yes!

(Fredegunde): Okay, then we'll fly over the city!

The party began to pass over the city and when the platform was above the center of the internal walls, despite the distance from the pandemonium's territory of influence, an oppressive aura of terror and violence could still be felt.

(Sybille): Helen have you leaked? You made me wet my panties!

(Helen): it was obvious that it wasn't my fault!

(Sybille): no it wasn't my fault, I'm still under the influence of Adallinda's potion!

Helen blushed but before she could speak to argue ...

~ ppphhffffrrrrtttt ~

An unmistakably loud fart sound echoed suddenly on the platform.

(Chloe): ok, who was it?

(Alice): don't look at me! I'm afraid but I just peed a little!

Alice blushed terribly after declaring she had wet her panties.

(Adallinda): obviously it wasn't me!

(Helen): me neither!

(Sybille): when I pass the gas I don't feel it.

All the girls looked at the only one who was silent, from behind and with a slightly lowered head, or the archimage.

(Chloe): big sister ?!

(Fredegunde): sorry!

(All): ahahahahaha ... ahahaha.

(Fredegunde): stop laughing!

~ frrrtt ~

Fredegunde screamed but due to the effort he released another fart shorter but still loudly.

(Chloe): again?

(All): ahahahah.

(Helen): it seems that someone will soon need a change of underwear if this continues!

Fredegunde blushed crimson and the girls burst out laughing even louder and when they stopped they had already arrived above the north gate.

(Fredegunde): ok I start the descent.

As they landed on the walls of the north gate, a group of archers charged with killing the flying demons fired a volley of arrows at the platform of the girls who obviously could not even scratch it and fell to the ground.

(Helen): nice welcome ...

(Alice): can you blame them? I'm in the middle of an emergency ...

(Soldier 1): identification!

(Soldier 2): throw your weapons away!

(Paladin): you don't look like demons, however landing from the sky from nothing is suspicious, who are you?

(Fredegunde): We are adventurers who have accepted the mission of helping the capital's army in repelling demons.

(Helen): we come from the border, we left in flight this morning.

(Paladin): I know most of the strongest adventurers and I have never seen you before, what is your group called?

(Chloe): We are a newly formed party so we don't have a name yet.

(Adallinda): do we have to give explanations for wanting to save the population?

(Soldier 2): shut your filthy half-human mouth!

(Fredegunde): enough is enough, you are exaggerating! Collect what you said immediately and leave us alone!

Fredegunde now had a purple sphere in the palm of his hand, it was an extreme pain spell, enough to make even the strongest of the giants pass out from pain and was now threatening the soldier who had discriminated against Adallinda, obviously the soldiers were scared at the sight of that spell and increasingly wary of the girls, some of them designed their weapons and those further away prepared to shoot with the bow, but the paladin who did not want a clash with those who probably were not a demon intervened.

(Paladin): soldier, we don't tolerate discrimination, sorry! And you adventurer, you are exaggerating, now withdraw that magic and talk about it calmly.

(Adallinda): no need to defend myself, I don't want you to get in trouble for me ...

Adallinda was actually happy that the archimage took up her defense and her theory that both good and bad humans existed was strengthened.

(Chloe): big sister, we show that we have no bad intentions ...

(Chloe'mind '): I have to pee!

Chloe was now almost hopping on the spot, she wanted the discussions to end as soon as possible to go in search of a bathroom or an alley to ease the pressure.

(Soldier 2): I apologize, I am just upset, it is the first time that I find myself in a similar situation ...

The soldier seemed sincere, in his life he had never seen an elf and therefore he did not treat him differently than he would treat a demon.

(Fredegunde): you're right, it doesn't make any sense to waste my magic on this soldier, so let us go?

(Paladin): it is not so simple, it would be useful if you let me see your adventurer guild cards and it would be excellent to have a person among our ranks who would confirm your identity.

(Helen): here are the cards, as far as a person I know is concerned ... I am a friend of Harriet the blacksmith, they were just going to his workshop.

(Paladin):... you are his friends so ...

(Paladin'mind'): that scary woman ...

The paladin glanced at the bounty hunter's card and after reading S class said, "all right, let them pass!".

(Fredegunde'mind '): it was easy ... this is a class adventurer esse for you.

(Helen): well let's go!

The girls headed for Harriet's shop.

End of Chapter 13!

World statistics:

Spoiler

Average adult fairy (70 years old):

Magic: 20

Strength: 1

Bladder: 5

Bowel: 5

Average demon:

Magic: 25

Strength: 50

Bladder: 16

Bowel: 16

Average adult elf (100 years old):

Magic: 40

Strength: 10

Bladder: 4

Bowel: 4

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Eisheth (demon empress and souls eater)

After the seal:

Magic: 0

Strength: ???

Bladder: ???

Bowel: ???

Chloe (Chlothsinda, A rank adventuress):

Magic: 200 (normally)

Magic with ultra-divine equipment: ???

Strength: [normally: 200 (basic) 250 (high magical boost)]

Strength with ultra-divine equipment: ???

Bladder: 10 (awake) 8 (sleeping)

Bowel: 10 (awake) 10 (sleeping)

Fredegunde (the perverted A rank adventuress):

Magic: 320 (basic) 420 (with magical items equipped)

Strength: 5 (basic) 150 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 10 (awake) 3 (sleeping)

Bowel: 5 (awake) 4 (sleeping)

Alice (B rank adventuress):

Magic: 0

Strength: 50

Bladder: 5 (awake) 4 (sleeping)

Bowel: 7 (awake) 7 (sleeping)

Adallinda (the wood elf)

Magic: 12

Strength: 12

Bladder: 7 (awake) 7 (sleeping)

Bowel: 6 (awake) 5 (sleeping)

Helen (bounty hunter):

Magic: 35

Strength: 150 (basic) 160 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 22 (awake) 16 (sleeping)

Bowel: 20 (awake) 14 (sleeping)

Sybille (fairy princess):

Magic: 40

Strength: 1 (basic) 2 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 2 (awake) -3 (sleeping)

Bowel: 8 (awake) 5 (sleeping)

Ervolzal the Fullcrystal Blue (third in dragons lords)

Magic: 40 (dragonic form) 160 (human form)

Strength: 640 (dragonic form) 160 (human form)

Bladder: ??? (dragonic form) 11 (human form)

Bowel: ??? (dragonic form) 11 (human form)

Average [Elder] Sapphire dragon (500 years old)

Magic: 20 (dragonic form) 80 (human form)

Strength: 320 (dragonic form) 80 (human form)

Average [Lesser] Sapphire dragon (100 years old)

Magic: 5 (dragonic form)

Strength: 80 (dragonic form)

Lailena (the new archmage)

Magic: 150 (basic)

Strength: 6 (basic) 75 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 6 (awake) 6 (sleeping)

Bowel: 6 (awake) 6 (sleeping)

Statistical info:

If the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

If the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the bowel can go down to a maximum of -3!

If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks!

