Just a fantasy world..

Author: Asuna.bed.wet.

*016*2020-01-05 11:16

Sorry for the calligraphy but the whole text is written in my native language (Italian) and has been subsequently translated into English with Google Translate.

The story was written for me so to satisfy my fetishes, don't read it if you don't want, Thanks !

Chapter 9, the first fight:

Fredegunde, Chloe and Alice were in the tub and had been bathing for almost an hour, the water had not cooled down because Fredegunde had used the magic several times to heat it, he was having a lot of fun in the water, releasing the bladder slowly, not to to make it clear that it was getting lighter in the water where the girls were washing, Chloe had to pee too, but she could restrain herself by simply crossing her legs.

Alice instead had to be discouraged, but she didn't want to do it in the water because it would have been too obvious.

(Fredegunde): Alice, so can you make us an adventurer? I wish we would join the guild today, what do you say?

(Alice): for me there is no problem ... I have to inform you that to become an adventurer, you have to pass a test of physical strength and one of destruction magic, I assure you that they are not at all easy to do, both should not I have problems with magic I think ... but physical strength is essential for walking whole days and carrying a bag ...

(Alice'mind '): I can't stand it anymore, I have to get her out ...

~ fluurrrrppt ~

~ bbbllrllrbbt ~

Suddenly there was a sound and bubbles appeared around Alice that burst on the surface.

(Chloe): you ... do you have any chance?

(Alice): I'm sorry ... I couldn't resist ...

(Chloe): hehehe, it doesn't matter, it doesn't bother me.

Alice was blushing, Chloe was grinning and Fredegunde was trying to smell the sclreggia without making it obvious.

Shortly afterwards, three o'clock came out of the tub, Fredegunde gave Chloe her new clothes and put the old ones in her ultra-dimensional warehouse, after which she would masturbate and sniff Chloe's dirty panties.

Meanwhile Fredegunde was using a cleansing and perfuming spell, because he felt guilty for having freed his bladder in the water.

(Chloe): I think it's time to eat something ...

(Alice): let's go to the guild branch in town and eat some fried food at the stalls, I love it!

(Fredegunde): I agree, now let's get dressed.

Fredegunde put on white cotton panties, a blue petticoat, blue stockings, a long dark blue dress with some embroidery suitable for a sorceress and black ankle boots.

Chloe wore pink panties, white pants and a gray shirt with black shoes, in short, ideal clothes for combat, since she wanted to look like a simple warrior.

Alice put on her black lingerie and put on her light armor.

(Fredegunde): are we ready to go?

(Alice): I'm ready, let's hurry that I'm hungry!

(Chloe): I'm ready too.

(Chloe'mind '): I have to go to the bathroom ... I hope there is a normal magic bath in the guild, I don't want to go to a chamber pot ...

The three girls came out of the inn and began to go to the city, while they walked, however, Fredegunde perceived 2 presences that preached her, at first she pretended nothing, but after a while she telepathically communicated the situation to the others without making them scared too much, when they passed in the middle of a darker and narrower path, 2 arrows sanctified at very high speed were fired at the heads of Chloe and Fredegunde, but were easily intercepted by the magic barrier of the archmage and fell to the ground.

Alice and Chloe ancge if they had been warned they jumped out of fear, Chloe also felt a familiar warmth in her panties and a dribble of urine slightly stained her white pants making the pink panties slightly visible for transparency.

A tall, intimidating woman with a fairy on her shoulder showed herself.

(Helen): I seem to have underestimated demons!

(Fredegunde): demons? Will it be the work of the Duchess? Who is this woman? It was too quick to find us!

(Fredegunde): I don't know who you are, but I'm not a demon and neither are my companions, I hope we won't have to fight, if you try to hurt us, I won't refrain from seriously injuring you or killing you!

(Helen): Do you think she's not prepared for demons? You are evil beings who can only tell lies, if you do not try not to be one of them I will not rest until your head is attached to your neck!

A dark glow was released by helen and a nefarious aura could now be felt in the air.

(Fredegunde): Chloe! Alice! Run away, this woman is strong ...

~ psshhh ~

~ pssssssss ~

The murderous intent was frighteningly strong, enough to make Chloe and Alice get slightly wet and they immediately ran towards the city.

As soon as Helen saw that the two women were fleeing, she snapped with her sword drawn in their direction, but Fredegunde threw a thunderbolt that temporarily paralyzed Helen, unfortunately even the little Sybilla was struck and even if she had an almost empty bladder she lost a little urine by moistening her shoulder of the bounty hunter, who as soon as she noticed it immediately put a hand between her legs, but unfortunately she could not hold back and a jet of 2 seconds wet her panties.

Fredegunde who saw Helen's expression and her hand smiled broadly.

(Fredegunde): Looks like someone is about to have an accident!

Helen blushed slightly and felt even more hatred of Fredegunde.

(Helen'mind '): fuck this stupid fairy!

(Sybille): I'm sorry, that lightning made me totally lose ...

(Helen): princess doesn't matter, but now get off my shoulder and wait for me to finish the fight safely on a tree, demon! Now I'll let you experience what fear is!

Helen rushed towards Fredegunde, and with her sword she cut horizontally, also cutting down 2 trees, however Fredegunde had managed to dodge and move up thanks to the magic of flight.

But Helen wasted no time, jumped up and with a swing cut Fredegunde's long skirt in half with her legs open at the time and exposing her blue panties, Fredegunde was not injured but a terror made her shiver down her spine and released a good part of the now full bladder and some slightly wet fart, the urine also splashed in the face of Helen who had now landed and had a beautiful view of Fredegunde's panties.

~ ppsshhrt ~

~ pssssssssshhh ~

~ rrrllbt ~

~ splash ~

(Helen): fuck you demon! Bitch! Don't piss in my face, you're disgusting!

Fredegunde blushed slightly but was too scared to think about her accidents.

(Fredegunde'mind '): this woman has a lot more fighting experience than me!

Fredegunde did not have much experience of fighting against other people but Helen had had many fights and risking her life, she had developed many strategies against wizards and knew how to deal with them.

(Helen): a demon rarely gets wet ... do you happen to have any disease? Or are you just a little girl?

Fredegunde blushed

(Fredegunde): I'm not a demon! And I have no disease, I got wet because you almost killed me!

Fredegunde was now flying in the air higher than the trees and not remembering that Helen was also an arch-archer

(Helen'mind '): I must take her by surprise!

Helen threw a fireball, but Fredegunde was not frightened in the least given the little power that the sphere emanated, then she raised a simple magic barrier, Helen then with a lightning movement pulled out the bow and fired dozens of sanctified arrows on the barrier of Fredegunde, Fredegunde was taken by surprise, an arrow passed through the barrier and hit her on the shoulder, in surprise and pain Fredegunde released the rest of the bladder warming the panties that dripped on the ground.

Fredegunde immediately began to further strengthen the barrier and heal his shoulder, but suddenly Helen threw a smoke bomb, took some knives and started throwing them at the position of Fredegunde, the knives were stopped by the barrier, then a disproportionate amount of arrows began to hit the barrier of Fredegunde, who cast a spell to sweep away the smoke, but Helen was no longer there, she had jumped over the top of the trees ancge thanks to the magic and now yes he was higher than the archmage, swooping down on her with his sword drawn and ready to kill, Fredegunde didn't realize it until he saw the sword one step away from his face.

(Helen'mind '): I won!

Fredegunde stopped time and moved quickly with the magic of flight.

Helen kept moving for less than a second and then stopped in midair, thanks to her great physical abilities she could understand that she was in a state of inability to move but did not understand well what was happening around her.

~ Frrrtt ~

~ Flrrrt ~

~ Pruush ~

~ Pfffftt ~

~ Pssssssssshhh ~

Due to the fear and the effects of the blockage of time Fredegunde released her bowels and bladder, she had ruined a new pair of panties but she didn't care much, and since she was now more peaceful but still full of adrenaline, thinking about the small loss of the woman who she had almost killed her and even with the sagging load that was dripping from her panties, she got very excited, she didn't like it very much when she was messing on her, but this time she didn't care.

Fredegunde took off his underpants and emptied them thoroughly, then cleaned them, dried them and perfumed them, they were still visibly dirty but the smell could not be felt and then inserted them in the ultra-dimensional warehouse.

Then an idea came to her, she brought herself back to earth and the bounty hunter, with a powerful magic, made Helen fall asleep and later made the passage of time go, put Helen lying down, put on the magic panties nicknamed cursed panties she had bought in the morning at a stall for 2 gold coins and now he wanted to test them, he put them on and a grin crept into her face, immediately understood how to use them, went to the woman and touched her, then completely released the urine in her bladder, but she did not feel any sensation of humidity on her pussy, instead after a few seconds Helen lost control, getting wet, you could feel the flow of the pee while a huge puddle of urine was forming around her lower back, it almost reached her head because the ground Once saturated, he was unable to absorb Helen's bladder.

Helen's bladder was filled by Fredegunde's bladder thanks to the effect of the cursed panties probably created by some pervert, the panties did not simply empty the bladder and the bowels of one person to another, but multiplied the amount of pee 10 times the original one and of poop or gas 3 times the initial one, as contraindications they had only that if physical contact between the two people was lost while emptying one or both ends of the one who wore the cursed panties, this would have become incontinent for at least a week and even afterwards he would have permanently had a very weak bladder or bowel (depending on the type of release stopped), however Fredegunde was unaware of this.

(Fredegunde'mind '): only 2 gold coins ... this item is worth a fortune ...

After Fredegunde went to the bounty hunter, removed her urine-smelling armor, took off her pants and showed off her panties, had the gusset completely wet for the accident before, Fredegunde got excited and started to smell the Helen's urine, then grabbed the bounty hunter's wet panties and with all her might gave her a good shot, then she realized the situation and that what she was doing would not prevent the bounty hunter from killing her, then she decided to overwrite her memories of the last few hours, making her believe she killed Princess Chloe and the archmage Fredegunde after a hard fight.

Then Fredegunde cast destruction spells in the area around to make Helen's false memories credible and eventually the archmage left leaving Helen half naked in her urine, forgetting the presence of the fairy there.

As she walked, Fredegunde felt a little guilty, because she believed that the bounty hunter was a strong and not evil warrior and that therefore he had given her an unworthy treatment, but when she thought that she wanted to kill Chloe and herself, she decided that if he deserved it and that next time he would ascertain whether or not the attacker was a demon.

(Fredegunde'mind '): there was little lack ... I underestimated her, she was very good in the fight, I hope that next time she won't have to resort to the time block ...

Meanwhile Sybille who had seen everything, tried to wake Helen but in vain, she wasn't very nice, but she didn't want to let her sleep in that state, she also had the impression that she would pee and did not want Helen to scold her again, but unfortunately the Fredegunde's magic was too strong to be canceled by Sybille's and therefore the fairy surrendered and decided to lie down on a branch while waiting for her partner to awaken.

Fredegunde joined Chloe and Alice at the entrance to the city, both of them wearing wet trousers, they must have been very scared of the bounty hunter.

(Fredegunde): girls, we don't have time to eat, sorry but now we have to become an adventurer and travel to another city, we can't stay long, Alice! I ask you to help us for now and then if you want you can separate from us, I don't want to force you to stay in your group .... after all that bounty hunter is looking for us and not you!

(Alice): I want to stay with you, you are now my friends!

(Chloe): You don't have to do it! ... although I think I would be happy to stay by your side ...

Chloe and Alice blush

(Fredegunde): okay now let's go!

(Alice and Chloe): yes!

(Chloe): How did you get away from that scary woman anyway?

(Alice): what did he want from you anyway?

Fredegunde, who was now expecting this question, was about to tell a false version of their story, but Chloe spoke first.

(Chloe): I think if we stay by Alice's side, we'll have to tell her the truth!

(Fredegunde): I think ... okay, if you're sure about this ... I think we can trust her ...

Fredegunde and Chloe told what had happened in the past two days and Fredegunde explained how he had defeated Helen, omitting how he had fun with her.

(Alice): what happened to you is terrible ... I promise not to talk about it with anyone ... and wow, I was sure you were powerful but I couldn't imagine that you were the archmage and that I could teleport you, you are fantastic! And you Chloe ... sorry if I made fun of you first, I didn't know anything about what you went through and I didn't know you were the heir to the throne ...

(Fredegunde): thank you but I don't deserve your praise, I only acted for myself, Chloe is the only person I have left ...

(Chloe): the same for me ... I lied to you initially ... sorry ... and then ... don't call me princess or anything else, call me Chloe, we are adventure companions now!

(Alice): girls, thank you for trusting me, now let's do this test, I wait without being able to join the group!

(Fredegunde): ok let's go!

End of the ninth chapter.

Chapter 10: the exam:

As they reached the branch of the adventurers guild, Fredegunde gave cookies and dried meat to the others because they were hungry and then covered their wet pants with the magic of illusion, the skirt of Fredegunde's robe was cut in half, but she did not change , she was excited to walk in that condition, after the last events her shyness had almost vanished, she still wore the cursed panties and could not wait to find some unpleasant woman to embarrass.

(Alice): Here we are, we are in front of the guild building.

(Fredegunde): let's go inside.

The guild of this small town adopted the classic guild building scheme from around the world, was made up of 5 floors, 3 of them raised:

At the first there was the reception, the walls with the missions and the assignments that the adventurers could choose, there was a small shop with basic equipment and a room with sofas and tables, sitting at the tables there were always adventurers at talk or discuss assignments.

On the second floor there were the rooms intended for the upper class adventurers and on the third floor there was the office of the guild master and the interview room, which was rarely used.

And then there were the 2 underground floors:

On the first underground floor there was the interrogation room and the prison of the adventurers guild, on the second underground floor there was the guild deposit, with inside it magical objects, weapons and armor left by the adventurers or stolen from the criminals, these things were needed only in emergencies, finally there was the vault, intended for adventurers who preferred to keep their money safe by paying a simple fee, the vault was a deposit with a large amount of money, usually more than a thousand gold coins, the adventurers who had deposited their money could withdraw them thanks to their membership cards to the guild and in case of loss with a magical verification of their identity.

To enter, a two-door wooden door had to be entered, the first to enter was Alice, followed by Chloe and Fredegunde, as soon as all the adventurers entered, they observed the girls, commenting on their appearance, what they could be and speculating on the reason of their entry, Alice was accustomed to this behavior but Chloe and Fredegunde were not ready to receive all the looks and therefore they felt very anxious and upset, they went on looking at Alice's back.

(Alice): come on!

(Fredegunde and Chloe): yes!

(Adventurer): who are these people?

(Adventurer): probably aspired members ...

(Adventurer): in this case they happen badly ... today there is that person ...

(Adventurer): you mean the guild master?

(Adventurer): yes ... because of her I had to postpone my exam, it's too severe ...

(Adventurer): do you think they are beginners?

(Adventurer): I think so ...

(Adventurer): look at those girls, they are too young ... they look like two warriors, one seems novice but the other gives the idea of an expert ...

(Adventurer): you're right, looking at her well she seems strong, maybe even more than you!

(Adventurer): jokes right? She is only a child ... look at the third one instead, she has a small body and is short in stature, she doesn't have a stick but she is probably a sorceress ... but why does she have her skirt cut in that way?

(Adventurer): now that you point it out it's strange, will he have fought before coming here?

The girls walked to the reception

(Receptionist): hi, how can I assist you?

(Alice): hello, my friends wanted to try the admission test.

(Receptionist): ehmmm, do you know that today there is that person to perform the practical test of strength and attack magic?

(Alice): Really! Maybe it would be better to try tomorrow ... no we don't have time ... anyway I don't think we'll have problems, my friends are strong.

(Receptionist): okay, at your own risk, sit at that table, I will send you to call as soon as the test is ready.

(Alice): come girls, let's sit there.

(Fredegunde and Chloe): ok.

(Fredegunde): How long do you think it will take?

(Chloe): don't be in a hurry, big sister, after all you defeated that woman and her fairy and then erased her memory right?

(Fredegunde): yes you're right but I'm anxious anyway ... wait what did you say?

(Alice): she said that you have defeated that frightening woman and her fairy and that therefore we can be calm for now.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I completely forgot about that fairy!

(Fredegunde): girls, sorry but I think I made a mistake, I did nothing against the fairy, she disappeared and did not take part in the battle and therefore I completely forgot her, the sleep spell lasts a whole day but against that woman it could last less, maybe even half, we must leave the city quickly ...

(Chloe): big sister don't apologize, I too had forgotten about it until recently, also I believe that if that woman were to hang up on you you would definitely defeat her!

(Alice): Chloe is right, after all you are the archimage!

(Fredegunde): don't shout, we must preserve our identities!

(Alice): you're right, sorry!

(Chloe): while we wait can you give me some water sister?

(Fredegunde): ok!

Fredegunde took a glass from the ultra-dimensional warehouse, filled it with water with magic and handed it to Chloe.

(Chloe): thank you, I was thirsty.

(Alice'mind '): seeing Chloe drinking makes me feel slightly the need to go to the bathroom ... I also feel a little gas in the bowels, maybe I should release a little to ease the pressure ...

Alice wanted to pass the wind but was not sure, in the end she rejected the idea, she could have found a place suited to the act but the guild bathroom had a long tail since it was one of the few bathrooms in the city and she could not go to the outside because shortly thereafter her friends would be called and she wanted to assist them.

About ten minutes passed and the receptionist came to call the girls.

(Receptionist): the guild master is waiting for you in the courtyard!

(Alice): come on!

(Fredegunde and Chloe): yes!

~ pooft ~

As soon as they got up Alice farted accidentally and blushed slightly.

Fredegunde who noticed it smiled maliciously but said nothing.

(Alice): girls I have to warn you that the guild master is a severe woman, she will probably do everything to put you in difficulty, she was also my examiner and I finished the test with a lower score because ... because I got wet trousers...

Alice blushed slightly thinking about how she got wet, initially she didn't have to go but a few seconds later she was bursting, while sparring with the guild master, she probably realized that Alice had to go and hit her right in the bladder, causing her release.

Fredegunde smiled at the mention of Alice's accident, while Chloe was sorry for her friend.

(Chloe): poor Alice, I guess they made fun of you later ...

(Alice): no, nobody has seen me except the guild master.

The girls arrive in the courtyard, there were 2 free chairs and one occupied where the guild master sat.

The guild master was a woman who instilled fear and respect at first sight, she was probably twenty-five years old, had silvery hair and golden right eye, now she wore a black jacket and a short skirt, pantyhose and a pair of black boots, had a bandage on the left eye and two scars on the face, he had his legs crossed so that if you looked closely you could see the panties, Fredegunde noticed them and thought they looked similar to his damn panties, he thought it was a confidence.

(Guild master): good afternoon to all of you and best wishes for the exam, I am the guild master, but if you attract me in any way during the test I will allow you to call me Margaret, hello my little Alice, sorry but I would like to be alone with the likely new recruits.

(Alice): I'm going, see you later girls!

Alice blessed herself for her luck and ran to line up for the guild bathroom.

(Margaret): the first test is a test on your physical form, it is used to see if you are ready to carry loads during your travels and also to see if you can lift a companion in case of his injury or danger, so you just have to lift this backpack, easy isn't it?

The guild master took a backpack near her with her little finger and twirled it in the air and put it on the ground.

(Fredegunde'mind '): that backpack looks enchanted with a heaviness spell, I think I won't be able to lift it if I don't use magic ...

(Chloe): is it filled with weights? It looks light enough ...

(Margaret): who knows, why don't you try to lift it, you'll be the first, what's your name as a girl?

(Chloe): my name is Chloe, I hope to pass the exam and become an adventurer, also in the future I aspire to become a paladin!

(Margaret): oh, I'm glad you have clear ideas, I've known many champions in my life, and one of them had a monstrous strength, it's a pleasure to meet you Chloe.

Margaret gave her hand to Chloe, Chloe took it and at that moment, after the guild master smiled, Chloe instantly crossed her legs, she had felt her bladder filling up quickly and for this reason she felt the urge to stop, but she still didn't have to go bad.

(Margaret): oh poor girl, you have to go right? I'm sure you will finish the exam in time, now show me your strength and lift your backpack.

(Chloe'mind '): my need has suddenly increased, just like Alice said, will it simply be anxiety?

(Fredegunde'mind '): I wonder if this woman is not wearing just what I am wearing at the moment, it is interesting ... maybe she also bought them at a stall, or maybe she was the one who created them ... who knows how long you have had fun, I remember Alice said she had a sudden urge to pee, how I envy this woman!

It could also be a coincidence, after all Chloe drank while waiting to take the exam ...

Meanwhile Chloe had grabbed the handle of the backpack and lifted it with effort.

(Margaret): congratulations! It seems that you have passed the minimum requirements to become an adventurer, do you want to try lifting more weight?

(Chloe): no I think it's my current limit, I think I'll do better in the magic test

(Margaret): Okay, so come here and fire a destruction spell on that target.

Margaret pointed to a human-sized straw and terracotta puppet.

Chloe got into position ready to cast the spell, but before shooting the magic, she had to stop for a moment and cross her legs to hold back.

Margaret smiled again.

(Margaret'mind '): I thought she would get wet already ... she has a harder than expected bladder, it's exciting ...

(Margaret): courage let me see what you are capable of, shoot!

(Chloe) yes!

Chloe concentrated the magic power and threw a simple dart of fire, the very fast dart hit the puppet instantly, once hit, the puppet exploded and the dart continued its run up to the courtyard wall, where it burst igniting the lawn and leaving a mark of explosion on the wall.

Fredegunde was surprised, she knew that Chloe was strong but did not believe enough to draw such power from a basic magic.

(Fredegunde): you were very good Chloe!

(Chloe): thank you sister!

Margaret, on the other hand, was very amazed, she didn't expect a basic spell to be cast and when she saw it she started thinking that Chloe was weak with the magic contrary to what she had said, but when she saw the damage caused by a simple basic spell she started to sweating, she was slightly scared, but also worried to see that in the future that little girl would overcome her, obviously she did not know that Chloe was already more powerful then her, unfortunately however Chloe did not know the spells to prove this.

(Margaret): really good, I don't ask you for anything else, as a magical power you are beyond class B, you don't need to ask further questions or fight directly against you, now let's examine your friend and then I will personally recommend you as a person very talented and I will put you in class B!

(Chloe): thanks!

Chloe discreetly put her hand between her legs and sat down next to Fredegunde, then went to her ear and whispered:

(Chloe): sister quickly passes the exam that I really have to go to the bathroom!

Fredegunde got slowly excited, but then pulled herself together and thought that she didn't want Chloe to humiliate herself in public.

(Fredegunde): ok leave it to me, I'll end up in a flash!

Fredegunde decided to use the high level physical enhancement on herself, to do this she had to load the magic for about 10 seconds, she wanted to pass the practical test with flying colors.

(Margaret): you seem sure of yourself, arrogance won't take you far ... you look like a fragile sorceress, sure to be able to lift this backpack?

(Fredegunde): oh you don't have to worry, make your backpack as heavy as you want, I assure you that I won't have any problems lifting it!

Margaret felt slightly offended, now she wanted to teach the sorceress a lesson, she wanted to make her wet or dirty herself, but first she wanted to show that she didn't have to joke with the guild master.

(Margaret'mind '): she feels confident with her physical enhancement, which is naive!

Margaret used gravity manipulation to make the backpack more than a hundred times heavier.

(Margaret): Let's see what you're capable of!

Fredegunde grabbed the backpack and lifted it without the slightest effort, his feet faced the ground slightly, then the archmage used gravity control as the guild leader had done before, then he twirled the backpack as she did at the beginning and at the end he threw it into the air so high that it was no longer visible to the naked eye and after less than ten seconds of loading, he launched one of the strongest destructive spells he knew, the elemental ray, as the element he chose fire, suddenly a column of fire appeared in the sky, it was probably visible miles away.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I probably exaggerated ...

(Fredegunde): I apologize but I wanted to pass the test quickly, then? I finished?

(Chloe): wow sister ... one day you have to teach me that magic ...

Margaret was now upset, wondering who these people were brought to her by little Alice, now she really wanted to do something bad, she wanted to humiliate at least the sorceress who had destroyed her prejudices.

(Margaret): Well I think you are much above class A, I think that even with you I need to fight, congratulations, here the hand.

Margaret held out her hand to Fredegunde ready to have her in a wet and messy accident.

Fredegunde also understood previously the intentions of the guild master and wanted to find out what would have happened if both had emptied their bladder into the other's bladder by multiplying the urine ten times,thanks to the cursed panties.

The two shook hands and nothing happened, both tried to release both ends but nothing happened, they pushed harder but nothing happened, after about 2 minutes of handshake Chloe interrupted them.

(Chloe): er, you could stop doing ... whatever you're doing ... I have to go to the bathroom badly badly!

(Fredegunde and Margaret): silence please!

(Chloe): come on I'm going to lose!

Chloe felt a splash of urine dip her panties and make a small patch on the white pants, then she lost her temper and went to try to separate the two by force.

(Fredegunde and Margaret): noooo!

Both suddenly stopped the release but poor Chloe had received at least a second full release of 2 women.

Suddenly Chloe slumped to the ground and ...

~ pfffffflrrrrrch ~

~ pssssssssshhh ~

~ prrooorlt ~

~ pisssssss ~

Chloe started crying, she had felt pain in her bladder never before and was now on the ground with her panties and pants completely dirty and soaked.

Both Fredegunde and Margaret felt terribly guilty and took care of helping Chloe clean up and promising that they would never talk about what had happened to her.

While Chloe was cleaning and changing herself, Fredegunde and Meredith talked and the topic of cursed panties also came up, later the two made a great friendship given their common interests.

To Chloe, the two said that they were both casting a spell that would humiliate them and that however it had continuously canceled since they both used it until they received the touch of Chloe and did not mention the cursed panties.

After about half an hour, the guild master, Fredegunde and Chloe re-entered the guild, Alice who had arrived in the bathroom in time was waiting for them, to apologize the guild master assigned in addition to Fredegunde, Chloe also a place in class A, adventurers of all the guild looked at the girls with looks of envy, but they didn't dare go against the decisions of the guild master.

(Margaret): I understand that you are in a hurry, I advise you to go east, there should be a village where strong adventurers are needed, it is an ideal place both to earn money and train in combat.

(Fredegunde): I think we will follow your advice, now let's talk that the sun is going to set, we should be entitled to some equipment to sleep outdoors right?

(Margaret): certainly.

Fredegunde put the items in the ultra-dimensional warehouse.

(Margaret): I wish you a good trip!

(Chloe): Thanks, never use that spell on anyone again!

(Alice): goodbye guild master.

(Fredegunde): Hi hello, I hope that one day we will meet again!

(Margaret): of course we will meet again, greetings and good trip!

(Chloe + Alice + Fredegunde): Goodbye!

The girls left the city.

Meanwhile in the woods Helen had not yet woken up and Sibille had made her wet several times in her sleep.

End of the tenth chapter!

This time I separated a chapter in two to get to chapter 10 and then to the second "volume" sensibly

World statistics:

Average adult fairy (70 years old):

Magic: 20

Strength: 1

Bladder: 5

Bowel: 5

Average demon:

Magic: 25

Strength: 50

Bladder: 16

Bowel: 16

Average adult elf (100 years old):

Magic: 40

Strength: 10

Bladder: 4

Bowel: 4

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Chloe (Chlothsinda, A rank adventuress):

Magic: 200

Strength: 15 (basic) 70 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 8 (awake) 0 (sleeping)

Bowel: 8 (when awake) 8 (sleeping)

Fredegunde (the perverted A rank adventuress):

Magic: 320

Strength: 5(basic) 140 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 10(awake) 1(sleeping)

Bowel: 4(awake) 4 (sleeping)

Alice (B rank adventuress):

Magic: 0

Strength: 50

Bladder: 5(awake) 5(sleeping)

Bowel: 7(awake) 7(sleeping)

Helen (bounty hunter):

Magic: 35

Strength: 150(basic) 160(high magical boost)

Bladder: 22(awake) 16(sleeping)

Bowel: 20(awake) 14(sleeping)

Sybille (fairy princess):

Magic: 40

Strength: 1(basic) 2(high magical boost)

Bladder: 1(awake) -4(sleeping)

Bowel: 8(awake) 5(sleeping)

Margaret (Guild master,creator of the cursed panties)

Magic: 160

Strength: 100(basic) 120(high magical boost)

Bladder: 8(awake) 3(sleeping)

Bowel: 6(awake) 7(sleeping)

Statistical info:

If the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

If the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

Strength (basic) means without magic upgrade!

If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks!

*018*2020-01-11 23:25

Sorry for the wait!

Translated with Google Translate from Italian, enjoy the reading!

Volume 2 chapter 1, the wood elf:

Fredegunde, Chloe and Alice had left the town and were now heading east towards a village where they could earn money and train, they were on the paved path used by the carriages, it was going to be night but Alice continued to insist on going ahead on the pathway.

(Alice): girls, we keep walking, we have nothing to fear, the path is a safe area, I know the way because I have done it several times by solar and now I have 2 class A wizards with me, nothing can stop us .

(Chloe): I'm hungry!

(Fredegunde): I too am starting to get hungry, after all it is dinner time, I have the spare rations and the necessary to make one in the camp so it is useless to continue further!

(Alice): okay, but I thought you would be able to take a few more steps, if you want to camp, not on the road, it is made for those who, unlike you, want to go on.

(Fredegunde): where do you want to camp then?

(Alice): we will camp at least 100 meters (328 ft) away from the road!

(Chloe): why so far away? There is no point in going so far! We will only be subject to enemy attacks!

(Alice): well I want to be alone in the woods when I have to pee and I don't want to get too far from the tent, so either use some magic to make a bathroom appear or you go to the woods!

Alice looked at Fredegunde with sweet eyes hoping that she would take a bath to lighten up.

(Fredegunde): I'm not going to please a capricious little girl, however I also want my privacy and therefore I agree on going to the woods to pitch the tent.

In reality Fredegunde wanted to masturbate thinking about all the accidents she had witnessed, she was excited and she wanted to release the stress at all costs.

Chloe was the only one who wanted to stay near the road, it was her first night in the open and she was very afraid of the creatures she had read were in the woods, especially of demons and werewolves, obviously even insects terrified her.

(Chloe): So we camp in the woods?

(Fredegunde + Alice): yes!

(Chloe): ... okay ...

(Alice): are you afraid baby Chloe? Don't worry I'll protect you!

(Chloe): Thanks Alice but I'll be fine.

The girls left the road and continued until a strange red symbol painted on a tree, ignored it and passed on, after a while they stopped and finally camped.

With the help of Fredegunde and his magic and with Alice's knowledge, in a short time they had set up the tent, lit the fire and arranged the trunks to sit around it, began to eat, drink and chat happily.

(Alice): So does Chloe wet the bed often?

(Fredegunde): from what he told me it would seem so ...

Chloe blushed intensely

(Chloe): big sister, you too wet the bed and you ...

Chloe stopped before further embarrassing Fredegunde.

(Fredegunde): It only happened because I had to drink a lot of potions to save you!

Fredegunde lied.

(Chloe): you're right sorry ...

(Alice): I don't believe it, did you really wet the bed? hahahahahaha and you should be an adult sorceress ahahahahaha ... sorry ...

Alice could not help laughing at the image of the archimage who was bathing herself but then she realized that she was exaggerating and gave herself a demeanor, to then realize a wet sensation around her pussy, she had lost a direct click in the her panties, nobody could notice, however Alice felt embarrassed and blushed accordingly.

(Fredegunde): Are you kidding me? Just you who peed in the tub where we bathed and who passed the gas in the guild of adventurers

Alice blushed again.

(Alice): Chloe allowed me and anyway how do you know? When I made it you were not present ...

(Fredegunde): Well after all I'm a sorceress, and I won't reveal my tricks to a little girl!

(Fredegunde'mind '): I was actually simply invisible at the time.

(Chloe): okay girls, just talk about accidents, I don't want to think about it today!

(Fredegunde + Alice) ok ...

After talking about other topics, the girls started to feel cold and then they went to the tent, undressed remaining alone in underwear and entered the sleeping bags, as soon as she felt the sensation of softness around herself, Chloe fell asleep.

(Alice): then which of us will be on guard first?

(Fredegunde): I'll take care of it, don't worry.

(Alice): ok but when you are sleepy wake up that I will take your place.

(Fredegunde): okay, goodnight!

After a few minutes Alice fell asleep.

(Fredegunde'mind '): I can finally have fun!

Fredegunde immediately launched the magic of sleep on Alice and Chloe, checking the temperature he wrapped himself with a blanket of heated air, put on his clothes and then came out of the tent and created a strong magic barrier that would keep out almost any being, also if the barrier was hit, Fredegunde would have known and could have stopped what he was doing to go back.

After making the necessary preparations, Fredegunde used the magic of flight and went to find a place to touch herself full of pleasure without anyone seeing or hearing her.

After almost half an hour she found a cliff that she liked, dissolved the flying magic, stripped naked also removing the cursed panties and then took a pair of Chloe's heavily yellowed panties, initially she began to rub herself thinking about the accidents and sniffing the panties of Chloe then decided to insert the panties into her femininity which, being wet with a sweet sticky liquid, in turn moistened the panties.

The archmage began to pinch her clitoris moaning in pure excitement, eventually forced her bladder to empty completely, further drenching Chloe's dirty panties, at that moment she felt that she was about to come, she wanted to enjoy her orgasm to the maximum and then I begin to rub her throbbing pussy violently with her urine-soaked panties, when she reached the climax she thought she was at the peak of pleasure and burst directly into Chloe's panties releasing even a small fart now being completely relaxed.

~ frrrrt ~

After about 3 minutes Fredegunde recovered, his forehead was sweaty and still breathing heavily, it was certainly one of his best orgasms, he decided however that he still had not enough and then after a while he started masturbating again.

Meanwhile, near the camp ...

(Elf of the woods'mind '): who is who entered my territory without my permission? Anyone who has been deserves punishment, however the magic barrier they made is really strong, if I were not a genius in the creation of potions I could never break it, even with my strongest potions I can only scratch it slowly, probably if I only touch it , I will trigger some alarms, I have to prepare a top-level potion and destroy the barrier with one shot and without anyone noticing, after all if someone makes a barrier so thick, I don't think he is worried about any attacks ...

Adallinda he was an elf of the woods, he was 80 years old which for an elf meant having just come of age, light blue eyes and amber hair, he always wore green clothes, panties, skirt, socks, sweater and shoes, green was his favorite color, for her choice lived alone in the woods terrifying adventurers thanks to her ability to compose potions, she was really good, she didn't trust anyone, especially the humans who hated more than demons because they had destroyed and burned her village, killing her father and imprisoning her mother, she preferred demons to humans but did not kill them for this, she was a good-hearted alpha even if she liked to believe otherwise.

While Fredegunde continues his masturbation sessions, the elf had prepared the potion, used very rare ingredients to make it and probably will never find similar rarity again, but the price of his honor to defend the territory was higher than that of some very rare ingredients he hoped at least to steal from invaders of valuables.

The wood elf spilled the potion right on the barrier, which disappeared instantly.

(Adallinda'mind '): well, I have to be careful not to wake anyone up.

The elf arrived near the tent where the girls slept deeply, the elf in order to avoid waking up anyone who was in the tent, decided to overthrow an ampoule of sleeping pill capable of sleeping a mountain troll for at least half a day and after 5 minutes she put on a mask so as not to breathe the sleeping pill and entered the tent, Alice and Chloe slept with their mouths open in their sleeping bags.

(Adallinda'mind ') how is it possible ... there are only human girls ... they could not have made that barrier for them, it is certainly a trap, even if these two seem defenseless currently and also I see an empty sleeping bag ... with whom are these two girls traveling ...

I think I should have some fun with them so maybe next time they won't stop to sleep in my area.

The wood elf approached Alice, took a dangerous looking bottle with [little fun use, too much deadly use] written on it, then opened the cap, taking care not to inhale even a little of that thing, then put it under the Alice's nose and waited.

In her dreams Alice was stocking up on a wealthy merchant but suddenly they were attacked by bandits, Alice was fighting when suddenly she felt a sudden urge to pee, so she decided to get serious and knock out all the bandits faster that he could, and in the end, after the merchant's thanks, he apologized for the bathroom, couldn't stand it any longer, crouched, lifted his skirt, put his panties aside and released all the urine he had inside while making a satisfied face.

Even in the real world Alice made an expression of total bliss and a hissing sound that could be heard, seemed to come from her sleeping bag.

~ hisssssssssssssss ~

(Adallinda'mind '): good girl! It was faster than expected, now it's up to the other.

But while Adallinda with a grin on her face approached little Chloe ...

~ pssssssssshhh ~

~ hissssssssssssssssssssss ~

Even Chloe had emptied her bladder because of the dream, but she was having a nightmare in fact unlike Alice she had a suffering face.

(Adallinda'mind '): here someone had to go really ... unexpected ... but ok, I think I enjoyed it enough, I don't want to go any further, I'm just little girls ...

Maybe the third one is the leader of the group, maybe it's her fault that these little girls are alone in my territory, I think this person deserves a lesson!

Adallinda snickers, first decided to leave a surprise to the person who would enter the third sleeping bag, undressed completely and went naked into the sleeping bag, once inside she released her bladder.

~ hissssssssss ~

It didn't have to go so the flow didn't last long, but just long enough to leave a nice wet spot on Fredegunde's sleeping bag.

Satisfied Adallinda went out, dried herself with the soft pillow of the sleeping bag and satisfied left the tent, she would have liked to see the reaction of whoever was the owner of the sleeping bag and also of the girls the next morning, but she was afraid of who had thrown a similar barrier and then ran away to his house in the trunk of a large tree, he wanted to wake up early the next morning to go and see the face of his third invader.

Fredegunde after coming for the sixth time was tired and wanted to go back to the tent and sleep, got rid of Chloe's unrecoverable panties hoping that she wouldn't remember, cleaned herself with the cleaning spell and got dressed, returned to flight at camp and did not even realize that his barrier was gone, entered the tent smelled a strong smell of urine, thought that Chloe had an accident and got a little excited but was too sleepy, he went into his sack to fur with all the long dress with the skirt still cut in half and without panties, did not notice the joke of the alpha and fell asleep instantly as soon as he rested his head on the pillow.

At dawn the elf woke up, had to pee, went outside, took off his green underpants and released his bladder, then changed his clothes, putting on a green blouse, green panties, green skirt, green socks, then went sneaking at the girls' camp, curious to see their reaction but when he got there he saw a bear next to the tent, he didn't want to help humans but he felt guilty for using the sleeping pill, then he took an ampoule and prepared to throw it, but before he could throw it lightning struck the bear that fell to the ground charred.

(Fredegunde'mind '): it's strange ... I thought I had created a barrier ... I don't think this hour managed to break it, then if it hit it I would have noticed ... what a mystery .. . well, luckily it was only a bear!

I got wet while I was sleeping ... I have to change before the girls wake up.

Fredegunde came out of the tent still with her yesterday's dress, undressed completely showing that she didn't have panties on, then took a dress like the one she had before from the ultra-dimensional warehouse, only purple and a little more elaborate and some linen intimate purple put the old clothes in the warehouse, took the sleeping bag from the tent and put it to dry on a tree next to it, did not use magic because he believed he was too dependent on it.

(Adallinda'mind '): that is the third person therefore, the lightning that launched was quite powerful, certain that his clothes were really soaked ... I think that in addition to my little joke she pissed on herself also, hehehe who knows what kind of people they are, they are all women, will they be merchants?

That woman used a filing spell which if I'm not mistaken is very advanced magic ...

Fredegunde had sat on a log and was drinking water while eating a cream biscuit bought the day before, only thinking back to the day before she blushed deeply.

After eating he recreated the barrier just for safety and went back to the tent deciding to try to sleep a little more since he was sleepy.

The elf saw Fredegunde cast a spell but did not understand what she did so she remained quiet and went back to waiting for the other girls to come out because she wanted to see the effects of her trick, but the girls had received over the Fredegunde spell also her potion of sleep and therefore slept soundly.

(Adallinda'mind '): almost an hour has passed, these humans are just sleepyheads ... I got tired of waiting, I will go back to my house, I hope they will leave my broken territory!

Adallinda took a few steps before colliding against the Fredegunde flag, it was like hitting a wall.

(Adallinda): it hurts!

(Adallinda'mind '): I don't believe it, that spell was another magic barrier ... now as I do, I'm stuck and I can't break it in one fell swoop, if breaking it slowly the human would probably notice it. .. I have no other choice, I can't allow myself to be trapped in my own territory!

Adallinda took more ampoules and emptied them on the magic barrier, unfortunately it did not have the effect she hoped for, the barrier did not dissipate as easily as the first time.

(Adallinda'mind '): damned sorceress! Now how can I do? Well there is no evidence that it was I who made those girls wet, I just have to say I was trapped in here by mistake ... but how annoying, it is humiliating that she was locked up in my own territory ... I should take revenge!

Adallinda went to the girls' tent again, threw again a vial of sleeping liquid and then went inside.

(Fredegunde): who are you and what do you think you're doing?

~ brrr ~

Fredegunde as soon as he saw the sleeping vial crashing at the entrance of the tent he promptly sealed it in an air bubble, preventing the sleeping pill from taking effect.

At Fredegunde's words, the elf was frightened and released a fart not expecting anyone to stop his stealth attack.

(Adallinda'mind '): it didn't take, I was discovered!

Without saying a word, Adallinda ran away.

(Fredegunde): where do you think you're going?

Fredegunde used a spell to sprout vines from the ground that bound the elf, Adallinda was trying to take vials from the bag but the vines held her still.

(Adallinda): set me free! This is my territory, free me otherwise you will pay me!

(Fredegunde): I don't care! You can't enter our tent and throw strange potions!

Explain to me what you thought you were doing and after you have calmed down maybe I will free you!

(Adallinda): I don't owe you any explanation, free me immediately human!

(Fredegunde): do I have to investigate with magic? I assure you that if I see that you had bad intentions you will not get away easily!

(Adallinda'mind '): it's bad, if she finds out that I wanted to poop her and if she also finds out my joke tonight she could hurt me, she is a powerful sorceress I have no hope of running away, I don't have to let her discover anything!

(Adallinda): okay, I'll confess! Don't get into my head please!

(Fredegunde): so we reason, then tell me why you threw that potion and what you wanted to do.

Fredegunde had the vines withdrawn, freeing Adallinda.

(Adallinda): my name is Adallinda and this is my territory, it is written everywhere, there are elven runes on every tree.

I just wanted to fall asleep and make you have a bad dream to make you go away, I wasn't going to hurt you, moreover you locked me in this magic barrier!

They had never humiliated me in this way ... an elf of the woods closed in a magical barrier made by strangers within its territory ... recognize your faults!

Also how can you leave little girls alone in a tent at night!

(Fredegunde): how did you say?

(Adallinda'mind '): heck, I cheated on myself!

(Fredegunde): So you broke my barrier tonight? And also without realizing it ... you're dangerous!

Fredegunde rewound Adallinda's body with lianas

(Fredegunde'mind '): I have to read her mind, I don't care about her privacy, I have to find out who this elf is and what she really wanted to do.

(Adallinda'mind '): my life is over ... if this sorceress finds out that I pissed on her bed and that I was about to have her and her friends have a messy accident, she will kill me.

Fredegunde read Adallinda's mind and smiled maliciously.

(Fredegunde): I found out what your intentions were, I have to admit that I wasn't expecting something ... similar ... now I think you deserve punishment!

(Adallinda'mind '): what will happen to me now?

(Adallinda) what do you mean by ... punishment?

Will you spare my life?

(Fredegunde): why should I kill you? The only dangerous thing you did was to destroy the barrier without thinking about the consequences, I liked all the rest of what you did ... however I will punish you anyway, first I have to make sure that the my friends don't disturb us for at least an hour.

Fredegunde intensified Chloe and Alice's sleep, then began to undress, Adallinda tried to look away but could not help looking at Fredegunde.

(Fredegunde): do you like what you see?

Fredegunde said now naked.

(Adallinda'mind '): yes! A lot!

(Adallinda): Could you get dressed? It embarrasses me to see your human body naked!

Adallinda had never seen a naked human, neither a man nor a woman, she was getting excited, her femininity was wet and she was blushing slightly while looking at Fredegunde's breasts and pussy.

(Fredegunde): even if it embarrasses you, you can't take your eyes off it?

(Adallinda) ...

(Fredegunde): you seem to like having others have an accident in their pants, let's see if you also like to get wet against your will!

(Adallinda): what do you mean? I don't understand ... what do you want to do to me?

Fredegunde put on her cursed panties and drank a magically created diuretic strong, then went to Adallinda, raised the front of her skirt, exposing her green panties.

(Adallinda): what do you want to do to me? This behavior is not allowed!

(Adallinda'mind '): I really wouldn't mind masturbating now, if this woman did I would feel satisfied, is this her punishment? And why did you change your panties?

Adallinda had never had sex with elves because she hadn't seen any in the last thirty years or with humans because she hated them, but Adallinda was convinced that she only liked women, she had nothing against men but she had always dreamed of a romantic relationship with a woman and now Fredegunde was really attracting her.

Fredegunde didn't want to go too far, but now she was getting excited too.

Suddenly, however, he doubled over and put a hand between his legs and tried to restrain himself by jumping on the spot.

(Fredegunde'mind '): the diuretic is beginning to take effect ...

(Adallinda): are you okay? Maybe you have to go and water the plants?

(Fredegunde): no, what about you?

(Adallinda): why do you ask me?

(Fredegunde): just to know ...

Fredegunde decided to start having fun, he was enjoying himself and he still didn't want to let go, however he really wanted to see the elf writhing too so he slowly approached her with a smile on his lips and a mischievous twinkle in his eyes, he put his hand under her skirt and began to rise to her femininity which touched gently, then went up again to her bladder, a moment before it was almost empty and 10 seconds later she was about to burst, Fredegunde had let herself go in the cursed panties.

To which Adallinda started, emitting a sweet cry and unable to restrain herself, she lost a spray that made her green panties wet making Fredegunde notice that she smiled smugly.

(Fredegunde): I thought you didn't need to go ...

(Adallinda): what have you done to me as a witch?

(Fredegunde): the same thing you did with my friend, I will make you wet on your own.

(Adallinda): I lost a little just by surprise, it won't happen again!

Fredegunde saw that Adallinda was trying to cross her legs, and then with the screws she made the elf fear more tightly.

(Fredegunde): I will not allow you to hold back, a wet future awaits you, sooner or later you will have to piss whether you want it or not, it is only a matter of time.

(Adallinda'mind '): if he were to reuse that magic I could completely lose control, I must admit that it is quite pleasant, the wet feeling in the panties tickles my pussy and the full bladder makes me feel excited, it seems that this woman too has to piss , it is an almost orgasmic sensation.

Fredegunde was again feeling the effects of the diuretic, she was excited and this helped her to restrain herself, she wanted to make the elf get wet and then laugh at her, so she decided to add difficulty to the alpha's keeping.

The archimage approached and lifted her skirt, her panties had not suffered further damage, Fredegunde was a little disappointed and fascinated by the elf, then decided to make Adalinda get up in a lying position, exploded her belly giving a hit also to the her breast and then looked at her abdomen, there was a slight swelling, her bladder was full but the elf was holding back even if a little trembling.

(Fredegunde'mind '): she is so pretty!

(Adallinda): what do you want to do to me now?

(Fredegunde): since I see you have to go I will help you let go, however if you knew that I will not let you go until you get wet then you could give in immediately, for this I promise you that if you do not get completely wet in the next 10 minutes I will let you go .

(Adallinda): how do I know you're not lying?

(Fredegunde): I swear on my name, that of Fredegunde the archimage!

(Adallinda'mind '): archimage! Wow, it could be a bluff, but if it were the archmage maybe this could be a meeting decided by fate ...

(Adallinda): I think you are lying but I want to trust! In any case, I have no other choice.

(Fredegunde): well, I'm happy, but I assure you that I will make you lose my dear little elf.

(Adallinda): what do you mean?

(Fredegunde): Well I will tickle you, try not to miss ...

Fredegunde decided to bear the pressure of the bladder with Adallinda, she didn't want to use her panties to make her lose, she really wanted to have fun.

She reached the elf on her side and began to caress the swelling of the bladder, putting more and more pressure.

(Adallinda'mind '): I feel like I'm about to burst, it's so pleasant though!

(Fredegunde): You seem to like it ...

(Adallinda): mmmhhhh ahhhhhh

(Fredegunde'mind '): I didn't expect it to be pleasant...

Fredegunde then decided to try another stratagem, continued to gently caress Adallinda's bladder and when she least expected it she let loose by tickling her on both armpits and then on her thighs.

(Adallinda): ahahahahahaha, stop !I'm going to wet myself!, Ahahaha, PleaseStopIt!

Adallinda was trying to restrain herself but could not move because of the lianas that held her still.

~ psshhh ~

(Adallinda): no she's going out, I'm peeing!

~ pssssssssshhh ~

(Adallinda): No!

~ pssssssssshhh ~

Fredegunde's eyes shone, she smiled mischievously and put one hand on her bladder feeling it deflate and one on her panties, feeling the heat of the flow, Fredegunde also got wet but with a different type of liquid.

(Adallinda'mind '): what a humiliation for an elf like me! But it was really fantastic ...

(Adallinda): are you satisfied now?

Fredegunde smiled

(Fredegunde): in all honesty... no.

Fredegunde with his bladder now full decided to put his hand right on the empty bladder of the alpha, and slowly indulged in the pleasure of urinating directly into the cute little elf in front of him.

(Fredegunde): aaah.

(Adallinda): what?

Adallinda felt it fill up very quickly and Fredegunde felt the bladder become fuller and harder with her hand, this thought and the feeling of relaxation almost made her cum, for excessive relaxation she also released a fart that went into the bowels of Adalinda to be released immediately, this excited the archmage even more.

After about another ten seconds, the poor alpha bladder and his tired muscles produced a strong jet that went to soak skirt and panties.

~ psssssssssssassshhh ~

As soon as she saw him with the other hand, Fredegunde began to touch herself and before the elf's flow ended she cum in the cursed panties.

(Adallinda): aaaah what a wonderful feeling, you really made me feel good, thank you archimage!

(Fredegunde): I really enjoyed it, thanks to you for everything you made me do.

(Adallinda): did I have any other choice?

(Fredegunde): hehe I think so, but you didn't try to free yourself ... why?

(Adallinda): well both because I understood you were a powerful sorceress and because I liked what you were doing ...

Fredegunde and Adallinda blushed slightly

(Fredegunde): then elf now how about a good drying?

(Adallinda): call me Adallinda ...

(Fredegunde): ok Adallinda, if you want you can also call me Fredegunde ...

(Adallinda): ok, so if you don't mind, could you open a passage in the barrier that I have to go change?

(Fredegunde): okay, can i go with you? I'm curious to see where an elf from the woods lives ...

(Adallinda): I believe that all the wood elves live in a tree ... okay, I'll make you come to my house and if you want I'll prepare you a hot tea ... while you tell me what the archmage is doing here in the forest .

(Fredegunde): I don't mind, okay let's go.

Fredegunde and Adallinda made their way to the elf's house, arrived under an apparently thousand-year-old oak tree, the trunk was wider than an average house of ordinary people and gave off a magical aura.

(Adallinda): around my house there is a magic barrier that allows access only to me, to enter you have to drink a potion, okay?

(Fredegunde): yes, I would like to see the inside of your home ...

Adallinda had lied, the barrier prevented access only to demons and monsters, the potion that made Fredegunde drink was a laxative that took a long time to act, after all he wanted to avenge himself and also felt a certain attraction for the archmage, he wanted to see it desperate, a legend handed down for centuries among the elves spoke of a meeting between an elf and a woman who held the role of archimage, a meeting that was part of the beginning of some events that would change the world, was however a legend.

Adallinda scattered a silvery dust on the base of the tree and a crack appeared in the bark, the two entered and Fredegunde was amazed by the beauty of the interior of the tree, on the first floor there was a room with a table, chairs and carpets, all surrounded by shelves full of books, on the second floor there was the pantry with food and ingredients for the potions, the ingredients were really many and of all kinds, on the third floor it was full of potions, there were at least three thousand ampoules and full vials, on the fourth floor there was a circular window that shed light on the whole house, under the window there was a golden desk and a huge bed, on the sides of them there were wardrobes and shelves, all floors were connected from a ladder to

(Fredegunde): this place is amazing!

(Adallinda): thank you, after all I have been living there for many years, it has been my home since humans attacked my village and killed everyone I loved!

Adallinda thought about what humans did to her and began to regret bringing Fredegunde to her home.

(Adallinda'mind '): this person is a human, after all I shouldn't trust humans ...

(Fredegunde): I understand what you mean, I also once had a place called home, but one day I was taken away by demons, if I had been braver I probably would have been able to defend me and my family, but I could not find courage and in one day I lost everything I cared about ...

(Adallinda): wow, I didn't think I had an experience similar to mine, sorry if I had to remind you ... sorry ...

(Fredegunde): don't worry, after the demons attack a woman whom I considered almost like a mother saved me, and now I travel with her daughter to help her escape and one day return to her place as a legitimate future empress!

(Adallinda): is one of the two girls in the tent the future empress?

(Fredegunde): yes, her name is Chloe and I consider her as a younger sister.

The two sat down and had a long chat over hot tea and eating biscuits.

Volume 2 chapter 2, the awakening of the soul eater:

[In the woods near the sleeping bear inn]

Helen had regained consciousness and Sybille had told her what had happened, Helen was furious, disappointed in herself for not having thought about the possibility of a block of time, and very angry at those who had left her in that state and that had altered her memories, now she and the fairy Sybille were headed to the village in search of a change of clothes, magical objects capable of contrasting mind control and blocking of time and information on the position of the alleged demons.

(Helen'mind '): I can't believe I was humiliated in this way ... I was stupid, I underestimated my opponent's ability, next time it will be different!

(Sybille): I'm peeing!

~ pssssssssshhh ~

(Helen): I don't care so much now these clothes are unrecoverable ...

The fairy and the huntress went directly to the guild palace.

(Helen): I want to talk to the guild master!

(Receptionist): sorry but I can't help you, the guild master has explicitly said that she doesn't want to be disturbed, please come back later and with clean clothes!

One of the strongest adventurers present there decided to go and hunt the woman who caused problems

(Adventurer): Exactly, the girl is right, you should leave, you stink of piss and you are not an adventurer, what gives you the right to enter here screaming? You're just a little girl who can't keep your pants dry!

Not a second passed, the man who had said this to the bounty hunter was hit with a strong kick and made to fly against the wall shaking the whole building.

(All): wow! Who is this???

(Adventurer): we better get out ...

(Adventurer): yes, we will come back later!

(Adventurer): we don't want trouble ...

(Receptionist): please don't be angry, I'll call you the guild master immediately!

(Helen): hurry up otherwise I shave the guild to the ground and take what I need on my own!

(Receptionist): I go immediately!

The receptionist ran to the guild master's room and entered without knocking.

(Receptionist): excuse me madam guild master but there is a problem downstairs!

The guild master was recently asleep and now she had been awakened, she was surely irritated.

(Margaret): Is the problem so bad that it disturbs my sleep?

(Receptionist): A woman kicked a class A swordsman adventurer!

(Margaret): I understand, leave it to me.

Margaret went down to the first floor

(Margaret): what do you want woman?

(Margaret'mind '): she looks strong, travels with a fairy and uses both the bow and the sword, I don't know if she is able to beat her, she certainly cannot defeat me and everyone present in the guild, but surely it is better to avoid to fight ... anyway it really smells like stale piss ... it could have a fetish similar to mine or it had bad days ...

(Helen'mind '): this woman is strong, I could win with difficulty against her, better try to reason ...

The two women, both with high combat experience, quickly greeted those in front of them.

(Helen): hi guild master, I would like to withdraw 50 gold coins and some objects from the guild deposit, here is my card.

Helen took out the adventurer's card, it was written the amount of money she had put in the adventurers bank (1280 gold coins), the adventurer class (S class) and other data.

(Margaret'mind '): an S-class adventurer ...

(Margaret): you are an adventurer so ... I didn't think you were, this changes the matter, I will be happy to give you what you want after the magical identification.

(Helen): I am a bounty hunter, I entered the adventurers only for the advantages they give and to take advantage of the adventurers bank, go ahead with the identification, I have nothing to hide!

(Margaret): I understand, just follow me outside.

(Helen): we can also stay here to perform my identification, I have no time to waste, I am chasing people with a bounty on my head.

(Margaret): I'll be the one to perform the magic identification, come outside and let's talk.

The two went out and Margaret cast the authentication magic on Helen's card who passed the test.

(Margaret): well, what do you need besides money?

(Helen): I would like high-end equipment not found in stores, high-level enchanted clothes and an object that can even temporarily counteract the time control.

(Margaret): hahahahah, do you seriously think I can give you such items? The best I can give you is a ring to fight the time control for 5 seconds a day and sell you non-enchanted spare clothes, however if you want that ring you have to accept a sword fight with me as an opponent.

(Helen): in case you lose?

(Margaret): you could say hi bye to your ring!

(Helen): What if you win?

(Margaret): I will give you the ring and also some boots that allow you to jump higher and that give a good magical defense.

(Helen): I accept!

(Margaret): I'm happy, get ready!

(Sybille): be careful, this woman exudes a magical aura stronger than mine and your unity ...

(Helen): you try not to pee, I don't want to make this woman frighten me!

Margaret and Helen distanced themselves

(Margaret): go!

(Helen): I will make you regret having challenged me!

The two stood still for 3 seconds and then snapped at the same time against each other, the sword strokes were invisible to a normal person, every time they collided the air vibrated and the ground shook, however it was obvious to both that the huntress had the upper hand.

(Margaret'mind ') is too strong, I have to use physical enhancement otherwise I will lose in no time ...

(Helen'mind '): this woman is strong, but she is not at my level, I am not even using half of my skills, I have to be careful of her magic but only with the sword will it be an easy victory ...

Margaret used magic for physical enhancement as much as she could, however the huntress did not seem in the least annoyed and Margaret began to be sure of her defeat.

(Magaret'mind '): I have to use a sneaky trick to turn the situation around!

The guild master was wearing the cursed panties, decided to try to give the huntress a little difficulty.

Margaret struck Helen's sword with all her might, making her arm tremble slightly, then threw the sword on the ground and jumped on Helen trying to hold her still with one arm and the other pretending to choke her.

(Helen): hey, this is incorrect!

Margaret paid no attention to Helen's words and concentrated on the complete release of bowels and bladders in the bounty hunter.

(Helen'mind '): I could easily free myself but I will make this trickster woman believe that I managed to get in trouble and then hit her with all my strength and make her piss on me with fear and pain ... however I feel my needs grow very quickly ... that it is an effect of this strange grip of yours?

Margaret had just gone to the bathroom and was completely released, all she managed to expel were 10 seconds of release between gas and urine, nothing that could disturb Helen's enormous capacity.

At a certain point a little disappointed by the guild master, the bounty hunter freed herself with very fluid movements from Margaret's grip and gave her a powerful punch directly into the bowels.

~ pffft ~

Margaret would have pissed and pulled off after such a surprising blow, but it was totally empty so she only let out a soft fart that Helen could hear but that still left her disappointed.

(Margaret'mind '): I was unable to make her have an accident and also I had never received a similar blow from a human ... I think she is not an opponent within my reach ...

(Margaret): I give up! You have won, I will give you what you ask for free!

(Helen): Thanks but I don't want charity, I will pay for all the items, moreover, it was a good duel, it surprises me that he is still standing after that punch without even having had an accident.

The two women and the fairy returned to the guild and after some discussions Helen got rid of her really dirty clothes and put on her new equipment:

As clothes, she had immaculate white linen, black leather pants, white shirt with a chain mail of mithril (light metal with shine and silver color and extreme hardness).

As weapons, she had the magic bow which, drawn by her, could throw arrows from a mile away, a new two-handed sword in old dragon bones with elemental attributes and explosive throwing knives.

As special magic items he had the countermeasure ring at the time stop, magic gloves, magic boots and a bag tied to the belt enchanted with the spell of ultra-dimensional warehouse limited for water, food, potions, money and some spare clothes.

Finally Helen said goodbye to the guild master and left the guild satisfied with the result and above all with her new ring and clean trousers.

(Sybilla): you should have asked about your goals ...

(Helen): you're right! I forgot ...

(Sybilla): don't worry, I know a clairvoyance spell that can show me where there is a life form that I have previously seen, it can show me where it was up to 2 hours before its last position, unfortunately it is a spell advanced and to use it I must use all my magic power and all my physical and mental concentration, if it suits you then I used it immediately.

(Helen): I didn't think you had such a capacity, you surprised me, as soon as we leave the city use it and tell me exactly the direction where to go, whatever is in the way I will cut it with my sword or I will climb over it with my boots, let's go!

The fairy and the woman left the town.

(Sybilla): well, now I'm going!

Sybilla got off Helen's shoulder and flew to the ground, then cast the spell, suddenly a blue smoke enveloped the fairy and she could see a circle in the distance with her eyes, it was the position that Fredegunde had 2 hours before or the position of the tent where Chloe and Alice were.

Unfortunately, the spell was too heavy for the fairy who fell to her knees and released her bladder from the excessive effort.

(Sybille): sorry Helen ... I'm peeing ...

(Helen): no!

Helen ran behind the nearest tree and in a lightning motion lowered her pants but started to pee and wet her panties before she managed to pull them to the side.

~ psssssssssssssshhh ~

(Helen'mind '): I almost made it ... my poor new panties ...

Helen pulled up her pants ignoring the feeling of humidity.

(Helen): okay, guide me to those demons!

(Sybille): yes!

Helen with Sybille on her shoulder started to run faster than a panther, slaloming among the trees and cutting some with the new sword just to try it and jumping on the rocks with her new boots just to try them on.

It would reach the barrier in a few minutes.

[3 hours before in the deepest underground of the imperial palace of the capital]

The duchess had been contaminated by a dark power, this had happened after the end of the war, the duchess was left alone with her daughters, her husband had died and her luxurious home would have been sold because of her debts, leaving her and her daughters without a home, however she managed to enter the palace by giving a nobleman her home and taking on the role of court woman, the duchess was a beautiful woman and when the emperor saw her walking in her palace he was attracted to it, she later managed to seduce him by relying on his grief over the alleged death of his wives, the heroine who had actually saved the country by killing the entire army of high-ranking demons and the last demon king.

After marrying the emperor, the Duchess was attracted by a sinister power that during a night attracted her into the maze of the castle, there were the crypts where only a small circle of people could enter, in the darkest part of the crypt it was sealed the body of the original demon queen, the demon empress Eisheth, was originally an angel who despite having become a fallen angel had still retained her kindness, but one day for some reason she obtained a power capable of absorbing a god inside herself and after having absorbed a large number of gods and souls, she was nicknamed the devourer of souls and conquered with the army she generated almost the whole world becoming a being similar to a demon but with an immeasurable power, thanks to the union of some characters.

However, it had been sealed but still every thousand years she managed to generate a new king of demons who had the task of freeing her, but this usually succeeded only to arrive near the position of Eisheth before being killed by the heroes of that particular historical period, the demon empress waited more than 10,000 years for someone to release her, and the last demon king was the most powerful had never perceived, however Katherine, Chloe's mother managed to stop him without even bringing him closer to the palace, this and another reason linked to the legend made Eisheth go in a state of fury, increasing her powers momentarily, this allowed her to enter the soul of a person who was suffering and who wanted power, or the duchess herself when she entered the palace, later the part of Eisheth grew in her soul, corrupting her and leading the duchess to desire only power for herself same.

The next day that Fredegunde ran away with Chloe, at 5 am, the soul of the Duchess became completely dark and her desire for power pushed her into the depths of the crypt, guided by Eisheth's voice and promises.

(Duchess'mind '): once freed the supreme Eisheth will give me what I want, the empire will be mine and my resurrected husband! My daughters will be able to embrace their father again and live a happy life! I will have eternal youth and I will be able to use magic without magic wands!

The Duchess walked to the Adamantium door that separated Eisheth's body from the outside world as she thought about the promises the soul eater had made to her.

Once in front of the door, the Duchess took three vials and a crystal ball from a bag, put the crystal ball in a slot in the door, then emptied the 3 vials containing the blood of 3 descendants of gods and with a magic wand opened the door, a cold wind opened the thick and heavy door and a sinister voice was heard in the ears of those present.

(Eisheth): You have been good, my chosen one! Now finish your work and I will be happy to be rewarded!

(Duchess): thank you, what should I do to free you?

(Eisheth): come closer.

The Duchess climbed onto a pedestal with a dark sphere on it that seemed to suck up every form of light and goodness.

(Duchess): so okay?

(Eisheth): yes, perfect, now drink the fourth vial and scream my name!

(Duchess): Eisheth!

A cold wind and dark sounds greeted the Duchess.

(Eisheth): Thank you my elect! You served me very well, now you can die!

The Duchess could not say anything, she collapsed on the ground and was sucked into the dark sphere, an explosion shook the palace waking up anyone who was sleeping in the area.

(???): all according to plan, sorry duchess but you could not be saved, now the end finally begins!

Whatever comes out of that sphere must be killed and I will kill it!

Small dark fire lapilli began to emerge from the sphere and slowly the sphere itself began to change taking the shape of a female figure, it was 1.80 meters (5.9 ft) tall and had a thin figure with very white skin, it was wrapped 2 thick and wrinkled horns were supported by a dark sheet and its black crown.

The figure floated in the air and noticed another presence in the room, he had not seen it before because it did not have a sufficiently high power.

(Eisheth): Who are you?

The person in the room revealed himself

(???): hi my dear soul eater, I introduce myself, I am a paladin, my name is Katherine!

The fight started, it was the most intense battle in the last 12000 years, continuous teleports, total block of time, rewriting of reality itself, a clash between light and darkness, an indescribable battle in words, at the end of it, the paladin was on the ground , without an arm and dripping with blood, his wounds were instantly cured by magic but the cuts reappeared immediately afterwards, the one who had made them was truly on another level, a being much stronger than a God.

(Eisheth): to be a human you are really too powerful, strong as a goddess, maybe even a little more, but for me you are worth nothing! Now die!

(Katherine'mind '): I tried to defeat her but it was never my job to kill her, but I still wanted to try ...

(Katherine): I won't let you take over the world now or ever!

Katherine with all the forces left to her launched herself against Eisheth, teleported to the deepest area of the demonic territory, there the clash continued for another few seconds, Katherine, after casting a spell with Chloe as subject, sacrificed herself, and giving his soul to the higher deities momentarily gained power to seal the power of Eisheth.

(Katherine): take this bitch, one day my daughter will kill you!

Katherine began to shine with light and a golden sword with divine shine was formed in her hands, with it she cut into pieces the spiritual form of Eisheth, and after that Chloe's mother vanished, perhaps definitively ...

(Eisheth): bastard! You fooled me, it's only a matter of time though ... as soon as I find power again I will transform the world into scorched earth ... meanwhile I will form an army!

At this time Eisheth was at the height of vulnerability, but every day she would become stronger and in the future she would dominate the world and perhaps the universe.

[In the tent in the woods]

Chloe was sleeping, she was having a nightmare and as usual there was her mother during a battle, this time, however, she did not die of old age but was fighting against a being in the eyes of Chloe and also from those of her mother, invincible in the end of the fight her mother did not die, she simply dissolved and after Chloe she found herself in an empty but completely white and bright place, with her was her mother.

(Katherine): my dear daughter, this is probably a farewell, I don't have much time, I just wanted to explain to you what you will meet, you must know that after I died of old age, I rose thanks to a divine intervention and after I was told the truth, or that the legend is true, and you my dear Chloe are the protagonist and your task assigned by destiny is to kill Eisheth, I have been given the mission to inform you of your destiny and to give you the power that resides in me and that is inherited from generation to generation, thanks to this power, you will be able to use magic in a completely different way and you will have the strength to cut a mountain, however only if you train and learn to master all the techniques that I I know, I wanted to teach you but I could not ...

I wasted my life trying to kill it myself, but after all I knew I would fail and I would die anyway after giving you this message, now my daughter, goodbye!

Katherine cried in the dream but smiled as she disappeared and Chloe awoke with a start.

~ hisssssssssssss ~

Chlo was getting wet because of the dream, he didn't think what he had dreamed was true but then he looked on his hand, there was a ring, it was the ring that his mother had always worn, then he thought about her and cried.

In his mind there was the image of Eisheth that he had seen in the dream, he felt anger towards him and desire to kill her.

After a while he calmed down and decided to get out of the sleeping bag soaked to the point of losing, he spread it on a tree with his pink underwear and then went back to the tent naked while thinking about his dream.

Alice slept drenched in her sleeping bag.

Meanwhile the bounty hunter had come out of the barrier.

(Helen): good Sybille, this barrier separates me from those demons, I have to break it and then I can kill them!

Helen with her sword pierced Fredegunde's magic barrier which began to shatter, then drew her sword and swung it away with a swing.

He entered the area where the barrier was and saw a tent, pounced on the tent and was about to cut it, but Chloe had heard the steps understood that whatever it was had broken the barrier and was probably going to kill her together with Alice, so she went out .

(Chloe): stop please!

(Helen'mind '): why is there a naked girl? Ah down is a demon!

(Helen): silence! Filthy demon I will kill you!

(Chloe): mom protect me!

Chloe unwittingly activated the mother's ring and Katherine's armor materialized on her daughter, Helen's sword could only slide against equipment of that level.

~ braaaprt ~

In fear Chloe let out a dry fart in his armor.

(Helen'mind '): what is this armor that gives off an air of divinity ??? Definitely not a demon!

(Alice): what was it girls? ... what are you doing?

Alice had woken up due to the sound of the impact of Helen's sword on Chloe's armor.

[10 minutes before at Adallinda's house]

(Adallinda): Fredegunde, even if I know you recently I think I love you!

Adallinda's face turned red and immediately afterwards that of Fredegunde.

(Fredegunde) ... I didn't expect such a thing ... but I think I like you too ...

(Adallinda): really? I'm so happy! Thanks for loving me!

(Fredegunde): oh thank you!

The two kissed first shyly and then passionately launched into a long and deep kiss.

(Adallinda): I have decided, I will follow you on your journey, let me take my bags, go to the bathroom and I'm ready!

Adallinda returned shortly after with a backpack probably with an ultra-dimensional storage spell and the two came out of the tree and went to the girls' tent, while walking as Fredegunde sensed the barrier that was falling apart.

(Fredegunde'mind '): Chloe! Alice!

(Fredegunde): come Adallinda!

Fredegunde cast a flight spell on herself and the wood elf, flying at high speed towards the tent.

From above she saw the huntress of the previous day with a huge sword in her hand and Chloe in front of her wearing the armor of a woman whom she considered her mother.

(Fredegunde'mind '): that armor ... what does that mean?

Fredegunde and Adallinda descended from the sky and landed around the bounty hunter.

(Sybille + Helen'mind '): who are all these people?

(Fredegunde): bounty hunter, if you hurt someone present, I will send you the pains of hell!

(Helen'mind '): they might not be demons now that I think about it ... that armor ... it can't be that of a demon, it can't even be an illusion, it exudes an aura of sanctity too high ...

(Helen): are you all demons?

(Sybille): if you are not demons my friend will no longer have hostile intentions!

(Chloe): we are not demons!

(Fredegunde): How do you think of such a thing? whatever the duchess has told you is false!

(Sybille): they are probably telling the truth, I am not able to say it with certainty but I do not detect any form of evil magic ...

(Alice): my friends are not demons!

(Adallinda): I'm sure Fredegunde isn't a demon!

(Helen): I'm wrong I'm sorry!

Helen apologized for 2 minutes bowing and begging for forgiveness, leaving the girls dumbfounded on what to do, eventually forgave her and Chloe and Fredegunde told her their story.

(Helen): girls, I know you will probably not accept but I would like to join your group, I am strong enough, I can help you to know the truth and to defeat the Duchess and her army!

(Fredegunde): for me there are no problems, you don't dislike me, what do you think Chloe?

(Chloe): looks like a good person ... okay for me, Alice what do you think?

Alice who was drenched all night in her sleeping bag and who now smelled badly of urine came out of the tent with her head and spoke.

(Alice): that woman scares me ... made me wet my panties ...

(Helen): I'm so sorry ...

(Helen'mind '): however from this point of view you have already had your revenge ...

Helen thought about the accidents she has had lately.

(Alice): okay, I will forgive you and allow you to join us only if you release your bladder in the next 10 seconds ... ten ... nine ... eight ... seven ...

Helen was amazed by this particular request but did not hold back.

~ psssshhh ~

A stream of urine soaked the bounty hunter's white panties and lightly filled her magic boots.

(Sybille): Helen! I didn't think you accepted, you made me wet!

Alice was amazed by Helen's choice, Sybille told of her curse, Fredegunde and Adallinda were excited about the curse and thinking about the current state of Helen's panties.

(Fredegunde): Chloe, now that we're a group and we can rest easy, why do you have your mother's armor?

(Chloe): ...

Chloe later told of her dream by first making all the girls present sad and sad.

(Helen): wow, so the world as we know it could end?

(Fredegunde): Chloe I'm sorry for your mother, one day we will avenge her, first we have to get stronger!

(Adallinda'mind '): it seems that the events of the legend are beginning ...

(Alice): okay girls, she made herself lunch time, how about eating something and going to the village that Margaret recommended us? Let's think about the present now, however painful or uncertain the future may seem, together we will be able to overcome the difficulties that will arise before us!

(Fredegunde): I agree, let's go!

(All): yes!

The girls prepared, ate and headed for the village.

End of the twelfth chapter.

World statistics:

Average adult fairy (70 years old):

Magic: 20

Strength: 1

Bladder: 5

Bowel: 5

Average demon:

Magic: 25

Strength: 50

Bladder: 16

Bowel: 16

Average adult elf (100 years old):

Magic: 40

Strength: 10

Bladder: 4

Bowel: 4

Average adult human (25 years old):

Magic: 1

Strength: 10

Bladder: 8

Bowel: 8

Eisheth (demon empress and souls eater)

During the battle against Katherine:

Magic: 1000+

Strength: 1000+

Bladder: ???

Bowel: ???

After the seal:

Magic: 0

Strength: ???

Bladder: ???

Bowel: ???

Chloe (Chlothsinda, A rank adventuress):

Magic: 200 (normally) ??? (with ultra-divine equipment)

Strength: [normally: 200 (basic) 250 (high magical boost)]

Strength with ultra-divine equipment: ???

Bladder: 10 (awake) 0 (sleeping)

Bowel: 10 (awake) 10 (sleeping)

Katherine (EX stronger human and Chloe's mother)

Magic in the battle against Eisheth: 1000+

Strength in the battle against Eisheth: 1000+

Bladder: ???

Bowel: ???

Fredegunde (the perverted A rank adventuress):

Magic: 320

Strength: 5 (basic) 140 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 10 (awake) 1 (sleeping)

Bowel: 4 (awake) 4 (sleeping)

Alice (B rank adventuress):

Magic: 0

Strength: 50

Bladder: 5 (awake) 5 (sleeping)

Bowel: 7 (awake) 7 (sleeping)

Adallinda (the wood elf)

Magic: 12

Strength: 12

Bladder: 7 (awake) 8 (sleeping)

Bowel: 6 (awake) 7 (sleeping)

Helen (bounty hunter):

Magic: 35

Strength: 150 (basic) 160 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 22 (awake) 16 (sleeping)

Bowel: 20 (awake) 14 (sleeping)

Sybille (fairy princess):

Magic: 40

Strength: 1 (basic) 2 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 1 (awake) -4 (sleeping)

Bowel: 8 (awake) 5 (sleeping)

Margaret (Guild master, creator of the cursed panties)

Magic: 160

Strength: 100 (basic) 120 (high magical boost)

Bladder: 8 (awake) 3 (sleeping)

Bowel: 6 (awake) 7 (sleeping)

Statistical info:

If the bladder is at 1 as a statistic it means that you are completely incontinent, the values can drop below zero in case of spells or curses!

If the bowel is at 3 then the persomage will flow easily and often, the intestine can go down to a maximum of -3!

I apologize for any writing errors or possible plot holes!

If you find words of non-colloquial use please let me know thanks

*020*2020-01-18 14:43

{{On 12/26/2019 at 8:50 PM, Asuna.bed.wet. said:

Sorry but I posted by mistake ...

}}

