Desperate on Stage

Author: Ariose Toast

*000*2019-05-29 00:24

“How’d you guys like that last one?” Sarah shouted into the mic. The crowd immediately burst into applause. This was the biggest gig her all-female punk rock band had played yet, and it had been going perfectly. They had always been known for their shows being a little over-the-top, and the big crowd had been loving it.

They launched into their next song, as Sarah fed off the energy of the crowd. The appearances of her band members perfectly complemented their style. Sarah with her pink hair and tattoos. Their guitarist, Violet, had long, dark black hair, creating a ghostly contrast with her pale skin. Julia, a redhead, couldn’t have looked more like a drummer. And their bassist was a petite, shy brunette who went by the stage name Orchid. Their onstage antics drove the crowd crazy, and Sarah was loving every minute of it! As the song came to a close, the crowd gave off another huge burst of noise.

Before they could start the next song, Sarah noticed Violet nervously trying to get her attention out of the corner of her eye.

“Sarah?”

“What’s up?”

“…can we take a break soon?” Violet whispered. Sarah thought that was a strange thing to ask. They had never had an intermission or anything at any of their other concerts. Why now?

Seeing Sarah’s confused expression, Violet added, “I really have to fucking piss, like right now.” Looking down, Sarah noticed her guitarist standing with her thighs pressed together ever so slightly, just subtle enough to not be noticed from the crowd. Sarah knew that normally Violet would be the type of person to just suck it up, so it must have really been an emergency. Apparently overhearing their conversation, their drummer Julia added, “I’ve had to go since like our second song, … I thought I could hold it…but it’s gotten really bad” as her legs bounced up and down from behind her kit.

Sarah hadn’t noticed it before, thanks to the adrenaline coursing through her, but sure enough, as she checked in with her own bladder, she felt a surprisingly strong urge down there as well. She glanced over at their bassist Orchid, who simply bit her lip and crossed her legs in agreement.

Earlier that day, they had all downed a couple beers to calm their nerves before such a huge show. Maybe in hindsight, that hadn’t been such a good idea. Especially since, in their anticipation, none of them had even thought to use the bathroom before they were stuck on stage for 2 whole hours.

What was she going to do? This was the largest show they ever played! They had worked so hard to build up all this energy in the crowd, and they’d lose it all if they took even a quick break. But they were only halfway through their setlist. Sarah thought she might be able to make it, but her bandmates seemed much worse off.

Sarah soon realized that the applause had died down and the crowd was waiting expectantly for the next song to begin. She had to make a decision. Fuck it, she thought. They were going to take this in stride.

“Man, I’m realllly wishing they installed a toilet up here just about now,” joked into the mic, playfully holding her crotch. That got a chuckle from the crowd. “In fact, I think all four of us do – poor Jules has been back there holding it for an hour!” The crowd cheered, apparently considering that some sort of accomplishment. Or maybe they were just drunk. Either way, Sarah continued, her confidence building. “But we’re not gonna let that stop us!” The crowd cheered again, louder this time.

Reading the situation perfectly, Violet burst into the starting riff of their next song. Singing on a full bladder was difficult, but Sarah, as well as the rest of her band, continued to perform as well as ever. The song after was very frantic and high tempo, which was perfect for the girls’ desperate states, and they performed it better than ever. Everything was going surprisingly well, and Sarah almost forgot about her bladder again.

But it couldn’t last forever. After they hit the last note of the song, Sarah heard Julia moan “oh fuck,” from behind her. Fearing the worst, she turned around to see Julia bent over her drums, rapidly soaking her shorts as a puddle grew underneath her. Fortunately, most of it the damage was hidden behind her drum kit, but the crowd noticed anyways, cheering loudly as the drummer sighed in relief. Even though she had just embarrassed herself in front of thousands, she still looked a lot more comfortable than a few minutes ago when she was desperate to pee.

Sarah wasn’t surprised Jules was the first to lose it. She was always the first person to ask for a pit stop whenever they were on long trips in their tour van. But now the question was, who was next?

It only took a few more songs to find out. Violet was in the middle of a particularly intense guitar solo when she started to lose her rhythm. It was only a few seconds later that she lost control of her bladder as well. She was wearing a skirt, so the pee shot straight onto the stage through her panties, perfect for the entire crowd to see. Violet didn’t seem to care though. She openly moaned, reaching under her skirt to feel herself, as the pee continued to form a puddle. The crowd cheered even louder, clearly enjoying the show.

Now it was just between her and Orchid. The crowd almost seemed tense, as if they were anticipating who would win this twisted competition. Personally, Sarah was worried. Her desperation had advanced much faster than she had expected. She was pacing the stage in between songs, doing everything she could to not publicly hold herself in front of thousands. Orchid on the other hand, had an incredible bladder, despite her petite stature. While Sarah made sure to pee every time they stopped the tour van on a road trip, Orchid seemed to only go when she felt the urge. She never asked to stop, either. If she ever did have the urge, she just waited until someone else (usually Jules) announced they had to go. But then again, Orchid was a lot smaller, and those beers must be hitting her hard right now. Sarah soon caught herself, realizing thinking about it wasn’t going to help. It’s not like it mattered who “won” anyways.

It only took a few more songs to find out, though. Halfway through a song, Sarah heard the crowd erupt again. She looked over to see Orchid, her legs spread, a stream of piss splitting straight down the middle. Despite losing control over her bladder, Orchid somehow maintained complete composure, managing to execute a very complex bass line while soaking the floor beneath her. The only other sign of her intense relief she gave off was a subtle lip bite.

As Orchid finally emptied herself, Sarah remained the final holdout. But it was far from over for her. Her bladder was urging her to just let go. Singing at the same time only made it harder. With every deep breath in, her bladder protested. She lost a few lyrics here and there, giving up on her dignity and openly holding herself whenever a wave of desperation hit. There were only 20 minutes or so left in their set, but with the dam threatening to break at any second, that would feel like an eternity.

As Sarah squirmed on stage, she found something strangely arousing about being this close to losing control in front of so many people. All eyes were on her as she openly struggled to control one of her most private needs, and it sent a thrill through her.

It helped distract her for a few songs, but soon all she could think about was running off the stage to find a toilet, and how good it would feel to let go. Thinking about it was a mistake though, and halfway through a song, she finally lost control. Before she could even think, she moaned right into the mic for everyone to hear. She collapsed onto her knees, both hands buried in her crotch. The crowd picked up the lyrics perfectly as Sarah lay helpless, pee rapidly soaking her skinny jeans. Sarah couldn’t believe how good it felt to finally let go. It was almost as good as an orgasm, and the look of ecstasy on her face reflected just that. The song ended just as Sarah’s stream died down, and the crowd gave an unbelievable roar.

Sarah slowly got up, ignoring the warm wetness in her jeans. She was immensely turned on by the whole incident, but they still had to finish the show.

“You guys ready for one last song?” she shouted. The crowd exploded one more time.

As they finished, the crowd gave them a huge ovation, the lights went down, and they made their way off the stage.

###

As they walked together backstage, Sarah was trying to think of a way to apologize for everything that just happened. Sure, the show turned out great, but she felt bad for denying her bandmates a simple toilet break. But she was soon distracted by Julia bouncing up and down with her hand in her crotch. As soon as she saw Sarah eyeing her, she blurted, “That beer goes right through me, okay? I had to go again as soon as Violet went. Watching the rest of you soak yourselves sure didn’t help either!”

As she ran off to find a place to pee, Orchid shyly piped up, “So … are we gonna do that again? That was kinda fun…”

