Grace's Disastrous Date

Author: Anonymus123

*000*2023-11-04 23:06

Well pretty people, this story could be considered a spin-off or a sequel, I don't know, to the interactive story "Grace's Disastrous Potions". So, I'll leave you with the story.

###

It had been a few weeks since the Grace incident. The witch had decided to take a walk around the city and clear her mind. As she walked, a voice certainly familiar called out to her and turned to the caller, seeing a redhead leaning against a shop door frame.

— Hi, cutie — The redhead greeted her—. How are you? You haven't had any other incidents, have you? —She asked in a joking tone.

Grace's face turned red with embarrassment, and she tried to leave quickly, but Kathy stopped her.

— Hey, sorry, bad joke. But seriously, how are you?

— I'm fine, thanks for asking.

— Hey, um, do you have something to do in the afternoon?

— No, why?

— I wanted to ask you out.

— Like friends?

— No, like a date... you know... I think you are very pretty, and I would like to get to know you better.

Grace thought a little about Kathy's proposal. She wasn't going to deny that Kathy was beautiful, but she still felt embarrassed because the last time she saw her, she'd shit on herself in front of Kathy. But she also didn't want Kathy to remember her forever as "the girl who shitted on herself in her store."

— Well, I suppose I can accept. Anyway, I don't have anything better to do.

— That's great. Go get ready if you want, and I'll see you here.

— Sure.

Grace hurried home to get ready. She was a little nervous, but she would try to hide it as best she could.

She wore a white floral print dress with straps, the dress sat above the knee; along with white sandals.

After finishing of dress, Grace grabbed a handbag and put away her wallet, ID, her keys, her cellphone and a small hand mirror. Before leaving, she recalled that for the past few days she had been a little sick to her stomach, and the last thing she wanted was to have a bout of diarrhea in the middle of the date. So she searched through her drawers for an antidiarrheal. However, she couldn't find any, and remembered that the last one he had taken the day before.

All Grace could do was pray that her stomach wouldn't give her trouble on the date. Although she remembered and when she went to the bathroom in the morning, she felt fine. So she hoped to stay that way for the rest of the afternoon.

She hurried to the store, and when she arrived she saw Kathy coming out of the store. The redhead was wearing a red blouse, a black jacket, ripped black jeans, and boots.

— And remember, don't say anything to Mom or Dad —Kathy said.

Grace walked over to Kathy, immediately the redhead gave her a hug and put her arm around her waist.

— You look very beautiful, cutie.

— Thanks, you look pretty too.

— Come on, there's a nice place I want you to know.

Kathy took Grace's hand to guide her, while Grace let herself be led by the redhead. However, within five minutes of starting to walk, Grace felt a dire urge to shit, as well as a twinge in her bladder.

"Calm down, Grace. Maybe we'll go to a restaurant, and there you can use the bathroom" Grace said to herself.

But as they went along, Grace noticed that they were getting farther and farther away from the city. Which made Grace worried, as she didn't want both of them to come back because of her emergency.

— Are you enjoying the view, baby?

— Ah? What? Oh, yes... It's very beautiful.

Grace was trying not to make a face so as not to worry Kathy, and she was succeeding.

The walk lasted several more minutes until they reached something resembling a forest. Kathy let go of Grace's hand and walked over to a giant tree with some colorful mushrooms around it.

Kathy touched the tree and her hand let out a small white flash before the part she was touching turned into a hole. Grace's eyes widened, amazed at what she had just seen. Kathy held out a hand as she approached the hole.

— Come, it'll be fun.

Grace took Kathy's hand and went through the hole in the tree with it. Grace couldn't see anything, but she trusted Kathy, who seemed very sure of the path she was taking. Suddenly, Grace farted, a silent one, but a rather stinky one. Grace could hear Kathy complaining, and she felt her heart race.

— This place sucks too —Kathy complained—. There must be some dead animal around here again.

Grace was a little relieved to learn that Kathy hadn't discovered her, though she was frightened that Kathy would say "again" about the dead animals.

They kept moving forward until Grace finally saw a light. As they emerged from the tunnel, Grace felt her heart race with excitement. In front of her was a field with pink-leaved trees, a small lake, and in the distance she could hear the flow of a river. Grace turned to look at Kathy excitedly. The redhead smiled at her before walking to the lake and sitting near it.

— Come here, princess. Here will be our date.

Grace was thrilled to know that her date would be in that beautiful and magical field. But she also felt uneasy when she saw no signs of any toilets nearby.

A little nervous, she sat down next to Kathy, who gave her a kiss on the cheek, before bringing up a picnic basket.

— Eat what you want.

Grace refused at first, as she didn't want her stomach pain to get worse, but after seeing Kathy's disappointed face, she decided to take something. She ended up taking a piece of an apple pie, for Grace liked pies, though her favorites were blackberry pies.

They chatted, laughed, and ate for several minutes, and for a moment Grace forgot her urgent need. Or it was until the pressure in her bowels and bladder returned, ruining the moment.

This time, Grace was unable to hide her facial expressions, drawing Kathy's attention.

— Grace, baby, are you feeling alright?

— Eh? Yes, I just... I just need to pee.

— Just that? — Grace nodded. Technically, she wasn't lying, though she wasn't telling her the whole truth either—. Um... Well... I think you can pee in the river.

— What?

— Well, to be honest, I peed a couple of times in the river.

— Um...

— But if you don't want it's okay, we can go back and-

— No! Sorry, I meant I'm not that desperate. I can hold on.

— Sure? I don't want you to have an accident, come on, let's go back.

— No, no, I... I'll do it on the river.

— Grace, you don't need to do that.

— But I'll do it, you tried so hard to get me here and I don't want to leave right away.

— Grace, darling...

Grace got up and went in the direction of the river. When she was on the riverbank, she bent down and looked back. Kathy was far away from her, and looking in another direction. She was thankful that Kathy wasn't watching her, which made her feel calmer about what she was going to do.

She pulled her panties down to her knees and relaxed. A strong stream of hot urine gushed from inside her, causing her to sigh in relief. Her bladder emptied little by little, making Grace feel better. Even she considered relieving her bowels, but that was a different matter. If it was diarrhea, Grace would be much more comfortable dealing with it in a bathroom and not near the river. She stood up, watching as in a matter of seconds her urine mixed with the river water. Grace pulled up her panties and returned to Kathy, still hoping to hold out for a few more minutes.

— Finished? — Kathy asked when she saw her return

— Yes! — Grace sat down next to her.

— Okay.

They continued talking for a few more minutes until Grace felt sick to her stomach again. She hugged her stomach and leaned over, feeling that the pain in her stomach and the pressure in her butt were worse than before. Kathy looked at her worriedly and patted her on the back.

— Dear, are you feeling well?

— Yes, yes, it's just... menstrual cramps —she lied.

— Oh, that's too bad. If you want, we'll come back and I'll buy you a pill. Sometimes the pain can be unbearable and I don't want you to writhe in pain.

— No, no, It's okay, I'll be fine, I just need...

At that, a loud, wet, stinky fart came out of Grace's ass. The blonde turned red with embarrassment, while the redhead put the dots together.

— Yes, sure, menstrual cramps —Kathy said sarcastically.

— Sorry, I didn't want us to have to leave for... You know.

— You would have told me you were sick to your stomach and I would have come to your house to hang out.

— Sorry, I didn't think you were going to bring me into an open field.

— You think you can hold on?

— Maybe?

— If you're not sure, you can go and do it behind a tree. I swear I won't see you.

— No, it's fine, I can hold it.

— Are you sure? Remember that the hike is a bit long.

— Yes, I'm sure.

— I'm going to believe you.

Kathy stood up and helped Grace to her feet. With a snap, Kathy made the basket disappear and took Grace back into the tunnel.

As they walked through the tunnel, Grace's urge to shit escalated to levels too strong for her and she stopped in her tracks. Kathy turned to look at her, noticing that she was hugging her stomach tightly and that she was panting.

— Grace, are you...?

— I can't hold it anymore, Kathy!

— Oh... Em... I'll turn around then so you can, you know.

— What? I'm not going to shit here!

— Then you'll hold out until we get out and find a bathroom?

Grace wanted to answer her, but she felt an avalanche of mud begin to slide out of her anus and immediately bent down pulling her panties down quickly.

A bubbling fart and an avalanche of shit came out of Grace's anus. The blonde gasped as she emptied her bowels, feeling quite embarrassed for having to do that so close to Kathy. Grace pushed several times to make sure she completely emptied her bowels and didn't have any more problems afterwards.

When he finally finished, he remembered one small detail, and that was that he didn't have anything to wipe his butt with. But she had already ruined her date too much and just wanted to go home, so she pulled up her panties and touched Kathy's arm to let her know it was over.

Kathy took her hand again and they continued walking towards the exit. For the rest of the way, neither of them spoke to each other, and it's not as if Grace wanted to say anything after that embarrassing moment.

Upon exiting the tunnel, Grace broke free of Kathy's grip and tried to escape, but the redhead wouldn't let her and hugged her around the waist.

— Where do you think you're going? Our date isn't over yet.

— But I ruined everything —Grace murmured.

— Oh, cutie, you didn't ruin anything.

— But...

— You felt bad, I get it, it happens to all of us. At least you didn't shit in front your date like I did.

— What?

— Yes, it happened to me once. With the girl I was dating, I got stucked in the elevator, and I was so nervous and scared that I shit myself. After that, she didn't talk to me again.

— Oh, I'm sorry about that.

— Don't worry, that made me realize she wasn't the one. If that person really wants something with you, they won't care if you have an accident, on the contrary, they will try to help you.

— You're trying to make me feel better, aren't you?

— Yes, is it working?

— Yes, thank you, I needed it.

— Since you're feeling better, we can go for a walk in the park or go to the cinema to see a movie, what do you think?

— The hike sounds good.

— Okay, and if you feel unwell again, let me know so we can find a bathroom in time. I like you, but I don't want to have to go through this all the time.

— Don't worry, I promise you that if I'm feeling bad, I'll tell you ahead of time.

— I hope so.

Kathy pulled away from Grace and held her hand again, while Grace let herself go, this time feeling calmer knowing that Kathy didn't care if she had an accident. Although I would obviously try not to make her worry too much and try to let her know if she needed to use the bathroom again.

The end.

