See No Pee-vil

Author: AliasnameTO

*000*2018-09-28 02:35

This came together in a flurry of inspiration. I'm quite proud of it, and hope you like it too. Warning, though: it ends in a cliffhanger. I hope to turn this into a series as well. Bon appetit.

“Beth, look!” her mom said, jarring her with an elbow to wake her abruptly. Her seat still vibrated, and the propeller out on the wing still turned with an ungodly roar. Her dirty-blonde hair was in her face. At least her heavily faded jeans were a good clothing choice. Despite the forgiving stretch of the waistband, a fair weight in pee pressed more strongly between her legs than when she fell asleep.

I bet this damn puddle-jumper could have had space for a bathroom. Bethany Tucker squirmed and growled protests to being woken up, but forgot her bad mood upon seeing what her mom pointed out. The Isle of Cress, with its verdant bluffs emerging from the clouds as the plane descended, was more beautiful than the pictures suggested. As long as her grandparents had lived in the island nation, she had never gotten to visit. But now, that lost time was coming back to her in moving there. Permanently. Her grandfather was retiring and passing ownership of his charter fishing fleet to her father. The money was too good for her parents not to accept.

“I hope wherever we’re living looks as nice,” she said, “But I doubt it.”

Her mother scowled at her. “That sass may have worked for you before, but you’re going to be in a foreign country now. I don’t care if you’re a teenager; it’s time to be a big girl and make good impressions.”

Bethany’s first instinct was to resist further, but her mother was right. The only thing resisting now was her bladder. She sighed. “Sorry,” she said, trailing into a whine, “I’m just ready to be off this plane and I really have to go to the bathroom.” She pushed a palm between her legs and exaggerated her pose. While mostly for emphasis, it did help with the urge too.

A few passengers glanced her way in dilute shock. “Sit up!” her mother said in a hushed voice, “Cress people don’t talk like that. It’s impolite.”

“What’s impolite?” Bethany asked, “Saying you have to go to the bathroom?”

“Yes. That’s private business you don’t just blurt out in front of strangers.”

“Ugh, I know,” Bethany moaned, recalling all the Isle of Cress articles and travel guides she had read since the decision was made. She deliberately whispered the rest, “But that doesn’t magically mean I don’t have to go anymore.”

Her mother patted her leg, “Just wait until we get to the airport. It won’t be long.”

As the plane banked into its final approach, Gosnold International Airport and the outskirts of Cape Mackenzie rose to meet them. Aside from its distinct northeastern charm, it looked like any other modest city. Bethany only prayed that the weird Cress aversion to talking about bodily needs would not mean she would have nowhere to go until getting home.

The plane touched down, finally lurching to a halt not a moment too soon. Bethany tried springing out of her seat simply for the chance to move, but regretted it immediately. The pressure between her legs doubled. She sat back down, daring to let a drop of pee escape into her panties like she had done countless times before when having to go. Somehow it helped ease the sharpness and made her feel much better. She sighed again in temporary relief.

Bethany and her mom crossed the tarmac and into the terminal. Restaurants and shops abounded, but there was no restroom sign for miles. Bethany groaned and began to give up hope. She was in the midst of giving up another drop when an airport directory came into view. “There!” she cried, pointing it out and pulling her mom along, “There’s got to be one somewhere.”

Both scoured the backlit map, but came up empty-handed. “Are you kidding me?” Bethany wailed, doing her best to keep her voice down, “There are literally none! How? Why!”

A gate attendant approached from behind. “I don’t mean to interrupt,” the petite lady wearing a red blazer and her hair in a bun said, “but can I help you find something?”

Before her mother could think of an appropriate way to phrase it, Bethany answered, “The bathroom. Restroom, whatever it’s called here. Sorry if it’s rude, but we’re from America and I really have to go and I don’t know what to do.” The wet spot in her underwear had cooled enough to remind her it was there. In lieu of doing a humiliating dance, she clamped her knees together and sort of rotated her hips to keep the worst of the urge at bay. With any luck, the attendant would take pity on her.

The lady pursed her lips. “It’s alright, it’s common for arrivals. The ‘sanitary accommodation’ is what you’re looking for. There’s one in the main concourse. It will be just that way, and follow the arrows for ‘ACM’ from there.”

“Thank you,” Bethany lavished, sinking into a sort of bow she hoped camouflaged her pee dance. The woman simply smiled, and wished them well.

There was no need to be on time for anything, but Bethany’s walk showed otherwise. Her heels pounded the tile with as much speed as her flip-flops allowed. “ACM, ACM,” she muttered, eyes flitting from one direction arrow to the next. “Aha!” she said, spotting her goal. The sight of it caused a bad pee wave. The thought of shedding another drop was less automatic this time and more of a measured decision. Enough “single drops” had been surrendered to her panties to leave the gusset damp and chilly all the way across. Any more would threaten her jeans, too. The pale denim stood no chance against even a minor wetting. Yet, even that was preferable to a big disaster. With relief so near, she let out a generous, warm dribble, vowing to hold the rest as she abandoned her mom and hurled open the frosted glass door.

Rather than a toilet or even a row of stalls, what greeted her was… a reception desk. Goddammit.

“Can I help you?” The receptionist asked. The male receptionist. A cute guy in a tight t-shirt that had to be barely eighteen. A fantastic time for her to be a hot mess.

Bethany drew herself up, doing her best to keep a stoic image. The crotch of her jeans was probably wet. “Uh, yes. Is this the accommodations?” she pleaded.

“You found it,” he said, “We have lockers and cots for rent, and showers are in that hall.”

“Thanks,” she said, scurrying toward the showers. She’d find the toilets on her own, or go in a shower-- anything to prevent a cute guy from watching her slowly wet herself.

Discovering the showers made her gasp. There were no curtains! No dividing walls, no male and female separation, no anything! Just a row of showerheads on one side, drains in the floor, and towels in open lockers on the opposite wall. A handful of naked people washed themselves, paying neither her nor one another any mind. Despite it, this would clearly not be a good place to pee. She backtracked past the receptionist with a trembling lip.

“Feeling better?” her mom asked outside the door. The woman’s expression fell as quickly when seeing the tears in her daughter’s eyes.

“There was no bathroom, mom,” Bethany lamented, “What is wrong with this place?”

Her mother pulled her into a hug. “Sorry, baby, but the person at the gate said they were there. They have to be. Let’s look again.”

“I don’t want to,” she whined. Perhaps unreasonably, but she would do anything to avoid going past that guy again and embarrassing herself. Even if it meant ducking off to pee somewhere less desirable. This was agony, and she had had enough. “Let’s just get out of here.”

*004*2018-10-02 12:44

Thank you all for the support an update is on the way.

