The new kid

Author: Alice125

*000*2018-10-21 04:54

Chapter 1

Adam was an average student, his grades weren't great, but they weren't bad either. He also acted out a bit sometimes, and had seen the pricipal more than either of them wanted, but he was average, and overall a good kid, just needed a push in the right direction.

The boy was sophmore, having just turned 16. But there was something about him, that no one knew, not his other friends, nor even his own parents. Adam was in fact into boys. He never had a problem with who he is, that's just simply part of him. But his mom has shared her distaste for gay people and he is worried his friends might turn his back to him when he comes out to them.

It was first hour and there was lots of chatter in his class. There was a new student and everyone was making guesses about what he or she be like. They didn't have to wait long though, and Adam wished time would just speed up so they would all calm down.

It was another 15 minutes before the bell finally rang and everyone shuffled to their seats. "Good morning class," Mr. Benny said. As you all know, today we have a new student joining us," he gestured to the door indicating that he was asking someone to come in, presumably the new kid. A boy emerged at the door, looking nervous to make another step. "It's alright, don't be shy, were all friends here." Mr. Benny said. The boy slowly made his way next to the teacher. "Alright class, this is Jack, he just moved from New Jersey and I want you guys to help him feel welcome and adjust because it's not easy to suddenly be shipped to another state."

Adam did a double take, the boy was absolutely stunning. He had semi-long brown hair and green eyes, just Adam's type. "Thank you Jack, now please go find a seat. The boy made his way towards the desks. "You can sit here," Adam said indicating the fortunately empty desk next to his. "Hi, I'm Adam." He replied when the new boy sat down. "Jack," the boy replied and they shook hands. "Alright class settle down." Mr Benny said.

Everyone who was not, gathered back to their seats. "Good, then let's get to work. Today we have a pop quiz." The class groaned. "Don't worry, it will be fairly easy, I know we have a new kid so for him I have a review sheet. Sarah would you be my guest and pass out the papers for me?"

"Sure." She smiled and walked towards the front. Sarah is the class hottie, supposedly. She is tall with blonde hair, not the skinniest like most go for, but not in bad shape. Everytime she walks by the other boys start drooling on their desks. Adam never saw it though, of course, he's not really like the other boys.

Adam blew through the test like a breeze, done quicker than most, so he took out his notebook and made some random doodles in it.

At one point he took a quick peek at Jack, the boy seemed to be struggling. He was making odd movements and put a hand underneath his desk, it seemed as if he had to go to the bathroom. "Um, are you okay?" I asked. Jack said nothing simply nodded.

For some odd reason Adam was fascinated by his little movements, they were almost - cute. He never thought about something like that being cute, but somehow Jack made it cute.

When the bell rang Jack immediately ran from the room, leaving his supplies behind. "Um, Mr. Benny?"

"Yes Adam?" The teacher looked up from his computer. "Do you happen to know Jack's next class? He forgot his stuff." Mr. Benny looked over to the mess at Jack's desk. "It appears he did, I'm sorry but I don't, bring it to me and I will keep it up here, he has me in 4th hour, unless he comes for it sooner."

"Well, alright." Adam said dejectedly, he was hoping he could deliver the stuff personally, also make sure the boy was okay.

He walked out and made his way to 2nd hour.

Lunch time rolled around, his favorite part of the day. Lunch time was the part of the day he didn't have to worry about his teachers, and he could talk freely with his friends without being hounded to be quiet. Today he chose chicken tenders, it wasn't the greatest, but it sure beat the mystery meat burgers. He walked to his usual spot, the table where he and his friends made the designated hang out spot.

"Hey guys." Adam greeted warmly. "Oh hey," Justin replied. "What's up everyone?" He asked as he sat down.

"Oh you know, the usual." Replied Janice, "just eating a crappy lunch, at a crappy school." She rolled her eyes. "Well atleast you got us." Stephanies scoffed, playfully offended. "Yeah, well."

"Anyway," Adam said, wishing to change the subject. "What's new?"

"We got a new kid today." Paul said. "So did we, he seems alright." Adam nodded. "He seems kind of nervous, almost like he's scared of people.

"Maybe he was bullied before coming here." Adam suggested. "Poor thing." Stephanie said.

Lunch had passed, then 5th hour. 6th is where it got interesting.

Jack was in his class again, this time it was math. Unfortunately Jack sat 2 rows in front of Adam, but he could still catch him after class. "Good afternoon class, I'm sure you are all ready to get home, as am I, but now we must begin. Today's assignment isn't too terribly difficult, but as always there is no use of a calculator." Mrs. Fischer said. The class groaned at this. Adam did not like math, it had always been his weakest subject. The papers were distributed to the class and everyone got to work.

The minutes ticked by, the end of school could not come sooner, but only 10 minutes passed since it began. He sighed and went back to his assignment. Slowly the time passed and the end of the day neared closer. He took a quick glance at Jack, the boy was focused on his work, oblivious to his surroundings.

Finally the bell rang indicating the end of the day and everyone gathered their belongings. He rushed to catch up to Jack who was just about to walk out the door. "Hey," Adam said. "Oh hi," Jack replied. "Everything go alright? You sort of rushed out of first hour." Adam asked. "Oh yeah, that." Jack went red in the face, he did not like to be reminded by others. "It's okay, I'm not making fun of you or anything, that's just something that happens to us." Jack said nothing, simply nodded, which made Adam a little suspicious, but didn't want to press the issue. "That's good. Um, do you have some free time? I could show you around, maybe get a bite to eat, there's also this really cool gaming center."

"Sorry, that does sound fun, but mom wants me to go home, you know first day and all."

"Oh yeah, I totally get that. Maybe tomorrow then?" The boy gave it some thought. "Sure why not."

"Great." Adam smiled, "See you tomorrow then."

"Yeah." Then they parted ways.

Jack thought about Adam on his way home, the boy seemed kind of odd, immediately inviting him to hang out like that was not the norm. But the boy seemed nice, maybe he had a real friend. His expression turned dark, would Adam accept him even after learning his secret? He wasn't sure he could handle that rejection again.

A/N Sorry there was no real omo in this chapter, just a subtle scene, but I am planning to add an actual scene in the next chapter. But in the mean time, I hope you guys enjoyed the start of this. And chapter 2 is already in the works and should be out soon.

*002*2019-01-14 09:59

Chapter 2

"Hi hun, how was school?" Adam's mom greeted when he came in. "It went pretty good, we have a new kid." He replied. "Oh? What are they like?"

"He's a little shy, but seems nice."

"That's good to hear." She smiled at him. "Yeah..." he smiled back, "and tomorrow we have plans to go hang out and I'm going to show him around town."

"That was fast, well I hope you have fun tomorrow."

"Thank you, I gotta get up and get some homework done. "Sounds good, I'll let you know when dinner's ready."

"Okay mom." He replied, and he was gone.

Adam plopped down on his bed, turned on the TV to netflix and got started on his homework. It was algebra, his least favorite subject. He sat for over an hour, deeply focused on his work, or tried to. The TV kept having loud moments, and at another point, his little brother came in to distract him.

Finally his mom called down for dinner, tonight was her special meatloaf, his favorite. "Where's dad?" He asked looking around the table. "Dad will be home late tonight," she sighed. "Oh, alright." Adam's shoulders sagged slightly and he took his seat at the table.

Despite the absence of his father, they still had an enjoyable meal. Though Adam still had an odd feeling about dad, normally he doesn't work that late.

"How was school Steven?" Adam turned to his little brother, Steven, who had just turned 9." Suddenly Steven's happy expression faltered. "Oh, it was, fine."

"You sure? It doesn't seem that way." He gave Steven an odd look. "Yeah, everything is fine, promise!" He changed his expression to where his lips turned upwards to form a small smile. "Well, if you say so, but I'm still your big brother and here if you need me." He patted Steven on the head. "Thanks Adam." His smile grew even wider, and Adam returned the smile.

Now with a full stomach he cleared away his plate and walked back to his room to finish his homework and play some more of his game until it was time for bed. He got up and got ready, then crawled into his bed, smiling thinking about seeing Jack the next day.

Adam woke up the next morning, a little tired but refreshed nonetheless. He hurried downstairs to fix his breakfast and eat, then got ready for school.

It was now 8 and the bell had just rung. Adam had just entered the classroom, and smiled when he saw Jack. And went to go take his place next to him. "Good morning."

"Mor- 'yawn' morning." Jack greeted. "Didn't sleep well? Adam asked. "Sort of, my stupid brother wouldn't stop playing his stupid game all night making it difficult to sleep."

"That's rough." Adam replied. "How did your evening go?" Jack asked, but before Adam could reply Mr. Benny's voice boomed from the front, "All right guys that's enough chit-chat time to start class."

"First I will pass back your grades, some of you did excellent, but some of you I am disappointed in." Though Mr. Benny did not look at him, he felt as if that last part was directed at him. Soon the answer came when they got their tests back, sure enough, he got a C. He groaned in frustration. "What did you get?" Adam whispered to Jack.

"An A."

"A? That's great, I got a lousy C, hey, maybe you could help tutor me sometime."

"Yeah, maybe."

"Boys," Mr. Benny called out to them, "seeing as you two are talking when I asked for there to be none, what's so important that you must ignore that?"

"Nothing Mr. Benny, sorry." Adam said, both him and Jack red faced as they turned back to the front. "Good, now today we are going to start phase 2 of our algebra." The class groaned. "Turn to page 30 in your textbooks." Everyone got to work. Learning new things were not easy, and the whole class was feeling the uneasiness of the assignment. Finally the bell rang, marking the end of class. Unfortunately Adam had some homework from that.

"Don't forget your stuff today," he teased Jack. "I won't," Jack cracked a faint smile. They had begun to turn their seperate ways. "Wait a sec Jack." Adam said, and the other boy turned around. "Yeah?"

"Wanna join me for luch?" Jack thought about it and hesitated for a minute. "Sure." He replied. Adam smiled, "great." And turned back to head to his next hour.

Lunch seemed to come quickly, more so than usual. Which is never unwelcome, lunch is always a good part of the day.

He got his lunch, then walked over to his friends. "Hi Adam." Janice greeted. "How's it going everyone?" Adam asked as he took his seat. "Oh you know, the usual." Paul replied. "Well that's good. So I have someone joining us today."

"Is it that new kid?" Stephanie asked. "Yeah."

"Well good, meeting new people is always fun." Janice said.

Soon Jack appeared close by the table, and Adam waved him down.

"Hey Jack, come join us." Jack seemed to look upset when he saw all the people, but his expression quickly changed, and he took a seat at the table. "Guys, this is my new friend Jack. Jack, this Janice, Paul, and Stephanie. We go back a long ways."

"Nice to meet you." He put on a faint smile, but kept his eyes downcast. "So Jack, tell us about you." Janice said. She too thought he was very cute, and being the flirt of the group was one who pushed to get the person she wanted. "W-well I just moved here because mom got an awesome job oppurtunity, and so far it seems to be going pretty good."

"How do you like the school?" Paul asked. "It not too bad, the kids are much nicer."

"Aw, were you picked on alot at your old school." Stephanie asked. "S-something like that." Replied Jack.

6th hour eventually rolled around, and the boys were back in the same class again. Adam couldn't wait for the day to end, he could show Jack around town, and already had things planned. "Jack," he whispered to the boy, who turned around to look at him. "Are we still good for after school?" Jake nodded in reply, then the bell went off. "Talk after class."

"Good afternoon class, today things will be a little different." Mrs. Fischer said, "we are having an unexpected pop quiz." The class groaned. "Don't worry, this won't be more difficult than yesterday's assignment." She went around to pass out the papers.

"Begin." The teacher was lying when she said it would be easy. Unfortunately, he didn't have many who could help and the person who could help was too far ahead. '2(x - 9) + 6(-x + 2) + 4x what does this even mean?!" He was panicked trying to scrounge for the answers in his head. This is one subject he had trouble with the most. He had only gotten halfway through when the bell rang. "And were out of time, those who are finished, turn it in, those who are not, it will be homework, due tomorrow. Have a nice evening." Mrs. Fischer said as the class gathered their belongs and made their way to the door.

Finally the bell rang and everyone left. Jack had waited by the door for Adam to emerge. "You ready?" He asked Jack. "Yeah, but I need to go to the bathroom real quick."

"Oh, yeah me too," Adam admitted. "With such little time between classes it can be a pain sometimes." Jack nodded, Adam noted how uncomfortable he looked.

When they were 2 feet from the restroom, Jack suddenly froze and gasped. "Ah n-no!" He cried out, and began to run to the bathroom. A wet stain on his plants slowly becoming visible. 'That can't be good,' Adam thought to himself and ran to the bathroom as well, what greeted him took him by surprise. A trail of liquid had led up to a particular stall, and he heard crying on the other side. "Jack?" The boy calmly asked. "G-go away."

"Jack, it's okay," Adam soothed. There was silence that followed. "J-jack." There was no response, only crying. Adam waited on Jack, but the boy never emerged. "If you wish to speak, I'm all ears. And don't worry, this stays between us, and I don't think of you differently."

Adam slowly left the bathroom incase Jack changed his mind, but the boy never emerged and Adam decided he needed some space, because clearly he was really upset.

Adam decided to not press him about their plans, from the incident, he decided the best thing was to let the boy go home and calm down. "Well see you tomorrow, and don't worry, this stays between us. And it doesn't change things for me."

"T-thank you." Jack smiled, and Adam returned it.

Adam returned home. "Hi hun," his mom greeted. "I thought you had plans with your new friend."

"I did, but he wasn't feeling good, so he went home."

"Oh man, that's too bad, well maybe he will feel better soon and you guys can hang out."

Adam went up to his room to get started on his homework, but he could barely concentrate. Instead, his focus wondered back to the incident from earlier. Jack had wet his pants, on his second day at his new school. The poor kid must feel miserable.

The incident reminded him of a time when Adam was in middle school, he had to pee really bad, but wasn't allowed too. He never made it, and unlike the incident with the boy today, it was in front of his entire class, he caught grief from it for months. And Jack must be feeling pretty terrible about it too, he only hoped things would be okay with them the next day.

*004*2019-02-17 07:47

{{On 1/14/2019 at 7:09 AM, BENAir01 said:

This is excellent! By the way the math problem was -6.

}}

Thank you so much, I was tired when I wrote that so I quickly googled a math problem and didn't realize this mistake, lol. Glad you enjoy my story.

Chapter 3

Adam woke up the next morning, anxious to get to school. He wanted to see Jack, and hoped things would be okay between them.

"Good morning mom," he greeted cheerfully as he entered the kitchen. "Good morning Adam," she greeted back. "How are you feeling today?" She asked. "Fine," he replied. "Well good, do you think you'll see your friend today?"

"I hope so." He replied, he really hoped to see Jack, he really wanted to clear the air between them, only hoped Jack wouldn't avoid him.

Soon enough, the answer came, as first hour rolled around. "Hi Jack," he greeted with a smile upon seeing his friend. Jack barely seemed to acknowlege him, just froze for a second, then resumed what he was doing.

'Yup, definitely too embarassed.' Adam thought to himself, 'but how can I let him know it's okay?

He didn't have time to think because soon the bell rang, and Mr. Benny began. Today's assignment was just a review over the past few weeks materials, the semi-finals were coming up soon, the worst part of going to school.

Adam made several attempts to get Jack to talk, through prodding, or whispering quick questions, but the kid would not respond. Finally Adam made one last attempt. He took out a piece of paper and wrote: 'About what happened yesterday, it's okay, it couldn't be helped. I don't think of you any different. It also stays between us.'

He passed it over to Jack's desk, who took it, and read. His expression was unclear, but he made semi- eye contact, and nodded. 'I hope that's a good sign.' Adam wondered to himself.

'Won't tell, yeah right,' Jack thought bitterly. 'That's how it always happens.' He thinks he's made a friend, but then they find out his secret, and suddenly he's treated different, sure they might still be nice to him but they act differently, always keep a certain distance between them, as if their cautious it might happen again.

Shortly before the end of class a last note was passed to him. 'I won't bring it up in the future. I know what happened can be stressful, especially when you are a new student. But it's just something that can happen, well to tell the truth, I've been in that situation before. So just know you aren't alone at this school.'

Jack wasn't sure how to respond. In the past, if he had an accident, his 'friends' would do their best to avoid the topic at all cost. No one bothered to actually comfort him. But this was different from then, these were the words he wanted to hear. But he still couldn't fully trust Adam just yet, even the one he trusted most eventually betrayed him.

The day continued the same, Adam could not understand why. He had only known the boy a few days, but yet somehow he felt it was important to befriend the boy. Yet here Jack was, not speaking to him, all because of the incident. And it hurt Adam a little, he understood the other boy's pain, after it happened to himself, he would get teased.

Adam wasn't sure just how to relay those feelings, because each time he tried, he would get tuned out again.

The day seemed to never want to end. It just drug on, even his usual friends during lunch didn't help much, though they certainly noticed something was up.

Eventually 6th hour rolled around. And there was Jack again, by then Adam had decided to give him some space, if he truly did not want to speak, then just give him space until he is ready.

But things took an interesting shift when Adam recieved a note from Jack. It read: "I'm sorry about earlier, let's talk after school."

Adam looked up and their eyes met, he gave a simple nod and soon the bell rang.

Finally, the bell rang and everyone cleared their seats. Adam walked over to Jack's desk. "You ready?" Jack nodded. They had first went to the bathroom, and then went to the local park.

"I'd like to say something," Jack said, "I'm really sorry about earlier, I was just super embarassed about yesterday, well, still am, but I was especially afraid of you going and telling people. I was for sure that by lunch people would know. Ans then I'd just be a laughing stock."

Adam was taken aback, and a bit offended, he would never tell anyone. He knows how Jack felt yesterday having gone through that himself, and even if he hadn't, he still wouldn't have.

"I wouldn't do that." Adam said. "I know that," Jack sighed, should he tell him? "To tell the truth, this isn't the first time. I did it back in middle school, and became the laughing stock of the school. Even my own friends joined in the laughter at some point." His head was bent, facing the ground, dared not to look up. It was the truth, he did wet himself in middle school, but there were more than one occurence, but he left that part out.

"I'm so sorry that happened to you. And to be honest, I also did it in middle school. And well, there was an audience. It happened during P.E. and the coach wouldn't let me go, and I couldn't hold it. It was a humiliating experience." His expression was bitter, "the kids would tease me daily, for nearly 3 weeks, until they got bored. But during the time, they would spray water on my pants, saying I had done it again, sometimes I would find diapers in my locker, but I would laugh it off and ask why they went out of their way to go buy diapers just for me, unless they needed them too. One even went as far as to put ceran wrap over my seat."

He felt a tear sting his eye,he had just told someone he barely knew his darkest secret, and the memory brought back great pain. "So you see Jack," he made eye contact with the other boy, "it's okay to have a little accident, you couldn't help it. And if you do, just remember: you're not alone, it's just a natural process we all do, and sometimes it can't be helped."

Jack nodded, "Thank you Adam," he smiled sincerely, these words were what he'd been aching to hear, as no one in his past had bothered to. 'Maybe Adam is someone I could truly trust.' Jack only hoped that thought rang true.

"Your welcome," Adam smiled back. There was a pleasant air between the two, they had finally formed a solid friendship.

"How about we start out small and go for some icecream, for today?" Adam said, "I know this amazing joint in town, so many different kinds of toppings, and my treat."

"Sounds good." Jack replied.

They entered the icecream parlor, and Jack was amused. The bu1ilding had a more vintage feel to it, and the menu was long. They went up to order. Adam got a chochlate vanilla swirl with caramel and sprinkles, and Jack got cookies and cream, with gummy worms and oreos.

A few minutes later an employee came by with their ice cream. Jack looked at his and was in heaven, they certainly didn't have anything this fancy back home. Adam couldn't help but smile a bit at Jack's expression, it reminded him of a child who got excited when he got a new toy.

Their visit was filled with chit-chat, and laughter, it really was a good day. But like any other day, it must come to an end. Eventually both their glasses had run empty, so they called it a day and went their seperate ways, but not without Jack thanking Adam first.

'What a good day,' Adam smiled to himself on his way home. It was definitely one to remember for awhile, it's been awhile since he's gone out like that with a friend.

"You look like you're in a good mood," Adam's mom greeted. "Yes," Adam nodded. "Did you get to hang out with your new friend?"

"Mhm,"

"good, well I'm glad your making a new friend." She smiled.

Adam made his way up the stairs, first stopping by the bathroom to relieve himself, then to his room. He threw his backpack aside and plopped on his bed. Jack was in his thoughts again, he really felt a connection between the two of them, and hoped that he won't blow what they have.

Things were looking up.

*006*2019-05-23 06:18

Chapter 4

Warning: this is a lame chapter, with even worse ending, it was just a filler. And I didn't mean to cut the ending so short. I promise things will be 100% better in the next chapter.

Friday had finally rolled around. With all the excitement, the week felt longer than it actually had. Adam's best friends Justin and Paul were staying over at his house for the night. He already had planned everything out.

School could not end any sooner. He thought about inviting Jack along as well, but he didn't want to throw in another person to the mix, he felt that would be rude. But he did carry his usual conversations with the other boy. Soon the end of the day rolled around, and he quickly headed home.

He greeted his mom and got to work with the setup. First thing was first, setting the snacks out, he had a variety of chips and dip. Then he popped a game in to play while he waited.

It was close to 5:30 when Paul arrived, and closer to 6 when Justin arrived. Soon after, they had eaten, and the real fun began. The started out with a couple rounds on the ps4. Then played truth or dare. At first it was a simple game, "have you had your first kiss, I dare you to kiss the mirror, etc. But there was a point where it got interesting.

Next it was Paul's turn. "Okay Paul," Justin said. "Hmm, dare."

"Okay, I dare you to down this bottle of pop."

"Oh, that's easy." Paul said. "But," Justin said, "you can't go to the bathroom until you get ready for bed."

"Well can I go now?" He felt a faint twinge in his bladder as it was, and the bottle of pop would not help that, especially considering it would be several hours before he could go again. "No," Justin said, "And if you can't hold it, you can't use the toilet."

"You're going to make me piss myself?" He seemed shocked at Justin's words. "I didn't say that, there's lots places you could go, just not the toilet."

"Fine," paul sighed, and drank the bottle of pop.

Next they played a few rounds on the ps3. As the night got later, they watched a horror film. Some horror film from indonesia that had brought.

As the movie played, Adam began to notice some movements from Paul, he figured that he really had to go by now. 'Silly Paul,' Adam thought to himself, 'it's only a game, he shouldn't take it seriously. Just don't piss on the carpet please.' He added as an after thought.

The movie was nearly finished, and Paul suddenly shot up. "Oh man!" He exclaimed and ran out the door. He returned a few minutes later, no one made any more mention of the incident. And the night carried on as normal. Soon it was time for bed.

The next day they ate breakfast, then soon after, the boys left. What a fun night. But the mess was not as fun to clean.

*007*2019-05-23 14:59

I regret that chapter, sorry guys, it was not written well at all. But I was very tired last night when I wrote the end, plus I really wanted to get that out of the way to preprare for chapter 5. Which chapter 5 should be out in the next week or so.

*009*2019-07-16 03:06

Chapter 5

Monday rolled around again. Though Adam wished it could have lasted a little longer, he is glad the weekend is over.

He entered class at the correct time, and to his pleasure, Jack was there. He walked over and sat next to him. "Good morning," he smiled. "Morning." Jack replied. Monday seems a little less dreary with Jack around now, or any day for that matter. "Did you have a good weekend?" Jack simply nodded, "did you?" Adam gave him the same reply.

Soon Mr. Benny entered and it was time for class.

After it was over Jack darted off again. 'There he goes again,' Adam sighed, wondering why he tends to do that. Well, atleast he remembered his stuff that time. He made the walk to his next class.

Lunch rolled around, Adam had invited Jack to come sit with them again. They walked over to the table where his friends sat. "Hi Jack." Stephanie smiled at him when he sat down. She appeared to have a small crush on him, Adam felt a little jealous, she could flirt freely while he couldn't do anything publicly. Of course, he didn't want to freak guys out either.

"Hi," Jack replied quietly. "Aw c'mon, don't be shy," Paul said. "Yeah, were all buds here," Justin added in agreement.

"So how was your guy's weekend?" Stephanie asked.

"Oh it was great, Paul smiled, "Adam invited us over, and we played games, watched a couple movies."

"Sounds like fun."

"It was," Adam agreed. Jack seemed a little down, why wasn't he invited?

Adam felt bad, and planned to have a proper talk with him about it later, he didn't want to make a scene about it now, where everyone was watching.

After lunch came P.E. which Adam hated, but it did help keep him in shape, to that he couldn't complain. They started off by doing their stretches, then a couple of laps around the track. It was an unsually hot and miserable day for spring. The coaches whistle blew, indicating it was time to go back insid. Everyone was thankful for this, the run had nearly killed them.

They were now in the locker rooms. "Ugh, that was brutal. Why couldn't it have just been an indoor day?" Chris said. "I know, what's coach's deal, is he trying to kill us?" Another boy said. "Probably." Adam replied, everyone laughed at that.

They spent the remainder of class fighting over the water fountain, it got so bad that there was nearly a fist fight, luckily coach was able to seperate. Adam waited until it was safe before he himself went over to grab a drink. 'Man, the heat really messes with you.' He thought to himself jokingly.

6th hour rolled around again, it was now the last hour of the day, Jack was also in his class. He remembered he had to talk about the weekend. Jack came in soon after him. "Hey." He smiled. Jack didn't respond, he seemed to be in a bad mood. "Look, I'm sorry about not inviting you. I really wanted too, but I didn't want to make you uncomfortable by inviting you over with people you barely know." Jack still didn't say anything, but gave a small nod. Adam took this as he was still mad at him. Truth was, he wasn't, Jack just really needed the bathroom, but wasn't able to go during the breaks, and class is about to start. He sighed, hoping he would be able to make it.

"Okay kids, time to settle down, get out a paper and a pencil, today is a little pop quiz. A review of the previous weeks, as you all know semi-finals are next week." The class groaned at this. Adam looked over at Jack, he was staring at the front, but didn't seem very focused. Adam felt bad for the kid, this is only his second week, and he's already being thrown into the mix of the finals. This was going to be a hectic week. He passed a note over to Jack that said: "I will help you study for the finals." Jack seemed to distracted by something else to look at it.

'What's his deal?' Adam huffed, surely he's not this mad about the sleepover, something else must be up. He tried to write a few more notes, but Jack never glanced at them. Finally he whispered, "Are you sick?" There was still no response. Something is very off, this is not normal for him at all, even when he is upset. Adam took the liberty and raised his hand. "What is it Adam?" Mrs. Fischer asked, everyone turned to look at him.

"It's Jack, I think there's something really wrong with him, I think I should take him to the nurse!"

"It's n...ot... that." Jack responded finally. "Oh..." Adam replied, stumped. He had been trying for ages to get a response, and hadn't. "Then what is the problem?" She asked,a little frustrated at her class being interrupted like this, Adam has been known for his little shenanagins.

"May I use the restroom?" He finally managed to ask. "Jack, look at the clock." Mrs Fischer said, which he did so. "What does it say?" She asked. "2:15," Jack replied. "That means we have 15 more minutes of class, surely you can wait that long." She was very annoyed now, she hated her class being interrupted like this. Sometimes she could be real nice, then there's times like these where's she's not. "I really... don't think I can." His voice was shaky from trying to hold it. "Well I'm sorry, you'll have to wait.

5 minutes to the bell, Jack was beyond his limit, he had leaked a bit, and a faint spot was noticeable on his pants. He knew he was ready to burst, and even if he got up now, he probably won't make it, the thought was devastating. But his only concern was making it. He stood up and walked to the door, despite the teacher's protest.

He barely opened the door, when suddenly his body seized, and it was over. His bladder completely let go.

It was his worst memories coming back to haunt him, pee was spreading down his legs, hitting the tile, and creating a large puddle on the floor. No matter how hard he tried, it wouldn't stop until everything was out. The worst part was everyone in class has just witnessed his accident, including his only friend. His friend was nice the first time, but now he'll probably call him a piss baby, and give him diapers, just like the other kids.

"That's it, class dismissed!" Mrs. Fischer announced, shocked at what just happened in her classroom. The kids exited, laughing as Jack ran to the bathroom. Adam followed him there, the incident also reminded him of the day in P.E.

The poor kid, and the damn teacher. She'll probably get in big trouble for this.

Jack entered the stall, and Adam waited patiently on the outside. "Is there anything I can do to help?" Adam asked. There was no answer. Adam stayed for nearly 30 minutes waiting for a response, he also stood guard incase someone tried to follow and tease Jack, thankfully no one did. When Jack finally emerged, he was asked to bring a fresh set of clothes from his locker. Adam did that promptly, and Jack wordlessly took them. The boy wondered if it would be appropriate to ask him to hang out, in hopes of cheering the other up.

It was another 15 minutes before Jack emerged from the stall. "You okay?" Adam asked. Jack shook his head. "It's okay." He hugged the boy. "You couldn't help it, and the teacher was a bitch for pulling a stunt like that, I hope she gets in trouble for it." Jack nodded in agreement. Jack returned the hug, and it was awhile before he wanted to let go.

"Thank you," Jack said. "You're welcome." Adam replied, "I'm here for you anytime, and don't worry, I won't let anyone pick on you. If they try, they'll have to answer to me." Jack smiled through tears and nodded.

They headed out the door and were getting ready to head home when Adam spoke up. "Say, Jack."

"Hm?" The boy looked over at Adam. "H-how would you like to hang out today? I know you had a stressful day, but I thought it might help ease up the stress from today." Jack gave it some thought. He nodded, "Okay."

"Great," Adam smiled, and they walked out the door. "But first I need to take my clothes home and wash them." Jack said. "Ah, right." Adam agreed, so they did just that, and went on their way.

"Now where to first?"

A/N Thank you so much to those who are reading and enjoying my story, I really appreciate it. Unfortunately I will be going hiatus due to a vacation starting Monday. I will try to get put out what I can until then, I already have some of the next chapter written.

*013*2020-06-09 21:50

{{On 5/9/2020 at 6:49 PM, Shadowdevil said:

This was really good! Too bad no more.

}}

There will be more, I've just been busy lately. I haven't even been to this site in over a month.

*016*2021-07-22 09:02

Chapter 6

A/N I have returned, I am very sorry about the long wait, a lot happened in this chapter, and I had to get everything sorted, also my life has been hectic, so I haven't been writing as much. I hope you enjoy, I can't promise when chapter 7 will be out, but it won't be a crazy long wait this time. I hope you enjoy, I've been very excited about this one.

Chapter 6

The big day was coming up, it had been the big talk of the school all week: The party.

It was being hosted at Chris's house, the kid was more of an aquantince, he's in Adam's 3rd hour.

Pretty much all the kids at school knew, the boy's parents were gone, so it was party on.

At lunch, Adam sat with his usual friends, including Jack, to discuss the weekend.

"I am so stoked for this." Justin said with a mouthful of food.

"I know, this will be the best party ever!" Paul agreed.

"Paul, you've never even been to any parties." Adam pointed out, a playful smile on his face.

"Yes, but this being my first will make it the best ever, maybe I'll finally score!"

Stephanie scoffed, "as is, these parties aren't like what you see in the movie, real women have more class than that."

"Unless you were hoping for the other team?" Adam suggested, the group laughed, Paul's face going red.

"As if, I ain't one of those," rather than playing it off, and laughing with the group, he sounded rather angry at the joke.

The atmosphere went kind of tense after that, until Jack surprisingly broke the silence.

"How are you guys sneaking out?"

"Well, there's a lock in event at St Baptist that night," Stephanie replied, "so we told our parents we will be going to that.

"Not bad," Adam replied, "while my mom is religious, I'm not really, so I know she wouldn't buy into that."

"Yeah, neither would mine," Justin agreed.

###

Finally Saturday rolled around.

Jack and Adam met up at the movie theater at 6:30, Jack convinced his mom they were going to see a movie, then stay over at Adam's, and Jack similar, but vise versa.

"Ready?"

"Let's do this!"

They walked for what felt like ages, until they finally reached the house, which was a half a mile from the theater.

The house as good size, 2 story, and the music was already booming, the two ran up excitedly.

"Welcome, glad you could make it," Chris replied. "Beer's in the kitchen, and please, don't go into any of the bedrooms, also try not to wreck anything, I don't want my parents finding out, because then I won't get to throw another."

They entered the inside, there was quite a large number of kids as is, and there were more coming still.

"Hey boys" Stephanie spotted them and came up to greet them, "why don't you come join me and the boys, we're playing truth or dare."

Adam joined them, after grabbing a beer, he tried to get Jack to join, but the boy seemed more content by himself for some reason, so Adam let him be for thr time being, making a mental note to check on him soon.

###

Adam could feel it, the alchohol was setting in, and he was getting a buzz.

Jack was quiet, tense, slowly sipping his alchohol on the couch. He didn't appear to be enjoying himself much anymore, though he seemed to be doing fine just a little earlier.

Adam took notice, dismissed himself from his other friends, and went over to Jack, plopping himself next to the boy. "W-what's wrong?" His words were a little slurred, as he had been getting a bit drunk.

"It's nothing," Jack insisted, shaking his head, but Adam knew he wasn't telling the truth.

"N-no, I can tell something is wrong," He looked at the other boy with concern, and placed a hand on his shoulder, which was quickly shrugged away.

"I'll be fine," Jack insisted, turning his head towards the couple in the corner, "I just need to wait it out." He knew if anyone heard the truth, they would laugh, so it was best to keep silent.

"Oh," Adam's eyes widened at the realization of what his friend had needed, "alright let's go." He grabbed Jack by the arm, until he was in a standing position again.

Jack gave in, he knew he was being silly, delaying his need could just lead to... another incident.

It took some time, but eventually they found their way to the bathroom.

"I'll be out here, so go in." Adam also needed to go as well, the alchohol had been working it's way to his bladder, he could just go after Jack gets out.

Suddenly, there was a gasp from the other side of the door. "Jack, are you okay?!" Something didn't sound right, no response.

A groan came from the door, followed by what sounded like water hitting water, Adam let out a sigh of relief, thankful his friend had made it.

The sound of the toilet flushing was heard, followed by the sink being turned on and off.

"A-adam?" Jack called out weakly. "I'm here," the boy replied, leaning into the door.

"Can you come in here, please?" The boy did as instructed, and immediately noticed the problem, Jack hadn't made it completely, his pants had a large noticeable wet spot on them.

###

"Uh oh, did someone have trouble making it to the potty?" Nick called out, Jack's face grew red in embarassment.

"Geez, maybe we oughta get you some diapers for the next party," Rick added, who was standing next to Nick.

"Oh get off it," Adam said, "like it never happened to you."

"Yeah," Nick snickered, "when I was like 5 maybe."

"Well it doesn't matter anyway, besides..."

Adam wasn't sure why he did what he did next, whether it was the alchohol talking, or because his overfull bladder couldn't take it anymore.

The ones who were already focused on him, watched in shock as a faint wet patch appeared, and grew down his pant leg. Adam had is eyes closed in both relief, and embarassment as he peed in his pants in a room full of people.

Slowly others began to take notice too, a many were grossed out, but a few seemed oddly mesmerized by the trail of liquid running down his leg.

Eventually his bladder ran empty, then it was only a few drops, before it finally tapered off. It was in that moment, that Adam began to sober up.

"There, now if you want to pick on someone for a little piss, then do it to me, and leave Jack alone!" He turned to the boy who had only a small stain on his crotch, and grabbed him by the arm, "come on Jack, let's go home."

The two pushed through the crowd, Stephanie placed her hand on Adam, but the boy was too focused on getting out the damn door.

Jack was shocked, his friend just peed himself in front of a bunch of people, and it was to protect him.

He had never had anyone do such a nice thing for him, it was always laughing at him.

Adam had done so much for him, and this was the nicest of them all.

He was truly the best friend Jack could hope for.

They walked to Jack's house in silence, he insisted that was there best bet, as they weren't home, and he could just tell his parents he had an accident at the movies, and would feel better at home, they would understand.

After they both showered and got dressed, they sat down on Jack's bed, and played a horror movie, but neither of them really paid attention to it, their mind's were on the incident.

"So..."

"So..."

"I, thanks," Jack said. "Since I was young, I was always the odd one out due to my issue, no one's stood up for me the way you have."

Adam felt warm at that.

"It was no big, it also felt kind of... nice? Well not that everyone saw," he let out a nervous laugh, "but I really had to go, I guess I didn't give it much thought, and suddenly I was going."

Him, a high schooler, intentionally pissed his pants in front of a group of people, his reputation will definitely be different, but since meeting Jack, things like that have become less important.

"The truth is, since I met you, I liked you... well more than just a friend sense, you know."

"Oh," Was all Jack said in response, and hearing that made Adam a little nervous. But then he continued.

"I'm not really sure when I first started to like you, but just now, when you did that at the party, that really solidified my feelings."

They both went red in the face, and were silent for a few.

"I'm glad," Adam replied, "I was worried I might lose you after that confession."

"Heh, lose me? Adam, even if your feelings weren't returned, I still wouldn't want to end our friendship, no one has ever done such kind things for me, after my... incidents, and well,"

Jack closed is eyes, and parted his lips, Adam did the same. Slowly they both leaned until their lips met, it was a soft kiss.

They leaned in a little more, and began to go a little deeper.

Slowly they broke off, and laid down.

Jack was laying on Adam's stomach, who was stroking his hair.

"Does this mean were dating now?" Jack asked.

"I think so," Adam replied, it felt good, he finally has his first boyfriend.

"Then there's something I need to tell you." Jack glanced up at him from his position.

"What is it?" Adam tilted his head with curiosity.

"About these... incidents, the truth is I was in an accident when I was 8, and it left me partially incontinent, I'll have this condition until I die."

"I kind of figured something like that might be the case, but you don't have to worry, I'll always be here in full support if anything happens."

"Thank you, that really means a lot," Jack replied, he felt thankful from the bottom of his heart.

They were both very content tonight, as they fell asleep in that position.

