Delia-Ketchum's-desperation

Author: Anonymous009

*000*2024-01-15 05:56

So I found out that there are not much Delia Ketchum desperations in here, so I made my own one.

In the vast world of pokémon, the mother of alola's champion. Delia Ketchum, sometimes goes on her own adventures.

One day in pallet town, Delia woke late in the morning, feeling a little urge to pee. She ignored it and went to get ready. After getting ready, she went down to do her household jobs. After a while, she comepleted her chores. now she thought this will be the great time to relieve herself, but she was met with a phone call. It was Prof. Oak, he wanted a little help in recording the data of pokémon living in the surroundings of pallet town.

Without wasting time Delia went straight to Oak's lab. After getting some papers and a pen, she went to do her research. Halfway through her job, she felt a need for some hydration, she had been working in the sun since the morning. She grabbed a water bottle from nearby store and emptied it in seconds. after finishing the bottle, she went in the woods to complete her research. She could feel the pressure in her bladder increasing.

As she slowly ventured deep into the woods, she was clearly away from any human settlement. She decided to take the opportunity and went to the nearest tree and sat down, but just as she was about to relieve a meowth popped up from behind the tree and startled Delia, this led to small amount of pee escaping and slightly wetting her panties, She was able to stop it though.

After that encounter luck finally favoured Delia, she spotted a lake. There were many pokémons near the lake. She approached the lake slowly and recorded the behaviours of little monsters that gathered around the lake. Finally, her research was complete. feeling exhausted from working all day, Delia took a little nap by the side of lake.

After a while, Delia woke by the pain in her bladder increasing more and more, She got ready to leave, the sun was getting near the horizon. For a moment she thought of relieving herself in the lake, and went straight for it. But again, when she was about to lower her panties a Magikarp bit her thigh, resulting a big spurt releasing and going straight on the Magikarp's face. She again was able to stop it, but with her panties completely soaked.

She laughed at the magikarp saying "You naughty" and marched towards the town. It was 5 P.M. it has been 7 hours since she started her adventure. Holding her crotch tightly, she reached the lab. Oak welcomed her and requested her to take a sit. The only thing left before relief was to record the data in Oak's lab pc. while Delia was doing it, Oak offered her a cup of tea as sign of gratefulness. Delia even though at her breaking, couldnt say no. She drank it and left the lab, squirming.

While on her way to her house, she thought about going in bushes, but her house was not that away so she held.

After a while she reached her house and she was just a room away from restroom, she heard a knock on door. She could do nothing but open the door. When she did, she was met with a surprise. Ash had came back to kanto, with Serena. She welcomed them, but as soon as she entered, Serena made an excuse to go to restroom. With the restroom occupied, Delia engaged in conversation with her son. Even though she was at her limits, she did everything she could to hide it.

Now when serena came out, Ash insisted they'd go meet Prof. Oak. Delia went to the door behind them. But when, Ash and Serena reached far away from the house, her bladder had already reached its limit, She had made a small puddle below her. Delia quickly ran to the washroom, with a trail of urine following her. At next to the restroom door, Delia's body gave up and a large waterfall emerged, wetting her entire skirt.

After a while Delia manged to clean herself and the proofs of her wetting, Now Delia couldn't help but laugh at the adventures she has done in the day.
