And what can I do?

Author: AlexS

*000*2023-11-07 01:52

Hi, there! I'm trying to write a story on the omo theme for the first time. This is rather my long-standing desire, which is unlikely to ever happen in reality ... To be honest, some of the details will be based on an amazing series of stories by shinobi but I have personally been thinking about the plot of this story for a long time. The first two parts may seem long, but I wanted to express my thoughts in this way and tell more about the characters.

P.S. Sorry for my poor English sometimes.

Part I

What can you think about when your head is not busy with anything? Hardly about study and work. Probably about plans for life. Or maybe about some other moments that you dream about most of all? Fantasies, for example? Someone wants to win the lottery, someone desires a girl drown out of nowhere, someone will get their most coveted treasures. And someone needs someone's suffering. Humiliation, pity, shame. To feel the weakness of another person and sincerely enjoy it...

Yes, unusual thoughts come to me in the morning before school. Well, what's wrong with it? The realization of a hard day ahead comes right after a sweet dream. There is nothing wrong with studying, there are a lot of good moments but it was as if something was missing to get pleasure. Extreme? It is worth going to the rides, and you will get your extreme. But that's not it. What is necessary then?.. I got tired of thinking and switched to today's plans. It seemed like a normal day in the university: new study cases, checking homework, having interesting discussions, some funny moments during breaks or on the lessons. Then going home where there's nothing. Just a computer, the Net, maybe something else…

Having coped with some both depressing and happy moments during breakfast, I changed into my typical clothes. Every day you repeat the same actions: you put on your underpants, today these are bright purple boxers that came across in a stack of things; then socks, black-colored, warm; after looking at yourself in the mirror, you slowly fasten the buttons on a light shirt and put on warm blue jeans. You look at yourself and think, well, maybe someday I'll get lucky? But lucky in what…

While going to the bathroom, an ordinary person, in theory, does not want to stay in it for a long time. Just let out all the recycled biomaterials, take a quick look and check for defects and then go out and immediately forget about it. An ordinary person does not concentrate on secretions as this is a natural process and in our world there are much more problems that should worry consciousness for a reasonable civilized person. And in this regard I am definetely unordinary person.

Outside of special places any excretory processes always cause feelings of disgust and awkwardness. That's how it should be. But I have interest, curiosity and excitement. The last one in particular appears when another person should not experience what they do. Embarrassment, humiliation, shame. You can empathize, even sincerely, but you will never suppress your true sense of pleasure. Obviously, you're trying to deal with a mental disorder, but you won't do anything with it because you don't even want to. Yes, the bathroom process turned out to be a long one in my thoughts…

After getting out I looked at the weather app on my phone. The end of February. Winter. -3 Celcium lasts all day. A cold wind. It will start snowing in the afternoon. Uh... it seems like I sincerely want to enjoy the winter beauty but no matter how hard you try, you still feel uncomfortable most of the time. Especially when you realize that there have been severe frosts recently and now it has warmed up, and fun skating without skates on thinner ice will begin. Such is nature. I put on warm brown shoes, wrapped myself in a scarf and a hat and buttoned up a nice dark blue jacket. I came out of the flat, slipping my shoes on snowy asphalt. Today at least I can bet whether I fall or not, or someone else will. A little of unusual feelings won't hurt even in such a ridiculous way...

And a really cold breeze was beating on my skin. It seemed -3, it seemed rather warm, but the wind was always above the temperature. So I quickly lost the feeling of warmth after leaving home. I reached the bus stop, miraculously without falling, got on the bus and warmed up. I got to the subway without any adventures. Well, how, near the subway, I still drove well on my shoe, putting out my hands and almost losing the balance. I didn't actually want the sight of a crowd of people walking quickly thinking about their business. But at the station, most of the crowd went the other way, towards business and shopping centers. This was good, at least it would be more empty. Maybe I could sit down and rest before studying. Yes, I needed to take a break from the 15-minute trip…

The train, as I expected, arrived half empty. I sat down on a row of seats and was getting ready to sleep again as the atmosphere of subway was always too lulling for me. I was preparing to close my eyes when suddenly felt two slaps on my shoulder. I turned my head and saw my friend, Max. Apparently, the brain was already falling asleep, and I didn't even notice how he sat down next to me.

"Oh, hello!" I was really surprised by the meeting.

"Hi! What's up, Alex?"

"You know, as usual. I woke up, now I'm gonna study, then go home and do nothing. No changes at all"

"Not bad either. I just slept sooo well, mood's sooo... positive. Though it's fucking cold," he replied casually swearing that I've never done in public.

"Well, you dressed too light, and I wrapped myself up," I replied, glancing at his appearance.

"No, that's fine. Yeah, like, I almost always go like this," he smiled slightly. "By the way, since you've nothing to do after lessons, let's go to the shopping center together. I wanted to buy, like... small things. Oneself is too boring and maybe we'll call someone else."

"Hmm, well, why not? Really there's nothing to do in the evening," I smiled and even cheered up a little...

Max and I were good friends. Now chatting and calls are enough for this, it's not even necessary to meet live. Although, I could just be lucky as I seem to communicate a lot at the university, but not as often and as detailed as with him. We've known each other since high school and have always found something in common. Moreover, even one specialty was chosen. But outwardly we were different. We were both in our twenties, but I was quite short, thin, slightly stooped, with a round face, big eyes and short pale hair. Some kind of out-of-date person, or someone like this.

On the other hand, there was a typical representative of today's youth. Max's probably six feet tall, of medium build, with a more elongated face with fine features, as well as expressive dark hair of about medium length. And he dressed well: under an unbuttoned fashionable black jacket, a warm purple jacket was visible, he wore bright blue jeans too short for the cold, as my mother would say, warm white socks and the same sneakers. It seemed stylish...

Along the way, we discussed many more topics of interest to us without stopping the conversation even when leaving the subway. The morning "thoughts about the great" left me by themselves, and I enjoyed the conversation having a calm soul, looking at my feet and around, walking along the top of a small hill. Max started a topic on which I so wanted to say something. And while I was thinking about the answer, he stepped forward, and his foot skidded sharply on the ice, and he lost his balance, leaning towards a steep slope.

I immediately turned around, trying to do something, but the guy was obviously more physically developed, so he quickly grabbed my jacket, almost dragging me down, but was able to stop in time. This was unexpected, I already imagined how we would roll down, possibly hurting some parts of body, and therefore I smiled nervously. Max had eyes wide open and gave out with a laugh: "Ho the fuck was that possible?" I just grinned awkwardly in response, and he added: "God, I almost pissed myself..."

*001*2023-11-11 23:54

Part II

I knew that fear reveals itself in different ways for everyone. Someone can scream, twitch, shake, and someone needs to absorb it into themselves without showing unnecessary emotions. For such a closed person like me, it was necessary not to give out something needless, but to take a blow to the nerves deep into the body. People like Max are able to vent their fear with words. "I almost pissed myself."... That's how one insignificant phrase, familiar to open people for expressing emotions, can cause the most incredible feelings inside someone like me. No, it's not a feeling of happiness, it's something else that opens at a certain moment and spreads warmth from the chest throughout the body. And although I perfectly understood that there was nothing connected with the direct meaning in this phrase, it was enough for me to enjoy...

"Hey, Alex, you frozen?" The voice pulled me out of my thoughts again, "It's like you almost flew off the hill, not me"

"Yeah... I wanted to answer you, but then your flips knocked me down. Not physically, but mentally."

"Wow, you said what? We didn't talk about the meaning of life," he grinned.

"Well, shortly, it was unexpected."

"No, I don't want to slide like that anymore! Let's go slower. Don't hurry, there's a hell of a time before first lesson," having said that, he went carefully, trying to avoid icy places as much as possible…

My cheerful mood gave me hope that I would get some unusual sensations at the university today. But fate seemed to have decided that the morning "scary" moments were enough for me. The usual lesson, the usual breaks, the usual funny situations. Me, Max, other groupmates spent the day as always. Our lessons have never been stupid sitting at a desk and listening to a boring lecturer for an hour and a half. No, we have always had something interactive. Besides, everyone in the group was in their place, there was no one who chose the first googled university. In such a pleasant atmosphere, you really don't notice how time flies. And indeed, it had already darkened outside the window...

For the last half hour, while performing a group task, everyone received a lot of positive emotions. When the lesson finished, there was nothing left but fun and joy. And why should you think about some "wrong" things when you feel so good? Max was also in high spirits, although I'd never seen him in a state of "below zero". People are so lucky…

"Well, are we going now?" He asked, putting on his jacket.

"Yes, one minute, I'll come right now," I replied, not forgetting about the bathroom before going out.

"Oh, you're gonna go? Okay, I'll take it too then".

Visiting a bathroom before going out sounds like a ritual, which exactly was for me. If you feel even the slightest need, you should never suppress it before a long walk, especially in cold weather. I've had experience… Looking at people like Max, you even get jealous when you realize that they don't know trouble, and such process is something like "Well, I can go too, why not". Going into a public toilet is also quite common. Well, unless it's not me, as I concentrate not only on my own affairs, but also on... what if... something unusual's happening in the next stall? No, you don't care at all about how that part of the body looks like without clothes, you don't care at all how the typical process of excretion occurs. But you're interested in what could go wrong…

I came out of the bathroom second, Max was looking for something on the phone. It's a good thing he couldn't read my mind.

"Someone else coming with us?" I asked for the sake of interest.

"Uh, no, everyone has already left, and I don't want to pull someone out of the house."

"Okay, that's fine too."

We went out into the cold. The whole pleasant atmosphere is always good until something worse appears. And when the wind hit the skin with snow flying right to the face, I could confirm this. The sudden temperature drop made my eyes water, my nose leak, and it was right with feeling ice under my feet. Oh, how disgusting it was. I looked at Max. Having thrown on and tightly buttoned his hood, he was walking, looking at his feet, covering himself with the hand from falling snow. I would rather walk to the subway already. There were no other thoughts in such a filth, except how to get rid of this nasty feeling. Finally, the entrance of subway appeared, and we went in. It's warm and pleasant again...

It usually takes a little longer to get to the station near the shopping center than to our's one. There were still a lot of people, so I still had to go to the crowd. At least, it's not cold. Finally, an hour later, we got to the shopping center and immediately went shopping. I didn't really like shopping, but you go with a friend more to talk than to choose something. Yes, after all, communication in reality had a different effect. We walked for a long time, going to clothing stores, where Max chose new sweaters for himself. I was also looking closely trying to find something useful...

I've never been able to calmly look at some pants that attract attention. Whether it's a beautifully dressed mannequin, or a poster with a model, even an ordinary one, but very well combined with the image of pants. I think, I don't even need to talk about underpants...

No, I didn't imagine something that shouldn't be on every underpants and pants. But some secret feeling, not explicable in simple words, did not give rest. Every time when some well-known to you people came in pants that attracted the eye, I couldn't just ignore it. Even for a moment, but some kind of soft impression appeared to me. I didn't need pants, a pair or three of jeans has always been enough, so I was waiting for something from Max. Something that was too close to those very feelings. But not today, he just chose a pair of T-shirts and sweatshirts…

"Let's go eat for now, or what?" He said coming out of another store.

"That's what I just wanted to offer. A mini-lunch in the dining room was clearly not enough for me."

"Huh, yes, the hot dog can't give me anything at all, the Fanta is even more substantional."

"Yeah, I thought you'd drink less," I replied remembering how he qucickly drank a half-liter bottle.

"Well, when your body is big, you need energy, you know," he smiled.

Indeed, my thin body needed food all the time, and I could never refuse extra snacks. And Max just liked to eat something not particularly healthy, but delicious. We were tired of walking, and we were very hungry. The choice at the mall was always great, but we went to Burger King. I always warmed up in winter, so always took tea. After taking fast food, it creates a very pleasant feeling, warming and calming the stomach. But Max always wanted to "make life sweeter", and here you could get as many cold drinks as you wanted…

It's nice, and there were no sad thoughts. Food was no exception. For the whole day, I was already tired of thinking about something obscene, so I was just slowly absorbing junk food, drinking the most ordinary but delicious tea. Max managed to swallow all the food and had already drunk a glass of Cola. "I'll pour another one," I heard, still slowly savoring dinner. I wonder why he needed so much? It would just be cold for me to drink, even after warming up because I realised that soon I would have to go out into the cold.

Having finished with the meal, we were about to leave, but almost forgot to buy the most ordinary products. Of course, it was impossible to miss store. There was always something needed, and something that was unnecessary until you saw it. Finally, after walking the entire length, I looked into the basket, but there were only a few things that fit perfectly into the backpack. At least my hands were free. After paying for the purchases, Max and I left the store. It was time to go home…

"Then... to the bathroom, and let's go," I have suggested, thinking about what I will do at home.

"Oh, you're gonna again? No, I'll wait until home, there's not much left to go."

"Well, as you wish."

I went in with a kind of spellbound state. I looked at the time, then scrolled through the events in my head and thought. 4 hours have passed since leaving the university. It's cold outside. We ate, drank, someone even more than me (I won't point a finger). It's still about an hour to go home. And someone didn't need to go. Good things for someone who does not want to go after all these factors. But I was already tired, and I didn't really want to develop this topic. Calmly relaxing near the urinal, I merged all my thoughts. I came out, and Max was already dressed. He immediately started a new topic of conversation, and everything went quite normally…

Outside the doors of the shopping center, we were met by a much stronger wind with snow. Covering our faces with the hands again, we walked towards the subway. There were a lot of people, but everyone was walking separately, and there was no heat. It seemed to me that the temperature also dropped because I felt the cold in a weaker place, which was my legs, that did not have three layers of clothes, but only jeans. We even stopped talking because it was uncomfortable to open our mouths and waste air on words as well. Nasty senses did not allow you to just walk this path without being distracted by the physical control of your body. It seemed like fifteen minutes to walk to the subway, although previously we walked this distance much faster…

Entering the subway, you finally feel relieved. Nothing flies into you, you just go down a long descent and wait for the train. Max pulled off his hood and began to shake off the flakes of snow, slightly moving his body, apparently cheering up. I also began to clean myself a little, although I realized that there would be such hike ahead. The train arrived, there were already fewer people, but still not enough seats. It takes 15 minutes to get to our station, and we stood at the wall. I warmed up by hugging myself slightly with my arms and then squeezing my palms.

The friend also tried to keep warm by slightly moving his legs from side to side and shaking his upper body a little. The train started moving, and we continued the conversation. I had already warmed up normally, so I listened to Max, who was still continued trembling his legs a little. The topic of conversation was again debatable, and I plunged into thoughts to find suitable answers, when suddenly I was immediately pulled out of myself by the phrase: "Damn, Alex, I have to go badly"...

*002*2023-11-14 22:46

Part III

There are such moments when all the attention switches to one particular place. Each sense organ is strained and seems to start working in a double mode, like some animals which usually use only one of the organs working better than the others. And these situations are followed by a strong heartbeat and increase in temperature because the body does not expect such reaction at all. But at what points does this happen? Usually with a strong fright, or on the contrary, with some very pleasant moment. But hardly when you begin to realize that your friend really wants to go...

"What do you mean?" The parasite question, suitable for any situation, was the first thing that came to my mind.

"I really need to go. I somehow didn't count on it... Thought, we'd get there quickly right now, I'll go home so that I won't have to go to the public toilet once again. I didn't seem to want much, but right now I'm fucking pressed!" Max answered shaking his legs a little and looking around.

"Well, you make it home, right?" I was talking, and with every word my body was getting hotter.

"Fuck... I don't know. I guess, no. I'm already thinking, either to get to ours and run straight to the street into bushes, or even now to go out and go somewhere," his voice was slightly strangled and very different from the one with which he was telling another interesting story.

"Yes, let's get to ours. There is a chance of no bus for a long time afterwards, it's still a long way to go," I said almost automatically.

"Well, damn... okay, though... Three more stations..." he looked back at the train's scoreboard, at his watches, then at his pants...

It ddin't seem like it was that hot on the train. But I realized that I was already starting to sweat a little, so I slightly unbuttoned my jacket, took off my scarf and hat. Max silently took out his phone, got into some social network and began flipping through the tape with trembling fingers, constantly looking at train's scoreboard, although we were still driving in the first tunnel, and the stations did not change. I followed his example by taking out my phone and logging into Twitter, starting to scroll through the tape. Of course, all I saw on the screen were flashing pictures of various colors with a bunch of text. I stood in the corner of the car, turning slightly sideways, pretending to have conveninece, but in fact for more practical observation of the friend…

Of course, Max could spit on my words and run out at the next station, but he was clearly unprepared for such a situation. Then you didn't look at him as an ordinary person who treated going to the bathroom as something insignificant and fleeting, which was not worth dwelling on at all. Then you realize that you were standing above him and knew how things could turn out, and what could happen when you never paid attention to "some bathroom need". I understood that it was probably not my words that stopped him, but his own stupid hope that he would be able to overcome his body and make it in time. I only pushed him to it…

And so, the first station. The people standing near us were about to leave. Max, instinctively moving his fingers on the phone screen, looked around, hoping to sit down. All this time he was slightly twitching his legs, and now, when train was stopping, he crossed his left one over his right. His eyes were running, his lips were slightly opening and closing, there was also a slight redness on his cheeks. He decided to put his free hand in his pocket, which was above his pants, apparently for his own comfort. He was about to sit down, but of course, the guy was immediately prevented by two older men and girls who entered the car. Elderly people, of course, needed to give in, but no one said anything about girls. Yet Max was well-mannered, and he understood that it would be very ugly to rush right in front of their face to an empty seat. He swallowed and sighed softly, shaking his whole body violently…

"Do you really need to go so much?" I asked a question without expecting it for myself.

"Ccan't you see that?! I wanted to sit down so that I could hold better... Fuck, what the heck?... Half an hour ago everything was fine..." he put the phone away and put both hands in his pocket, swapping his legs.

"No, if you sit down, then it will be even harder to get up later," I tried to calm him down, although I understood that I would not help much.

"Right... When will ours already be"... — he told about the station, gritting his teeth...

The warmth spread all over my body, and my heart was pounding several times faster than it needed to. I understood that if I didn't calm down, then could never know what would happen to the body, so I tried to look away from Max. I was so focused on my cardiovascular system that I forgot about another reaction of my body. After all, adults can receive emotions not only pleasant, but also... too pleasant, exciting... And I looked down at my pants already. The jacket was slightly longer than the crotch, so any changes in this area could be hidden. But I felt tension…

We were approaching the second station, and I was looking at Max again, also with my legs crossed, though for a different reason. He looked carefully at the door, but at this station there were always fewer people coming in and out. Then he looked up at the ceiling, shifting his trembling legs and he was clearly moving his shaking hands in his jacket pocket. I looked carefully at his blue jeans and white sneakers, as well as at the place where the problem should have been. I never thought it would fascinate me so much. No, there was nothing unusual about him, but his confused look and slightly trembling body could not stop me. And he wasn't attractive or anything like that, I didn't seem to care about such things, but his feeling of desperation...

"Listen, let's go now? I can't really do it anymore," the friend suddenly asked me when I just shifted my gaze to the smartphone.

"Come on, there's only one station left, you'll get out and go there right away," I said, trying not to show my condition as much as possible.

"Well... Fuck, I may not hold it," he said, sighing slightly, in a low voice.

"There's a short tunnel here! Besides... well, there seem to be a lot of bushes around, and no one will notice... and here's nowhereto go," it seems that my voice began to tremble.

"Well…"

And while he was thinking what to say, the doors closed. The guy immediately went to the door, leaning sideways against the wall. He crossed his legs very much. I seemed to hear some kind of crunch. Meanwhile, I looked around the car, wondering who would look at it. But almost everyone was buried in their phone, and a couple of people were even asleep. The tunnel had turns, so Max had to separate his legs a couple of times and move them back and forth. Then his body was already shaking completely. His black jacket was also shaking along with blue jeans, and white sneakers were moving from side to side. Soon it was time to go out, and I went up to him. "Fuck, just a little more..." he said to me in a completely plaintive voice, blushing even more. I felt the movement in my pants again, and therefore I abruptly took hold of the handrail, stopping all thoughts…

Looking out the window of the door, and then at the shaking Max, I realized how terrible I was as a friend. My true desire was to humiliate and shame someone who has treated you well for so long, with whom you have discussed personal thoughts and experiences many times. But I couldn't stop it. I really expected that then his beautiful blue jeans would become different, that right at that moment everyone would turn around and see it. However, the train began to slow down, our station was announced, and a smile flashed on the face of a very worried Max because he remembered that there were very large bushes and trees right near the station, where no one would see anything. Everything finished so good…

The guy was tapping his fingers on the doors, and his feet were already dancing. We arrived, the doors opened, and he flew out like a bullet, not paying attention to anyone. I couldn't miss the finale of this not very long, but very exciting story for me, and ran after him, but carefully. I was also trembling all over my body realizing that nothing would happen, but I really wanted to see him in the maximum stage of desperation. Max ran up the escalator, quickly jumping over the step with his feet, and I, trying very hard not to stumble, moved with steady steps. The station was shallow, but we had to get tired after climbing the escalator which led to the lobby, and there was still a staircase ahead…

It seemed to me that I heard some swearing and slightly quickened my pace when Max ran up the stairs. Several people were going up and down nearby, holding on to the handrail, but he was obviously thinking only of one thing. I was already calming down, but there was still a feeling of intense pleasure in my head, the trembling did not stop, and I flew up just as quickly as possible. He opened the door and ran out into the street, and I went to the door, having already cast a glance at the bushes. Forgetting that I had to get dressed, I slowed down, buttoned my jacket and started putting on my hat when I almost fell on the slippery floor. And Max... slipped out the door and... His snow-white right sneaker slid back, and the guy, as if playing in a dramatic movie, threw his arms up and instantly fell forward slightly sideways, landing on his elbows and knees...

The sky was dark. Dark enough to distinguish where the snowflakes were falling from, greatly reduced in size compared to those flakes that fell during the day. The wind had also died down, and one could only slightly feel the whiffs passing smoothly over one's face. There was a road nearby, and the noise of cars driving in the distance and buses approaching the stop could be heard. Near the tall bushes and trees there were living houses in which the lights were burning comfortably. 

A couple of Arabian men were standing near the lobby, talking to someone on the phone. A little further away, two girls were looking at something in a smartphone, pointing with their finger. A man was smoking near the bus stop, looking at his watch and into the distance, towards the arriving buses. At the very stop, the elderly women were discussing something in a dissatisfied tone. The bulk of the people accumulated further. And it seemed that there was nothing here that could disturb the peace, until a thud was heard…

I went outside right in the second my friend's body hit the ground. It took me a couple of moments to see that everyone who was standing nearby turned around. After a second, everyone should turn away, seeing that a young guy who is able to stand up on his own has fallen. The usual situation in winter on the street, right? Only one of the Arabians said something to the other, slightly pointing with their fingers. The girl giggled, and her friend, as if she was guilty, covered her mouth. The man slowly pulled the cigarette out of his mouth, exhaling a large cloud of steam and looking at us.

Two women exchanged glances, finished the conversation and carefully looked at the situation. I went over to help get up, as I realized that people's gazes lingered long enough for a reason. Yes, at first it took me a couple of moments to assess the reaction of people around. But only once I blinked, I saw that something happening that caused the heartbeat to block out any noise on the street, and my body froze as if rooted to the spot. The world seemed to stop…

In one second, a huge spot appeared on the crotch area of Max's bright blue jeans. The cloth darkened around the zipper and above the right leg. His eyes, full of horror, looked down, he was clearly trying not to notice anyone. It's only been a second. In two more seconds, the spot expanded, rushing in a small stream down the left leg and a huge one on the right. Max stood up, restraining the flow, and for a couple of seconds everything stopped. But as soon as he got to his feet, the pee, like a geyser, gushed down his right leg, at the same time slightly flowing down his left. He quickly went to the bushes when a few drops began to flow out, apparently near the end of his penis, right in the middle and they immediately fell to the ground turning into a small trickle. On the left leg, the flow stopped near the knee, but on the right, the pee flowed onto the sneakers and then onto the snow. People still didn't turned away…

I didn't turn away either. And what could I do? Just stand by and watch a friend pissing himself. It was impossible to help here. No way. What brought me out of my freezing was not even the fact that Max had gone to the bushes, but the fact that people's eyes would now be directed at me standing near the scene of the "accident". Walking to the bushes, I looked at the people around and realized that everyone was ... all the same? I wouldn't be so sure. Yes, people turned away, but it was clear that they continued to look at what was happening behind the bushes. Especially the girls who were already talking in whispers. I looked down, seeing bootprints and light yellow spots leading to the bushes. The trembling in my body only intensified, my heart seemed to have to break out, and only the cold, most likely, prevented me from fainting. Approaching the bushes, I was thnking about further actions. But when I saw what was there, my body couldn't stand anymore...

*003*2023-11-16 01:01

Part IV

Still the same dark-haired Max stood with a very red face. He didn't cry, but only looked down moving his lips slightly, uttering almost inaudible curses. His hands were shaking, his black jacket was slightly lowered, but it couldn't hide anything. I just fixed my eyes on his jeans. Darkened crotch area, slightly wet left pant leg and almost completely soaked in pee right one, but at least there were relatively clean white sneakers. He was moving awkwardly, trying to shake something off, apparently being in a little shock and not quite understanding what he was doing. And I had had enough. Actually, my body, which I no longer controlled. After all, something was also happening in my underpants now that shouldn't have been...

No, I still didn't want to go to the toilet. But the trembling of the body, extremely pleasant feelings and the pressure of my own crotch gave their result. I felt the first leak. I knew exactly what I was doing now, but I couldn't stop. I just stood there watching my friend's actions and let it out of me with pulsing movements, without stopping... The feeling of thrill immediately gave additional energy to the whole body. It seemed like I had been standing for many hours, but only fifteen seconds had passed. And only Max, saying "Shit!" quite loudly, brought me out of my trance. It dawned on me that he wasn't the only one who had done some things to that moment...

Having looked at my jeans with fear, I breathed a sigh of relief for a while. But after a second, feeling the cold in that place, I realized that the underpants with such an amount and pressure of that substance had to get wet through. I had a long dark blue jacket, so when looking from above, nothing was visible. Turning around to make sure no one was looking, including Max, I lifted my jacket a little and was ready to freeze again. My jeans were originally a darker shade than Max's, but also blue.

And below the crotch, clearly between two legs and slightly to the left, there was a shiny dark spot with the size of a palm. Compared to what my friend had, it was a mini-speck, but I started panicking. If I sat down, everyone would immediately see it and understand everything. But if I wouldn't sit and wouldn't unzip my jacket, then noone couldn't see it without peering. Yes, I tried to calm myself down. But why the hell I was thinking about myself when my friend wsa standing next to me in completely soaked jeans…

"This is..." I didn't know where to start a conversation here, "Mmm... I'll help you if anything."

Max was silent, but stopped senseless movements of his hands on his pants.

"Come on, maybe we'll call a taxi then?" I suggested an option.

"No, they won't let me go there with my look," he spoke in a completely low voice without any emotions.

"Hmm... well, we'll ask them to lay something, what they have? Because it's even worse on the bus. And you'll definetely freeze on foot," I said, trying to help somehow.

"Fuck, I... don't know, Alex... just fuck... how is it even possible... to piss yourself at twenty…" Max, slightly relaxing, shook his head and spoke with pauses, looking at his jeans…

The dampness in my underwear quickly removed the euphoria. Now I realized that Max felt really bad, and I still couldn't do anything. And I couldn't stop setting myself up for the fact that I was also guilty for this because it was I who persuaded him not to go out from an earlier station. Therefore, I tried to make up to my friend as much as possible...

"Well, we can go by bus if we stand in the middle of it, in a corner, covering with a backpack. Of course, it won't be much to hide, but at least somehow," I expressed a possible solution.

"Yeah, let's do that… Yet after ride there'll be a bunch of people on the street and in the yard, and very fucking much children, you know..." he continued pessimistically.

"Okay, we'll figure it out there. Now take off your backpack and let's go to the bus stop.'

"You're coming with me, right?" He looked to my eyes for the first time since talking in subway.

"And what can I do? I need to help. No, okay, if you want, come on, move alone" I said a little angrily.

"No, no! Okay, okay, let's go together..." He put on his hood and took off his backpack, abruptly rejecting at least some thought to go alone, …

We got out of the bushes to the bus stop. On a lighted street, I firstly looked at my problem. At least I din't have to worry about my own jeans, and I glanced at Max. The people who saw his shame had already disappeared, but he was still carefully moving to the stop, closing his right pant leg with a backpack. The jeans looked better from behind, but the spot in the middle and the strip that occupied part of his right leg were still clearly visible. I felt the tension again, but it immediately released me when I felt contact with the sticky surface of the pants, which made me feel uncomfortable…

"Listen, most people won't even remember you, so don't be afraid at all," I told him quietly, trying to calm him down.

"Most of them? Yes, but not all of them. And no way there would be any fucking kids who could take a picture," he replied irritably, but still in a strangled voice...

Fortunately for him, the bus came almost immediately. It was already late, and there were much fewer people, although there was enough in our lane. We decided to enter the middle door last. Maybe it just seemed to me, but I heard someone grinned from behind. So I also took off my backpack, slightly covering the back of Max's jeans with it. To Max's delight, there was no one in the corner, among the standing places. He stood half-sideways, covering his right pant leg with his backpack. I stood in front of him, trying to cover his left one. Of course, I looked around to see if there were many people looking at us. A heavy woman of about forty-five assessed us with a stern look, but almost immediately turned away out the window. The rest of people were looking at their phones. Max, as it turned out, was also looking around. Our eyes met, we smiled, and the bus started moving…

My hands were numb, and I changed the position of the backpack, trying to cover his jeans. We were on the bus for a long time, about twenty minutes, and I had no idea at all how Max wanted to endure all this distance when he first felt the urge in the mall. We weren't scrolling social media as usual, but were looking out the window, at each other and, most importantly, at the people around us. However, no one ever looked at us. The bus finally arrived, another man came out with us, who didn't seem to be looking at the phone, but didn't pay attention to the wet jeans at all. Or maybe he did, but he didn't want to embarrass my friend. Max rented his apartment and lived alone, so I wasn't going to count on someone else's reaction at home. The guy was decent, kind of handsome, very friendly, but he had some bad luck with girls, and I was always surprised about it...

I didn't visit him often, but I knew where the apartment was located. That's why I was confused when he said about "a bunch of people and very fucking much children", although everything that happened on his street was just like on ordinary streets. Several people were walking in the distance, one girl next to us, this is certainly not a "bunch". Seeing that there was no one close, Max relaxed and carried the backpack to the side, and I put mine on my back.

We went into the courtyard, where children were actually playing on the playground. But they all were clearly no older than elementary school, and there were mothers standing next to them, some with strollers, chatting about something. I grinned when I found out that this was all that he was afraid of. Though, looking at the dark stripes on his jeans again, I realized that in his place I would be afraid of any person at all. Max's home was already nearby, and in five minutes we reached it. The lights were burning very dimly, and if someone was going to look at us, it was unlikely that they would have noticed something...

" It seems like no one seen nothing. Well, almost no one..." I was going to say goodbye to my friend with a slight smile and a pleasant voice.

"Yeah, almost, damn it! Only fucking a lot people near the subway, so everything is fine, yeah..." he spoke easy, having calmed down.

"Come on, everyone will forget. Seriously. Well, bye then?"

"Hey! Come to me, since you're here. Like, you've already gone to hell because of me, so what now? Leave right away? We'll play PS, tomorrow is the day off," he suggested quite suddenly.

"Damn, for some reason I thought today is Friday. Well, if that's the case, then come on, okay," trying to seem friendly, I really decided to come in and play, since the day off is so near...

It was an ordinary appartment building, Max lived on the seventh floor. Of course, we could have gone on foot, but why hurry now? And therefore we decided to wait for the elevator. Going inside, we were supposed to warm up, but I realized that I was still hot from the moment I ran up the escalator. The elevator arrived, had not yet opened the doors, and then the door started to open behind us...

As if with one brain for both of us we, flew into the cabin pushing together and almost simultaneously pressing the floor button. Through the closing doors we saw a woman who had already managed to enter the house, but the elevator doors closed faster. Both looked at each other and laughed awkwardly. Arriving at the floor, Max carefully poked his head out, looked around, but of course there was no one on the stairs. We quickly approached the apartment, he turned the key and opened the door, going in first and throwing the backpack. I went in the back and locked the door. "Oh, fuck!" This time he loudly shouted a cry of relief to the whole apartment. And then it dawned on me that I decided to come in for a reason…

Of course, playing Play Station was always cool, but that's not the main reason at all. I missed the last step, the last emotion... To see what the guy made with his underwear. Having said this in my head, I suddenly began to realize that this was already beyond the scope of a simple interest in desperation. Max took off his jacket and stood in his fashionable purple sweatshirt. I also unzipped my jacket and took off my hat. He pointed to the hallway, saying, "Just hang it here." I slowly took off the jacket, without taking my eyes off his wet jeans which seemed very exciting in the bright light. I felt the excessive warmth again and thought I heard heartbeat again. Max was already taking off his jacket, exposing a white T-shirt, when he suddenly asked...

"Yo, and when did you do that?"

"What?.." I came out of a pre-euphoric state.

"What's this spot," he said, pointing to my jeans and smiling, "You didn't make it too?"

Now my heart was pounding not from excitement, but from fear. I completely forgot about my accident, which was well hidden under the long jacket that I had just taken off. I looked at the stain, which was still here but stopped shining and was covered with a white plaque, very similar to the color of jeans on the knees...

"Uh, well..." I stumbled, trying to pick up a thought... "Yes. I also wanted to go for a long time, and you made me laugh in the elevator, so I lost a bit…"

From what I just gave out, my body shook, blood rushed to my head, and I obviously blushed. For the first time in my life, I told someone something so detailed related to the toilet. Yes, it was a complete lie, which, of course, was much easier to say than "I cummed from how you pissed your pants"…

"So go now, I definitely "lost" everything that was possible," he finally took off his jacket.

"No, I immediately shrank sharply, so I don't want to yet. You're the first," and I smiled too.

"Holy shit... Okay, but I'll take a shower right away. I'll bring you some clothes first," Max said, taking off his sneakers. On his right white sock, the spot was only on the middle part.

"Wait, what?" his words suddenly reached me, "Where? Why? I'll go like that, what are you doing? It's not visible under my jacket!"

"Yeah... and you'll fucking freeze. I am sure that I will get sick later. And it's only outside the pants, but what's inside? Just show me!" he asked it in a proud voice, straightening up...

I swallowed and bulged my eyes. I moved my legs a little, trying to figure out if I heard the question correctly...

"W-what? No, you first!" Being confused, I said the first thing that came to mind.

"Fuck then. Here you are!"

Unexpectedly for me, Max started to take off his jeans. He unbuckled the belt, unfastened the button and unlocked his completely wet zipper. I exhaled heavily, trying to keep my composure and not show unnecessary emotions. He pulled off the top of his bright blue jeans, under which were the same bright blue boxers. Well, not really bright blue. A huge spot was spreading from his penis, even higher than it should have been. Most of all, of course, to the right side. He turned around, looked behind him, and there was also a noticeable mark on the back of his underwear…

"Ugh, if you look at the underpants, it's not so bad, huh! But jeans... Fuck... Really bad..." he again ran his eyes along the trail of the accident.

"Hey, it's easy to wash off. Probably..." I tried as much as possible not to show that I knew more about such cases.

"I hope so. Well, what about you?"

I thought that he had already forgotten what he wanted because I really didn't want to show what was happening in my pants at all. If everything glittered there with clear white spots, he would immediately realize that something was wrong…

"Well, here it is…" With these words, I quickly unbuckled the belt, also unfastened the button and unzipped. Exhaling again, I pulled down my jeans. There was a large dark spot on the bright purple boxers, which really shone a little. It seemed that the spot near the penis was even bigger than Max's. But, unlike his case, it did not spread far and was clearly in the middle, going slightly to the left. I watched his reaction. He grinned…

"Well, it's also a lot, so consider you pissed yourself too. Fuck, what are we doing at all? Max asked, suddenly shaking his head, as if returning to reality. I realized what we look like. Both stood with our pants down, looking at each other's boxers and assessing them. After this, there was usually a continuation described in erotic stories. But not today...

"I dunno, but I hope no one sees us," I replied.

"Yeah, we've gone somewhere too far. But you seem to know me well, I'm not... you see..." he smiled, putting his jeans back on.

"And you know me, that's why I was surprised," I followed his example.

"Huh, this day is exactly fucked up. I don't understand everything going on. So, I'll bring you clean clothes and a towel?"

"And... we have different sizes. I thought you said today, which one, I've already forgotten.

"Just M. So I have a bunch of old pants. Okay, going home, but are you going to play in wet jeans right now, or what? And you'll definetely get into my underwear anyway, our "things" don't seem to be much different there, ha-ha," he grinned.

"And that's a fact. Okay, come on," I also grinned and surprisingly to myself agreed...

I remained waiting in the corridor, also faintly understanding what was happening. It was difficult to find a more appropriate word for his description of the day. Max was still walking around with his soaked jeans. He brought good black boxers and really old, battered sweatpants, also black, as well as a towel. It's not bad enough to sit, play, and then get home…

"That's it. So, I'll go. Wait then," he was unzipping his jeans again, going into the bathroom, but stopped, "Alex... thank you... Really. I don't know. I could just stay on the street... I really had no idea what to do…

"Come on, what could I do?" I smiled, interrupting my friend. And really, what could I do when I delayed the time myself, allowing the situation to get worse…

Max closed the door. Honestly, I expected the worst reaction from my body. The last minutes in his apartment caused a state of pleasant euphoria with loud clear heartbeats, muffled hearing and slight trembling. But what was this euphoria coming from?.. Having seen my friend's boxers, there was no explosion or splash. And he didn't show much emotion at the sight of mine as well. I heard the shower turn on, but I didn't want to look behind the door. No, after all, we are not... And nothing more happened only because the body had spent all its strength on the street…

The evening was not over yet, there was a fun game ahead on the Play Station, then maybe something else (hopefully decent). But that day both of us clearly experienced something that we could not even think about. What could have happened in someone's terrible dreams or sweet ones, though everything could have ended worse. But sitting in the hallway in slightly soaked pants, holding clean boxers, pants and hearing the water jets, I understood that sometimes there was not enough extreme in life. And it shouldn't always end in something creepy. Sometimes you get what you wanted, that you will remember forever, that will give you the pleasure for remembering it with a pleasant smile.

The end

