Laura's Ultrasound

Author: alleycat89

*000*2023-06-29 12:54

Laura wakes up to the sun coming in her window. She is wearing a pair of pink panties. The delicate fabric feels gentle against her skin as she stretches and makes her way to the bathroom. As she stands in front of the mirror, she runs a brush through her tangled chestnut hair before glancing at the empty glass on the counter. She knows she needs to fill it up immediately. She heads downstairs, feeling a mix of excitement and nervousness about the impending ultrasound.

&&

In the kitchen, Laura fills a tall glass with cold water, the condensation forming droplets on the outside. The sunlight streams through the window, casting a warm glow over the room. She takes a seat at the kitchen table, the smooth wood cool beneath her fingertips. As she sips the water, she can't help but feel a sense of anticipation for what the ultrasound might reveal. The clock on the wall ticks slowly, and she wonders how long it will take for her bladder to become full enough for the scan.

Two hours before her appointment, Laura decides to take a refreshing shower. She enters the bathroom, the cool tiles under her bare feet sending a shiver up her spine. She turns on the faucet, adjusting the knobs until the water is just the right temperature. As the steam begins to fill the room, she undresses herself, slowly slipping off her pink panties and stepping out of them.

&&

Laura steps into the soothing cascade of water, the droplets gently caressing her skin. She runs her hands through her wet hair, the lather of the shampoo filling the air with a pleasant scent. Closing her eyes, she allows herself to relax, relishing in the peaceful solitude of the shower. The stream of water trickles down her body, washing away any tension that had built up within her. After a thorough wash, she turns off the faucet, feeling refreshed and ready to face the day ahead.

After her relaxing shower, Laura wraps herself in a plush towel, the soft fabric absorbing the droplets clinging to her skin. She walks back to her bedroom, where her outfit for the day awaits her. From her neatly arranged closet, she pulls out a pair of dark blue jeans, their snug fit hugging her curves in just the right way. She carefully slips into the jeans, the cool fabric sliding up her legs and securing at her waist.

Next, Laura selects a loose, flowy blouse in a pastel shade of lavender. The lightweight material feels airy against her skin as she pulls it over her head, the fabric cascading down to her hips. The blouse's delicate floral pattern brings a touch of femininity to her ensemble. She fastens a delicate silver necklace around her neck and slides on a pair of simple silver earrings.

&&

Laura heads downstairs, her newly dressed self moving with a hint of urgency as she nears the kitchen. As she walks, she can't help but notice a subtle pressure building in her lower abdomen, a gentle reminder of the growing need to relieve her full bladder. The sensation is akin to a persistent but manageable ache, causing her to become increasingly aware of the weight in her pelvic area.

In the kitchen, she stands next to the sink, her hand gripping the faucet tightly as she takes a deep breath. The glass in front of her awaits, ready to be filled with the necessary water to maintain her full bladder for the ultrasound. The sound of the rushing water echoes through the room as she fills the glass, the liquid cascading in a steady stream. As she takes her first sip, she feels a twinge of discomfort in her abdomen, a reminder that her bladder is already beginning to reach its limits. The urgency to use the bathroom grows stronger with each passing minute.

Laura grabs her car keys, feeling a mix of excitement and discomfort as she heads out the front door. The sun casts a warm glow over the neighborhood, the chirping of birds filling the air. She walks briskly towards her car, her steps slightly altered by the increasing pressure in her full bladder. As she reaches the vehicle, she delicately lowers herself into the driver's seat, wincing slightly at the added pressure against her abdomen.

The engine purrs to life as she turns the key, the sound resonating through the car. She adjusts the rearview mirror, her gaze meeting her reflection. Her eyes reflect determination, mixed with a slight uneasiness caused by her increasingly uncomfortable bladder. She takes a deep breath, gripping the steering wheel tightly as she begins her drive to the ultrasound appointment. With each passing moment, the pressure in her bladder seems to intensify, making her acutely aware of the importance of arriving at the clinic on time.

Laura arrives at the ultrasound clinic, her bladder now noticeably full and causing a persistent discomfort. She walks up to the front desk, where a friendly receptionist greets her with a warm smile. She checks in, providing her name and appointment time. As the receptionist reviews the schedule, her smile fades slightly, and she informs Laura that there will be a delay in seeing the sonographer.

Laura's heart sinks a little, as she had hoped to have the ultrasound completed as soon as possible to alleviate the growing discomfort in her bladder. Nevertheless, she puts on a polite smile and thanks the receptionist for the update. She takes a seat in the waiting area, trying her best to find a comfortable position despite the increasing pressure in her lower abdomen. Glancing around the room, she sees other expectant mothers, their anticipation palpable as they wait for their turn. The minutes tick by slowly, the passing time accentuating the persistent need to relieve herself.

&&

Thirty minutes have passed, and Laura's desperation intensifies with every passing moment. She shifts in her seat, crossing her legs tightly in an attempt to exert some control over her increasingly urgent need to empty her full bladder. The discomfort has grown more pronounced, causing her to fidget restlessly as she tries to find any form of relief.

With each passing second, it becomes harder for Laura to focus on anything else. She feels a constant pressure against her lower abdomen, the fullness becoming almost unbearable. She casts a worried glance at the receptionist, hoping for any sign that the sonographer will be ready soon. The ticking of the clock on the wall becomes almost mocking, echoing the slow passing of time and the unyielding need within her. The urgency rises, and she can't help but squirm in her seat, desperately seeking any form of relief.

Another painful fifteen minutes have passed, stretching the waiting time to a full forty-five minutes since her scheduled appointment. The ache in Laura's bladder has reached its peak, causing her to wince with each movement. Every step she takes feels like a jolt of discomfort as she cautiously makes her way into the exam room, her desperation evident in her eyes.

The sonographer, understanding the urgency, meets her with a sympathetic smile. Laura's gait is careful and deliberate, her legs pressed tightly together in a desperate attempt to hold back the mounting pressure. She is guided to the examination table, where she gingerly eases herself onto the surface, her face twisted with discomfort. The coolness of the vinyl beneath her offers little solace in contrast to the painful fullness in her bladder.

The sonographer begins to talk with Laura, her voice calm and empathetic, as she tries to ease the tension and distract Laura from her discomfort. Meanwhile, Laura's patience wanes as her bladder continues to protest against the prolonged wait. She squirms in her position on the examination table, her legs crossing and uncrossing rhythmically as she desperately seeks any form of relief.

With each passing second, it becomes harder for Laura to concentrate on the conversation. The need to empty her full bladder consumes her every thought and action. She inhales deeply, trying to find a momentary distraction from the intense pressure that seems to be mounting inside her. The gentle rise and fall of her breaths provide her some fleeting respite, albeit insufficient to alleviate her growing discomfort.

Finally, the moment that Laura had been waiting for arrives. The sonographer instructs her to remove her pants and panties, a flush of both embarrassment and relief washing over her. With a mixture of urgency and awkwardness, Laura complies, her movements slightly clumsy as she quickly removes her clothing. She lays down on the examination table, feeling a sense of vulnerability as she exposes herself to the sonographer.

&&

Taking a deep breath, Laura spreads her legs as instructed. The cool air in the room grazes her exposed skin, and she can't help but feel a heightened awareness of her own body. As the sonographer prepares the ultrasound equipment, Laura's discomfort momentarily takes a backseat to a curious anticipation, knowing that this procedure will provide valuable insights into her health. Despite the discomfort, she reminds herself of the necessity of the scan and focuses on the present moment, ready to cooperate fully.

&&

With each passing moment, Laura's exposed pussy responds with a heightened state of sensitivity to the cool air in the room. The pulses and spasms of her bladder's fullness resonate with increasing intensity through her loins, and she finds herself struggling to contain the insistent throb. She can feel her pussy swelling with pressure, the urgent need for relief becoming more and more urgent.

As the sonographer begins the scan, Laura takes deep breaths in a desperate attempt to focus. However, her bladder's fullness and the increasingly unbearable need for release consume her every thought. Her squirms and fidgets in her position, her lips parting in a silent moan as her pussy throbs with need. She wavers on the razor-thin edge of control, desperately hoping to maintain composure long enough for the scan to be completed.

&&

As the sonographer maneuvered the ultrasound wand, trying to get a better image, their pressure increased briefly on Laura's lower abdomen, causing a momentary spasm. A sudden and discreet dribble of urine escapes Laura's labia, leaving her feeling both embarrassed and relieved. Her face flushes with embarrassment, but she tries her best to remain still and think of something else. She briefly wonders if the sonographer had made note of her accident but quickly dismisses the thought.

The urgency grows stronger as the sonographer continues the exam, and Laura's focus becomes increasingly compromised. The fullness of her bladder and the mounting unease have reached an unbearable peak, leaving her with no choice but to seek the nearest restroom at the earliest opportunity. With each passing moment, she can feel her control slipping, making it harder and harder to maintain her composure. Her pussy continues to pulse, her urge to urinate becoming more and more insistent.

Laura's need for relief is now at its peak. She lies trembling on the examination table, her bladder contracting and pussy aching with discomfort. Every second feels like an eternity as she struggles against the mounting urge to pee. It feels as though her bladder has grown, the pressure increasing with each passing moment. She can feel her control slipping, her legs trembling with the effort of holding on.

The sonographer continues to work on the scan, unaware of the desperate situation in Laura's bladder. Their gentle probing causes an additional sensation of discomfort, to which Laura can barely respond. Her entire body seems to be pleading for release. However, Laura tries her best to maintain her composure, determined to hold on just a little longer until the scan is complete. Every muscle in her body is taut, clenching against the urge to let go. The ticking of the clock on the wall marks each passing second, seeming to taunt her with the slow progression of time. Laura is barely able to focus her attention, with her desperation for release becoming all-consuming.

Finally, the sonographer finishes with the scan. Laura lets out a sigh of relief, but she knows there are still a few final images required to complete the scan. The sonographer requests to use a transvaginal ultrasound, and Laura knows that her discomfort is far from over. She spreads her legs wider as is instructed, her heart racing with anxiety as the sonographer prepares the necessary equipment.

As the probe is inserted into her vagina, Laura gasps at the sudden sensation of pressure. It feels both invasive and uncomfortable, but she tries her best to keep still. Her muscles clench involuntarily, a reaction to the discomfort of the insertion. She can feel the probe pressing against the fullness of her bladder, and the sensation only increases her desire to urinate. She closes her eyes and takes a deep breath, hoping to remain in control long enough for the final images to be taken. The fullness of her bladder combined with the sensation of the probe only enhance her sensitivity, and she feels herself shuddering with discomfort.

&&

&&

&&

After regaining her composure, Laura lies there, almost on the verge of completely wetting herself. The sonographer continues the exam, but all Laura can think about is her urgent need for a bathroom. She moans and shakes, her entire body trembling with discomfort. She can barely focus on the exam anymore, with her mind focused solely on the urge to relieve herself.

The sound of the ultrasound machine fills the room, but to Laura, it feels like a distant hum. Instead, all she can feel is the intense pressure in her bladder, and the overwhelming need to find relief. She squirms and fidgets on the table, her legs trembling with renewed intensity. The desire to urinate has become borderline unbearable, the fullness of her bladder causing her to shake uncontrollably. She is barely able to form coherent thoughts, with all her energy focused on holding on just long enough to finish the exam.

The exam is finally completed, and the sonographer removes the wand from Laura's vagina. She exhales a sharp breath, exhaling with relief. However, now that the exam is over, the urgency to empty her bladder only intensifies. She tries to rise up from the examination table, but her legs tremble with the strain of holding back the flood of urine that she knows will come if she moves too quickly. Her access to the bathroom seems to be inches away, yet she feels as though it remains out of reach.

Laura looks around her, searching for any solution that can help her delay the urgency long enough to get to the bathroom. However, it all feels futile, with her body on the brink of losing control. She tries to summon all her strength, knowing that any delay would lead to a complete loss of control. She takes a deep breath, her eyes now focusing on the closest bathroom which seems miles away. She tries to concentrate and summon the last ounces of control within her, slowly getting up from the examination table, praying she will make it to the bathroom without further incident.

Laura's worst fears had come true - as she tried to stand up, she feels a sudden warmth spread rapidly through her crotch. The intensive pressure of the urine that had accumulated in her bladder had finally taken its toll, and she feels it gushing out of her uncontrollably. Her cheeks flush with embarrassment and she tries to quickly cover herself, but it was too late, the damage is already done. She feels her urine running down her legs and puddling on the ground below.

The sonographer was quick to grab some paper towels, attempting to help with the mess - while doing her best to hide her own embarrassment for Laura's situation. As for Laura, she feels a mixture of shame and defeat. She has just soiled herself in a public place, a situation that most adults would find embarrassing. She tries to control the flow of urine, tightening her pelvic muscles instinctively, but it seems like she has lost all control down there. The humiliation she feels seems almost unbearable - her mind racing with thoughts of what the medical team would think.

The sonographer expresses empathy and assures Laura that accidents like this are common in their line of work and that she should not feel embarrassed.

&&

*003*2023-06-30 02:51

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

Hot story and pictures! I think more plot would have made the story even better. Like why exactly she is getting the ultrasound. Dialogue between Laura and the sonographer also add a lot to the story. They wouldn't stay quiet during these sequence of events.

Lastly, I'm guessing Laura's round abdomen is meant to be a bladder budge, but it is so big and high up that it looks like she's pregnant. I know it is AI generated, but just thought I should mention it in case it can be improved.

}}

The idea was that she was pregnant. I'll probably work on redoing some of these stories in the future, with as you say more dialogue and detail. Didn't have a ton of time right now.

*005*2023-06-30 10:33

It happily generates images with no clothes without issues for me. I don't know.

