Prove it

Author: arachnadam

*000*2026-02-21 16:44

My fingers brushed the bottom of the glass bowl, only finding a few fragments of potato chip.

“Out of snacks already?” I asked.

The other three looked – at me, at the bowl, then back towards the door inside to the kitchen.

“Wasn’t there another bag?” offered Lizzy.

“No, we didn’t think we’d be here that long,” said Cam. He leaned back in the deck chair he’d pulled alongside the table. “We were going to head out to the pub before 2.”

“Weather’s too nice for that,” I said. The sun was beating down on the little courtyard we had out the back of our house but a few years of fairly lacklustre garden maintenance meant all three sides were both well shaded and blocked off the view of other houses in our terrace. “Unless you all have a pressing need to be indoors, let’s just stay here.”

“Fine,” said Cam, “but we need more supplies then. We’re also nearly through our beers.”

“And coke for me,” Lizzy interjected.

Carol stood up and started picking up empty glasses. “I’ll go to the co-op, Cam can you come help me carry?”

I could tell Cam was not entirely thrilled with the idea but he’d never really been able to refuse Carol – partly from her enthusiasm to do anything which was infectious, but partly a little more than that. He clambered up from his reclined spot with less zip than Carol had but also started moving towards the door inside.

“Hang on,” I called, “bring us back a fresh jug of water at least before you go.”

“We’ll be ten minutes!” Cam protested, but I could see Carol was already at the sink even peering into the cool dark of the kitchen. She emerged with a large glass jug of water and left it on the table.

“Ok, any requests, text us quickly,” she said. Cam had already disappeared and Carol followed him. The door swung back behind them and clicked shut unnoticed.

“Water?” I offered Lizzy.

“Oh yes please,” she said, sitting up straighter to reach the table. I poured for her, and then for me as she lifted her glass taking a few big sips. “It’s so warm today.” She stood and moved carefully around the garden furniture towards the door. I watched her go, her floral summer dress barely swaying in the still summer air, flip-flops patting the terracotta tiled floor.

“Is there a trick to this?” she asked. I snapped slightly out of my reverie. Lizzy was standing by the door, gripping the handle.

“Wait - did that close?” I asked in return.

“Obviously it did. Is it locked?”

“Ah yeah it will be. It auto locks.”

“Ok chuck me the key then.”

I patted down my pockets, then glanced across the table. Lizzy watched with her head tilted slightly to one side, and, I imagined, eyes probably narrowed behind her large brown sunglasses.

“Sorry, no luck. I must have left them inside. We’ll have to wait til Cam and Carol get back.”

Lizzy groaned. “Are you serious?”

“They’ll be ten minutes, it’s across the road and down the street. What’s the rush?”

“I need the bathroom. We’ve been drinking since 11.” She started to make her way back to the table but lowered herself into the deck chair that Cam had vacated earlier and leant back. “Pass me my water?”

“Sure,” I said, smiling slightly, “but is that wise?”

“I’m not a child. You said 10 minutes, I’m just annoyed about it.”

“Fair,” I laughed. “So how’s your thesis going?”

We chatted casually. It was a truly perfect day in the dappled sunlight, and I was enjoying the warmth of the tiles under my feet and a light breeze that waxed and waned through the leaves of our greenery. I was also enjoying watching Lizzy as we talked, when she repositioned slightly with a small grimace.

“How long have they been?” she asked abruptly.

I checked my phone. “Thirty minutes or so. Hang on, I’ve got a message from Cam.” I pulled it up and started reading. “’Co-op like a warzone, we’re jumping in my car and heading to the big Tesco.’ That was fifteen minutes ago so they’re probably just back and left.”

“Well can you ask them to come in first and let us back in?”

I texted Cam – ‘You locked us out, can you let us in before you drive?’ but even as I sent it, I had a second thought.

“I’ll try Carol as well, if they’re already driving Cam won’t see it.” I sent the same message to Carol and set my phone back down on the table. “That bad huh?”

“I’m fine,” Lizzy protested, “I just need to pee and don’t want to wait around for those two. You know what they can be like, they’ll be in their own world.”

“True. They’ll probably do a few laps of the block just to sing along to the radio before they even leave.”

My phone cut us off. I picked it up and read out Carol’s message: “’Sorry, we’re already on our way. But we left you plenty of water and we’ll be quick!’”

Lizzy sat back in the deck chair and cross her legs at the ankle. If I hadn’t already been looking for it, I would have thought she looked the picture of relaxation. “The water isn’t really the issue…” she trailed off.

“You could always go in the garden,” I suggested. “It’s pretty sheltered from view.”

Lizzy sat up straighter and looked over her shoulder at the rear of the courtyard. Several tall trees ran along the back fence and with leafy branches starting low down their trunk, they effectively shielded us from the row of houses that ran behind us. The other houses in our terrace could potentially see in from their second stories, but more foliage on one side, and the kitchen extension of my house created at least one spot of garden almost entirely private.

“Maybe,” Lizzy said, “but I don’t want to piss in your back yard! What if they come back right as I’m squatting? God, can you imagine?”

I could.

“Suit yourself,” I said. “I guess they shouldn’t be much longer.”

Lizzy pulled her phone out of her pocket and started scrolling. Her left hand rested on her thigh but her fingers were drumming rhythmically. I leaned back and decided to follow her example. She clearly wasn’t going to be a riveting conversational companion in this state.

Ten minutes passed, then another ten. Lizzy hadn’t stopped scrolling or fidgeting except to sip water as the heat had only intensified. I had most of my attention on my phone, but couldn’t help glancing her way regularly. It meant I nearly jumped when another message came through.

“’Traffic is mad and there seems to be some roadblocks up. Will keep you updated!’” I read out, and then realisation dawned. “Oh it’s match day. The stadium is just across from the shopping centre and they always shut down the surrounding roads to let fans walk in. I should have thought of that.”

I probably shouldn’t have voiced that last thought either. Lizzy was clearly annoyed enough that she’d forgotten her discomfort, raising her eyebrows visibly above her sunglasses. “So how long will they take to drive back then?”

I did a little mental maths and winced. “They probably haven’t even got there yet. It’s normally a ten minute drive without traffic and they left maybe half an hour ago – if they’re still in the car there’s no way they had time to get round all the diversions, shop, get back in the car and be on their way.”

“Fuck. So what, they’ll be another half hour at least?”

“At least. Best case they’ll probably be back in an hour; maybe longer depending on how crowded the supermarket is.”

Lizzy bit her bottom lip and seemed to stare off into the distance for a few seconds. “Is there no way we can get back inside?”

I was tempted to dismiss the possibility out of hand but the look on her face made me take it seriously. “Well… we could climb over one of the fences and see if my neighbours are in and can let us through. But that might be tricky given the state of the garden.”

The gorgeous greenery that kept the courtyard relatively private was now a barrier. I stood up and looked round properly for a break in the trees that I could potentially push through and climb. There was one – we’d had to remove one large bush that had carried some sort of infection (or something, I’m not a tree doctor) in winter and the two neighbouring plants hadn’t fully spread into the space.

“Alright,” I said, “but only because you asked so nicely.”

“Thank you!” Lizzy replied with a grin. Even as I was turning back to the fence I spotted that her left hand was now buried between her legs – not as subtly as I think she intended.

The fence was a wooden slatted fence with the two cross-rails on our side, one low and one high. I pushed off the lower rail with one foot and grabbed the top to get a look into next door’s yard. Cam and I had only moved here nine months earlier and we’d not seen much of our neighbours. The view that confronted me was of a courtyard laid out much like ours though with no garden furniture, significantly less greenery, and one very large, very confused dog.

We locked eyes for about 10 seconds, both waiting for a sign from one of us to determine how we were going to navigate this situation.

“What are you waiting for?” called Lizzy from behind me. Immediately the dog started growling. It was some sort of German Shephard-like breed with a long snout that was curling back to reveal an intimidating set of teeth. The growl was pitched low and I decided I’d rather face the wrath of one desperate woman rather than that of a bored and territorial hound.

“No way through there,” I said as I dropped back into the safety of my yard, “I didn’t even know they had a dog.”

“Oh! What kind of dog?” demanded Lizzy. “You’re not backing down from a spaniel are you?”

“More of a wolf,” I said, “and with an attitude to match. Sorry, I think we’re genuinely stuck in here.”

Now that I was back to safety, I could focus on Lizzy again. Either she’d been hiding her state well to this point, or the news that we were in this for the long haul had broken her composure. Her hand was still between her thighs, trapping her dress, her legs were crossed over at her knee, and she was rotating her hips as she sat – a small but visible movement.

“Ok. Ok. Can you text Carol again? Maybe they’ve gotten in.” Her voice was tense – and a glance at the table gave me more insight. The water jug was already two thirds empty and I’d barely had half a glass. Her desperation was clearly accelerating.

“Sure,” I replied. But before I could finish typing, Carol sent an update: ‘We’re still in traffic. Cam reckons fifteen minutes to the car park if we get some luck. How are you doing?’

I hesitated before reading it out. Lizzy was holding her phone but at the angle I was now sat, I could see her eyes were shut behind her sunglasses, her wriggling more pronounced.

“They’re still on their way,” I said. “Might be another hour, hour and a half it seems.”

“Another hour? I can’t…” Lizzy was talking half to herself now. She went to stand up but as she’d been reclining on the deck chair, this took multiple movements and ended with her standing but bent half forward, legs twined, both hands between her legs. “Fuck, fuck, fuck,” she said under her breath, bouncing slightly.

I was fairly riveted. Lizzy is not a tall woman so leaning forwards, head down, her dark hair was framing the top of her dress which I could see straight down. Her maroon bra with a minimal hint of lace was clearly visible around her tits, though I wasn’t sure whether that was a more or less captivating sight than the bunching of her dress as she clutched herself; pulling the hem up high enough to expose more than half the length of her thighs. They were fully tensed, pressing hard together and trembling slightly.

The moment passed – Lizzy relaxed slightly, straightened, and walked carefully back to the door to the kitchen. She was moving almost gracefully if it wasn’t for the hand she kept cupping her groin, though I could no longer see the effect as her back was turned. Reaching the door, she gripped the handle again and twisted hard.

“Dammit!”

“Sorry Lizzy, it’s properly locked. I’ve never been caught like this before but there is no way in short of kicking the door down. And the landlord I think would not be that impressed.”

I was resigned to actually doing that though. If Lizzy had turned around, holding herself, hair framing her face, asking me to do serious damage to my rented house for her in that state – I don’t think I’d have been able to refuse. I was getting seriously hot and bothered and the sun wasn’t the main reason.

But she didn’t ask. She had other things on her mind. Her knees flexed further, she folded in further on herself, still holding the handle. She was breathing heavily, audibly even from a few metres. Again, the moment passed and she unwound and began to walk back to her seat.

“It’s ok. It’s ok, I can wait. They can’t be much longer, I’ll be fine.”

None of that was true but I wasn’t going to say it. I considered offering her the corner of the garden again. I should remind her. I should give her the option. She’s probably forgotten with the stress, that there’s an option that isn’t waiting an improbable 60 minutes or more, or flooding her underwear completely. I shouldn’t have thought of that either, now I was really starting to sweat.

Lizzy had nearly reached the deck chair in the time it took me to think through all of that. She stepped around one of the standard outdoor chairs but her trailing foot caught one of its legs just marginally. Moving slowly meant she only stumbled slightly rather than fell. Her left hand, previously between her legs, shot out to grab the table, though it didn’t seem to me that she was going to fall without it. Her right hand she held out in a symmetrical position though grabbing only at air.

“Shit!”

“You ok?” I asked.

I got no reply. She was completely frozen for several seconds, until I saw the visible part of her hand tense, and she leaned slightly further forward. Her hair was now hanging forwards, partly obscuring her face, but I still saw the moment her mouth dropped open into an ‘o’ of shock. A very slight gasp carried to me. I was riveted by her expression, panic and effort in equal measure. I didn’t even realise I was leaning forwards in my seat, only the table between us.

“Lizzy?” I managed.

“Yep. Yep, I’m ok,” she replied. Her voice was pitched higher than normal, and slightly breathless. She hadn’t moved from her position held since the stumble. Her legs were tight together but not crossed, bent slightly at the knee. She was leaning forward from her waist, head further bent to create that curtain of hair keeping her face partially obscured. Her hands were still out, one on the table, one free.

When she straightened up again, something was different. I could tell. Normally a very composed woman, Lizzy was now breathing fast but shallow; her sunglasses askew; dress still bunched where she’d been holding herself between her legs even without a hand to hold it. Beside those obvious signs, there was a nebulous frantic air around her.

I felt like I was having an out of body experience. I had to know. My heart was pounding.

“Did you just wet yourself?” I couldn’t believe I’d asked. I couldn’t believe she’d answer.

She didn’t reply immediately. The pause was long enough that we both knew it was a pause. It was a quiet day, there was no wind, no distant traffic. She’d heard me, she just didn’t reply for long enough that it was tangible.

“What? No. I’m fine, I’ll be fine.” When she spoke, it was fast, words running together. We were staring at one another, me sat forward in my chair, her stood straight but completely off kilter.

I let the tension draw out. Two, three, four beats.

“Prove it.”

Silence. Dead silence. No one else existed but the two of us.

Her breathing slowed, her mouth still open slightly.

I waited for her to laugh at me or tell me to fuck off. She didn’t.

“How?”

I was completely tensed up. I had committed already, I hadn’t even thought it through. It was like my body had cut my conscious brain out of the loop. I had to answer.

“Show me.”

We were both perfectly still. I waited.

She moved. Slowly, she stepped around the courtyard table, coming to stand beside my chair. I lifted and turned the chair as I sat and suddenly I was facing her, my eyeline level with the low collar of her floral dress. She took off her sunglasses and placed them on the table, her eyes never leaving mine. We both paused again. This time, I was still but she was starting to move, her left leg bouncing uncontrollably

She dropped both hands to the front of her dress and gently caught the hem. I was gripping my knees, fixated by her stare but with a rising urge to look down. Even when she had stopped lifting and I could tell she was exposed, I held her gaze.

“See?” she said.

Finally, I looked. She held her dress up with her hands at her chest. Her tummy was exposed up to her bellybutton. A maroon triangle, matching her bra, was visible below the curve of her body, and between two thighs, locked tightly together. It looked dry. I looked back up at her.

“I told you. I’m fine,” she said, voice lower pitched suddenly, breathy; her eyes wide and intense.

“I can’t see,” I said, “you’re leaning forward, and your thighs are clenched.”

It was true. As we’d been staring, as she’d been lifting her dress for me, for me, alone, in my garden, she’d leant so far forward we were practically nose to nose. The view of her panties was intoxicating but there was more skin than fabric visible.

“Stand up, legs apart,” I insisted. Was I going too far? I was both riven with doubt and completely unable to stop myself commanding Lizzy to fully reveal herself.

Another pause.

She closed her eyes and breathed in deeply. Her leg hadn’t stopped bouncing and now I could see her hands flexing around her dress, still pressing into her chest.

She stood straight. Another pause, and then her left leg stopped bouncing and lifted enough to swing a half step apart.

Now she was upright, dress still held up, eyes shut. Her deep breath was completely lost, she was practically panting and as I looked back down, I could see her hips were gyrating in a small circle.

That wasn’t all I could see. More of her underwear was visible now. The same deep maroon. I dipped my head further. I could smell her now. I was almost under her dress. And from this angle, leant so far forward my chest was brushing my own hands, still holding my knees, I could see. Not the deep maroon I now felt intimately familiar with despite it being only minutes since I’d first glimpsed her bra; but an even darker colour.

“Lizzy,” I began – but before I could say more, her small gyrations grew larger and I heard her gasp. Or maybe whimper. The dark patch blossomed suddenly, wetness spreading in an heartbeat before abruptly stopping.

“Please…” she said.

“Lizzy. I just saw you piss yourself.” I managed to sit back up. My eyes were fixed still on her crotch where the wetness was just starting to show from this angle. Finally, I looked up.

She was biting her lower lip again, breathing rapidly, the movements that had started in her hips now coursing through her whole body. She bobbed now, up and down, hips moving side-to-side in rhythm but she kept her hands up. They were turned now, twisting though still holding the hem of her dress but now also gripping the collar and pulling that down slightly. She was almost completely out of control but kept her legs apart and stood straight.

“I can’t…” she managed to say. “I can’t… oh god. I… please. I’m going to…”

She was staring into my eyes as though there was anything I could do for her. As though there was anything I would do for her. God, there was so much I would do for her.

“Please… please… oh god. Oh no. No, no, nononono...”

Her face was luminous in her despair. I still had to look away from it. I knew what I wanted to see.

It wasn’t slow. It erupted out of her. One moment, she was almost vibrating but with panties that, if you didn’t know what you were looking for from my position, were dry. The next, she was rock still, and clear liquid was pouring down her legs. The front of her panties darkened rapidly, the force of her pee causing the wetness to rise right up to nearly the top. The sound felt deafening after the silence of the tension, a hissing, splattering waterfall that couldn’t hide Lizzy’s sudden moan of relief.

I looked back up and was rewarded by the sight of her face, eyes screwed shut, mouth open, shaping the repeated sounds of pleasure as she breathed heavily. I could tell the pace of her accident hadn’t slowed. My bare feet were surrounded by a new type of warmth.

Only then did her flow slacken. The multiple streams of pee that had been gushing down her legs became a single narrow stream falling directly between them. Then even that petered out. Silence fell back over the courtyard.

I took it all in. Lizzy, legs slightly apart, dress pulled up, panties drenched and dripping, mouth ajar, eyes shut. Utterly spent. A mess. The hottest thing I had ever seen.

Her eyes opened and once again we were staring at each other from barely a hands-width.

“Need a hand?” I breathed.

She nodded slowly, her mouth curving into the hint of a smile.

I reached directly forwards.

*002*2026-02-24 18:55

Thanks! I'm very open to critique, I had been thinking about writing this for a while but only got round to doing it now. Thought if I enjoyed it, others might too. Though first time writing fiction so probably could improve on a lot!

