Bethany of the Isle

Author: AliasnameTO

*000*2021-01-17 02:47

Hey everyone. I was never sure where interest was for this story, but I've posted quite a few chapters already as separate threads, and from now on am consolidating them all in here instead. Hopefully you enjoy my little project that is becoming quite a huge undertaking.

Part 1

Part 2

Part 3

Part 4

Part 5

Part 6: A Warm Welcome

It had been three weeks since Bethany’s move to the island. The “new normal” was not getting easier as she was promised. Each day of seeing others in ultra-casual dress did help erode the last insecurities she had about her clothes. But in turn, the sense that no one so much as whispered about a need for the toilet, ever, meant more effort went into hiding the working of her own bladder, spoiled after a lifetime of easy relief. The gentle treatment she had received as a newcomer was not destined to last. The judgment she had expected for improper dress instead bore down on her “accommodation” visits, the pressure intensifying when her otherwise sweet grandparents joined in too. They never raised their concerns directly, but found chances in conversation to slip in a way to remind her it was time to “be a lady.” Hearing their veiled jabs usually caused a tight feeling in her chest.

Not that she ever stopped enjoying a sneaky squirt or two in her panties when she could get away with it. Sometimes she was too far from salvation and had no choice. Other times, despite her mom’s adamant warning not to, she just felt like it. These were the squirts that were more frequent, and longer. Letting some out on purpose, an act that used to be a drastic last resort back home, had since turned into a regular habit. She chalked it up to teenage rebelliousness, but had even begun to choose her clothes for how good they were for “tinkling.” The cutesy name was what she called it when she let out drips and trickles steadily, but slowly enough not to get caught. Light-colored jeans took only minimal wetness before an obvious spot showed up.

Dark bottoms offered some forgiveness even if she soaked through her underwear. If she was careful, black panties on their own or long skirts were the choices for maximum slow-peeing freedom. Occasionally, such as when away from home for too long, “tinkling” was for stopping a worse accident. Other times, she did it because it was fun, felt good, and saved her from criticism about announcing her urge. If anyone ever noticed the smell, they did not dare mention it. The enjoyment was enough to balance the shame she kept for such a sordid secret. Some days, the local attitude about toilet habits got to her, and she planned to try harder to adapt to island culture. Other days, it was just pee, and the old fogeys would have to deal.

Maybe school would be a chance to get away from family for awhile and ease the tension. Bethany’s mom had enrolled her for the coming year at Baccalieu 6-12, the big public school downtown. She had gotten the envelope containing a letter about orientation day along with her class schedule and the student handbook. She lounged on her bed in the same knitted shirt she had worn to court (and had soaked with pee that day) above grey panties, thumbing through the stapled booklet.

A lot of it was the same stuffy policies she expected. Admonitions about treating people with respect, the handling of tardiness/absence, the grading scale, blah blah. However, the dress code was the first bit to catch her interest. It read:

Clothing must cover the genitals and buttocks at all times. An exception is made for swimming activities, in which swimwear is optional.

“...That’s it?” she said aloud, giggling at the graphic terms. There were more ways to violate her old school’s dress code than there were types of clothing in the world. This was its polar opposite, so much that it had her sympathizing with the staff, gaping in shock while imagining the possible ways Cress students could show off. And regarding the second part, she had made progress about body confidence, but doubted whether she could ever bring herself to be completely naked in front of everyone.

Bethany read on, discovering a single rule about the clothes themselves: Garments must be clean and not display offensive symbols or messages, appropriateness being subject to interpretation by any teacher or administrator.

Some help the handbook was with figuring out what to wear. Normal dress for the island ranged from familiar to sleepwear. It would have made for a stress-free guess if it did not involve the expectations of a school. Not sticking out on her first day might prove difficult. But then, there was always orientation.

Before her shower the morning of the school visit, she had laid two pairs of jeans on the counter in the bathroom. They were hardly visible through the fogged shower stall glass once she got in, but their colors were enough to go on. Her eyes flicked from the dark blue pair to the white ones and back, but soon, her bladder gave a squeeze. She crossed one knee over the other until remembering there was no need to hold it.

Do Cress people pee in the shower? she thought. Probably not. Hopefully her grandma did not decide to come in now, like she had that other time. Feeling bratty, Bethany stepped out of the water spray, stood with her feet together, and tried to pee. By the extra warmth alone she tracked the chaotic flow down her thighs. Looking down confirmed it was dark yellow. At least during her recent wetting experiences, it never smelled this strongly.

Eyes closed, she giggled in bliss before the stream dwindled. Better to enjoy it while she could before returning attention to the jeans. The toilets at school might not be open, so depending on her outfit choice today, that might be the last chance she would have to pee until the whole thing was over. If she chose the white jeans, there was no question about it: she would have to hold on tight. However, going with (and tinkling in) the dark ones meant she would have to keep on top of laundry, as school started for real on Monday, and that was her last clean pair that were good for hiding wetness.

Better to take her chances with the white ones today. Worse came to worst and there was no chance to go at school, at least she would only be there for a few hours. She pulled them over wine-red panties and paired them with a mottled, pale blue t-shirt.

“No juice?” her mom said at breakfast.

Bethany was thirsty enough, but had already suffered some amount of milk with her cereal. More liquid might challenge her ability to keep it in later. “No, thanks. I’m kind of tired of apple juice.”

“That’s okay,” her mom said, whisking the juice away to return it to the container, “We’ve got water, tea, coffee, more milk, a little bit of soda… you should drink something. I don’t want you spacing out at school or getting sick.”

Rolling her eyes, she resigned. “Ice water is fine I guess.” She let her mom serve it and drank a few mouthfuls. It was clearly her nerves, as she had just emptied herself. Still, she could have sworn the water tumbled straight back into her bladder, forcing her knees together.

At this point, another cause to worry hit her. Turning her feet on the hardwood reminded her that the only shoes available were the pair of flip flops she had worn on the plane-- the ones whose once-white foam now sported swathes of a frightful, cloudy yellow. What would she say if confronted about it? She contemplated going without. The handbook seemed to allow it, and in turn, said “garments must be clean.” She would be more inside the rules that way. But to apply it to shoes? That was just unrealistic. She decided to wear them anyway, hoping no one would notice. Less chance of drawing attention to herself.

Bethany’s dad had taken the morning off work to attend the open house portion with the other two ladies. He drove his smaller truck, so Bethany was stuck in between her parents. She leafed through the handbook and made sure her mechanical pencil was secure in the spiral binding of a notebook, brought just in case.

Her dad rubbed Bethany’s back. “This will be good for you, B,” he said, “Get you away from the old people for a little while.”

She smiled weakly. “Might be nice,” she admitted. That part was not a lie, but her thoughts lingered close to her bladder. She had challenged herself to hold before. But now, in front of classmates in her most unforgiving pair of pants, she was playing for keeps.

The view from the crowded school parking lot helped soothe her nerves about fitting in. The other kids followed no particular formula for what to wear. Some were in “normal” clothes like her, others were more brazen about cool styles or showing skin, and a few sported as little as the rules allowed.

Orientation progressed about how she expected it to. The rhythm of getting lost, finally finding the right room with moments to spare, and sitting for a brief introduction to each class in turn might as well have been at any school back home.

As much as she had been going through the motions, adjusting to a new school was still not something that happened every day. The effort of processing everything, and the ready availability of refreshments everywhere meant she had drunk the better part of two water bottles before wondering if that had been wise. She was just sitting down for world history when the revelation, alongside all the water at once, hit her.

Bethany must have channeled a true Cress when putting thoughts of peeing far from her mind. But now having teased the notion, there was no going back. Her bladder bulged against the waistband of her white jeans, its warm contents driving a nail into her crotch from the inside.

She bent forward at her desk and sucked air through her gritted teeth. What was she supposed to do? Her parents stood with the others in the back of the room, so they did not immediately know there was a problem. Latecomers were still filtering in, so no students paid attention either. Thankfully the squeeze between her legs settled into a steady weight after a few seconds. At least she had gotten over the acute wave, both dry and unnoticed.

“Bethanyyy!” a voice called from the door. The sight made Bethany’s jaw drop. Mary Ellen waved to her in a sleeveless, sheer dress, its blue lace a shade nearly identical to Bethany’s shirt. It did nothing to hide Mary Ellen’s meager breasts with their broad nipples, or the sparse patch of hair between her legs. She had a hoodie slung over her shoulder as if it were simply an accessory while grinning broadly at her new acquaintance. She tugged a pinch of the negligee away from herself to point out the color, saying “We match!”

It’s no big deal, Bethany reminded herself. Some other students dressed similarly, but she did not know them and thought nothing of it. That’s just how it is here. Another girl nearby confirmed it for her, noticing her shock. “You’re lucky she’s even wearing that much. The only thing that child wears outside of school is usually her braces.” She chuckled and rolled her eyes in mock resignation.

Mary Ellen claimed the desk beside Bethany, dropping her smile when getting a better look at her new friend. “You okay?”

“Yeah,” Bethany answered, betting everything on her performance.

Bethany had figured her voice was convincing enough, so it must have been her rigid posture that did her in. Mary Ellen’s eyebrows turned up in suspicion. “If you say so,” she said, dropping her voice to a whisper to add, “Otherwise tell me when you’re ready, please?”

Biting her lip, the trembling girl nodded at her friend. Mary Ellen was being an angel; Bethany wanted to spill the secret to her as badly as she wanted to spill her pee. But there was no telling the native islander would react well to such a crude confession. For now, in both ways, she held it.

The teacher, Mr. Maxwell, had written his name on the board before the period began, but just now cleared his throat. Most of the students quieted down on their own.

“Welcome everyone. To some of you, welcome back,” Mr. Maxwell announced, his voice deep and resonant. The way he leveled his sharp, hazel-eyed gaze at the students made Bethany question if any of them were indeed welcome instead of barely tolerated. After a moment, he raised his eyebrows. “I suppose I’ve seen all of you at least once before, except… Bethany.” He looked at her and smiled with surprising warmth. “It’s not every day we see somebody new here, so please don’t hesitate to speak up. We’re all here for each other.”

Her drum-taut bladder flexed. She would have pressed a hand to her crotch, or even freely let some out if she could get away with it. The situation made her think of a few days ago, when she had borrowed her grandpa’s bicycle to explore the lighthouse. The weather was still temperate enough in early September that throwing a baggy flannel shirt over her usual tank top and briefs was enough to cut the afternoon chill. It was the first time she had gone downtown unaccompanied, and seeing more than the walls of her bedroom was long overdue. Besides, peeing in her own toilet or limiting herself to little sneaky runnels in her underwear was getting boring.

She clambered over the wave-worn boulders around the base of the tower. When she dared to dip her feet in a puddle, it was predictably frigid. The cold water numbed the soreness gained from picking her way barefoot over the rough terrain. The shock of it, however, also made her bladder twinge.

This late in the day, the lighthouse had seen the majority of its fishing and tourism. There was a couple on the observation deck high above Bethany’s head, but her flannel shirt covered her to the thigh, and this was too good an opportunity to give up by being a chicken. Her heart fluttered for the next few moments in anticipation of what she was about to do. She picked a spot, standing with her legs gently crossed. When her bladder gave another push, she focused on letting it happen.

Cress’ peculiarities aside, taking in such a view while letting the flow cup her legs and privates in its rippling warmth had never crossed her mind back in midwestern suburbia. Now, she almost grieved for all the years spent unaware of how much enjoyment came from getting a little wet with the wrong kind of liquid. She closed her eyes, feeling the dwindling drops racing down to cool under her feet.

This new brush with disaster, however, was not turning out so well. Returning from her daydream, too many eyes were on her. The alternative to pressing a hand between her legs was a shiver and a quick spurt. She was supposed to hold on for not only the end of the class, but the trip back home. Either gradually from now until she got to a toilet, or all at once in a major accident, her pee was not staying put. That much was certain.

“Actually, I do have a question,” she said, blushing even before the next word, “Can I go to the bathroom?”

The other students started whispering. Mr. Maxwell stared at her with twisted brow. “Excuse me?”

Bethany caught her mistake. “Sorry, the accommodation?”

Mr. Maxwell put down the stack of papers he had prepared to pass out. “I understood what you were asking for. That was your chance to change your mind about being crude.” He sighed and addressed her again. “I understand things are probably different where you’re from, so this one time, yes. You’ll want to go to the clinic across from the front office.”

Bethany’s parents were silent. Mary Ellen pouted sympathy at her as she stood up to leave.

In the hallway, Bethany railed to herself through gritted teeth, This place sucks! Someone who has to pee gets treated like a freak of nature. How am I supposed to keep my clothes clean and also not go to the bathroom! The swell of anger and the action of brisk walking seemed to make it easier to hold, but not for long. Her bladder gave another urgent push.

Stopping to cross her legs and squeeze her muscles to the limit, she avoided another leak. Somehow. Perhaps she had gotten a little better at holding as of late. However, the habit she had developed since moving to the island of frequently wetting on purpose might be enacting its revenge. Being clothed was not the hindrance to her pee coming out that it used to be. Even before reaching her bitter end, the release of a warm dribble or even a noisy stream was never more than a breath away.

The hallway intersection was just ahead. Beyond it, relief. But Bethany had been in town long enough to know better than to hope it would be easy. Access to the toilet would be behind the school nurse and an explanation why she needs it-- measures that apparently the entire nation had decided were necessary and welcome. The hallway at the moment was empty, and if an accident was coming, she could do it without an audience.

Or if an accident was coming, other options invisible to her before turned into real choices. Not good ones, but better than ruining her first day with a devastating public wetting, and receiving another pointless earful from whatever authority figure got to her first. Whimpering and trembling as another wave of pressure reared up, she shot glances in every direction, begging for an answer. She could go directly on the floor. There would be no privacy apart from the hallway’s temporary emptiness, and the sound would echo through the entire building. The puddle would be damning, especially if she tracked some away on her shoes.

Better idea-- there was a tree in a large plant pot beside a row of lockers. She could perch herself on the side and pee into the soil. There was far less risk of things going horribly wrong. She swallowed through parched palate. It would have to do.

Her eyes dashed over every visible door while shaking hands undid her jeans button. Her lavender panties had a big wet spot for having absorbed only one spurt. At least they would not be tested anymore at the moment. She had barely gotten them clear of the stream that came shooting out. The pee flew before she was fully in position on the pot, with some hitting the back of her pants and more landing with an echoing splat on the hardwood. Not good, but at least the rest was burbling safely against the inside of the pot.

She briefly closed her eyes and dared to let out a quiet moan. The enjoyment of these frantic pees was almost worth the misfortune of reaching the critical point time after time. But even in the midst of relief now, complete peace of mind was still out of reach. This was taking forever! So far, her luck with privacy held, but in seconds, another problem arose. Her butt and inner thighs were getting wet even with her legs apart. She carefully clambered to a hovering position and looked down. The tree was fake, and the soil that appeared to fill the pot covered a false bottom only an inch or two beneath the rim. The thin layer of soil was not absorbing her pee as fast as it was coming, and it had begun to spill between her legs over the side.

She pulled up her pants once the stream subsided, not risking trying to dry off. The sheen of spilled pee on her private areas would just have to stay her secret.

Everyone looked her way when she returned, but Bethany kept her eyes down while shuffling to her seat. Her time in the spotlight for today was over; even Mary Ellen could not get her to talk. Bethany began to feel bad for ignoring her friend, but the chance to explain would come. The rest of orientation passed in a haze. On the way home, her parents stayed mostly silent as well. It was all she would have asked of them.

*003*2021-01-25 16:35

{{On 1/21/2021 at 6:09 AM, Videl1201 said:

Nice to have this story back. I love the premise of a place with completely different norms an and standards. Keep it up!

}}

Thanks the next part is planned, with more still to come.

