NMPA Stories

Author: AlmightyIdiot

*000*2025-07-11 01:11

Decided to place all future stories related to Notmypornaccount's characters in this topic. Doing some brainstorming with each other today, I whipped up this one shot. Enjoy!

Both inside the porta potty, they conclude this is outrageously gross. Being this close to each other, gag, Bleh, Beth thought but her face said it all. Happy hour was too enticing tonight, a whole litany of discounted drinks to try, Casey couldn't back down, but to come to this conclusion, was it even worth it?

"Stay still you drunk bitch!" Beth yelled, Casey's big feet stammered all over the small space, hitting Beth's heels the one time too many. God would she love to push Casey out and not have to deal with the aftermath, but after seeing those rabid guys their way at the rabbit and her, there was no way to leave her out of sight. The drunken mess carelessly dropped her dungarees to the floor along with a pair of stained striped red panties. One hand pushing Casey away from taking the whole seat, Beth hurried to inch down her pair of shorts, thank goodness this wasn't a dress or button up.

"C'monnnnn, stop that," Casey whined, her face smushed against the wall. Using her heel to push the seat up behind her without looking, she released Casey and tried to aim.

"If you get a drop on me, I swear I'll---" a waterfall erupted, overwhelming her voice. Blasting in the long bin, Casey had one hand against the wall and the other gripping Beth's arm for support. Beth's bladder swayed from sound, she sighed defeated and joined in trying not to splash. Her touch was rough, a strong hand that felt like it was blocking her blood circulation. It must be so, all of it racing to her face, steaming red.

"Let go you brute!"

Leaning towards Casey, her rear accidentally collided with the bunny's as the mouse tried to pry her hand out. Stumbling from the impact, Casey's abundant stream splashed against the rim and she sank lower to the toilet,

"Ah fuck!"

Nearly taking all the space, Beth was losing this impromptu game of musical chairs. She cringed feeling her own spray of pee bouncing off of Casey's thigh and immediately swooped down to reclaim lost territory.

"Back off you fat bimbo," Beth yelped. "Prisschy Bitchy, GUUUUUUUUUUP", Casey belched back. "God this will be a long night," Beth sighed. Balanced by her butt, their stream miraculously managed to not cross each other's path and fill the messy bowl with at least 2 liters of drinks. Dribbling out the last of the Merlot, an unbelievable disgusting thought ran through Beth's brain.

I really spend too much time with her, her stupidity is rubbing off. Still going strong, Casey tried again to hog the seat unconsciously. Though it could be her legs were getting tired. Beth once again slammed Casey's rear, this time harder. Keeping her ass in place, Beth forced Casey to miss the bowl and tinkle on the corner of the stall. Even if her mind was dull, Casey wasn't stupid to what was happening and countered. Her full mass tackled back, nearly shoved Beth out from the confines of the wall and knocked out with her ass exposed. 

Thankfully Beth was finished completely before she enacted her plan. Her shattered butt was not as thankful. The smell of the shack was rearing its ugly head against Beth's nostrils, and sadly it won't be going away any time soon. She looked down at her shorts and they were stained with its fair share of urine. Not in a patch that would suggest she wet herself but the smell would say that regardless. Wrapping up a large amount of paper, Beth placed it on her underwear to block her vulva from the damp garments. It wasn't long after that the event's messiest drunk got it all out of her system. Casey reached to the roll and found it nearly empty.

"You greedy slut, you ate all the wipes!"

"You're already drenched, not even a whole roll would save your fat ass." Still, Casey grabbed what she could and wiped. Suited back up, Casey shivered from the cold feeling underneath. Together, they unlocked the door and Beth quickly pulled them out from the party, hoping the smell of urine would dissuade anyone from approaching. The two wet lasses needed a hot shower back home. 

