A Litch's Big Bladder

Author: Aquamin

*000*2020-02-24 23:50

WIZ LEFT AND AQUA RIGHT

The thing wiz pees in is an image I only have in my head. Just imagine a Japanese squat toilet but old stone castle style and no pipes just a hole in it.

"Kazzzzzumaaaaa, why did we have to bring the stupid litch?" Moaned Aqua "You know she's gonna try something litchy." Kazuma shut the Useless deity up with quick bonk with the hilt of his sword. "She said she wanted to come, so she comes" he replied, a hint of annoyance in his voice "she is our friend."

"Hmmph, I still don't trust her Kazuma." Wiz, who was wandering alongside Kazuma, was quite upset at Aqua's constant stabs at her. "Please miss Aqua, believe me when I say that I have no ill intent. This quest seemed very simple when I overheard you talking about it, just a simple treasure hunt in a cave. I just wanted to spend some time with you all and have a nice walk." She wiggled cutely and smiled. Aqua returned a pout.

Darkness and Megumin had charged slightly ahead of the group, chatting to each other and occasionally checking behind them to see the others. The quest was, as Wiz had said, simple. A large cave, long since abandoned by any monsters or bandits, had a stash of treasure somewhere within its depths. Decades ago, the place was a bandit hideout. Stairs had been carved into the rock in places, and a few side passages were still open. "It appears the bandits made this place as homely as they could" remarked Darkness "apparently they had a ferocious tentacled monster as a pet." Her heavy breathing started echoing around the chamber. "Don't start, please don't" stated Kazuma bluntly. "Oooooh" whined Darkness "to have my thoughts and desires deflected so coldly like I was nothing." Kazuma quietly sighed, it was just another day with these losers.

After an hour and a half of walking around the cave, things were beginning to become monotonous and boring; with Aqua being very vocal about her dislike of the situation. "And my feet hurt and I'm hungry, and that stupid litch is here" she finished listing off her numerous complaints. She also had a growing need to visit a toilet, but she would refuse to admit such a thing; Goddesses don't pee. "Aqua, you are the one who wanted to do this quest," said Megumin.

"But I didn't know it would be boring and long, I should have waited at home while you lot did the work for your Goddess" her whining was seemingly unending. "Miss Aqua, please be calm and enjoy yourself" Wiz's voice was almost a whisper. "NOOOOO NOT WHILE YOU ARE AROUND, I KNOW YOUR GAMES LITCH!!!." Wiz quickly teared up "I-i-i jus-st want to b-be your f-r-riend." Aqua's incoming verbal bombardment was silenced preemptively by yet another bop from Kazuma. "You two are working together now" he asserted. Aqua opened her mouth "Not a peep out of useless Goddess, you will learn to tolerate her or else you are out in the stable for a week." She may hate undead, but she hates the stables even more.

Thirty minutes of needed, albeit unstable, peace had passed; and Aqua was not the only one getting desperate. If some asked you the question "hey, do undead need to pee?" you would probably say no. Then congratulations, you said the logical answer; but its the wrong answer. Wiz was usually very careful about her toilet trips, making sure that nobody would ever see her desperate or doing the deed. But deep in a cave after hours of holding, her bladder was becoming uncomfortably full.

She had a large bladder, but even big bladdered girls have limits. The secluded side passages looked so tempting, many had running water features that would mask the sound of her relieving herself, but now that she was stuck like glue to the Aqua those options were impossible. "Hey, you two go check that sorta large passage on the right. Might have something that can help us in it." The command from Kazuma was like an insult to her bladder, she knew there would be nothing in there; Kazuma just wanted to see how the two girls reacted when alone.

"Ew ew ew, so much dust" complained Aqua as she entered the unused room. It was once a storage room, used for something very valuable: wine. As such, unbeknownst to the Goddess and Litch, the room was booby-trapped. The second that Wiz stepped slowly through the entranceway, the heavy stone door dropped down with thud like thunder. Aqua was to the door in a flash, pounding at it uselessly with her fists. "KAZUMA KAZUMA KAZUMA HELP. GET ME OUT OF HERE, THERE ARE BUGS AND DIRT, AND THE LITCH. HEEEEEELLLLLLPPPPPP!!!!!!!" Her banshee-like screeching went on and on until Kazuma answered. "quiet useless Goddess, there are some instructions written on the wall out here." He cleared his throat "Hear yee thief to enter this chamber is to invite death or imprisonment until that. Pour out wine into the small squat toilet looking thing to open the door a bit. The more you pour the more the door opens. The more it opens the more my men will hurt you. Signed Azgaril."

"Wow, these bandits have really bad grammar," he remarked, chuckling slightly. Another screech came from Aqua "There isn't any wine left in here Kazuma, just get Megumin to blow open the door." Kazuma shook his head, although they could not see that. "She would just bring this whole cave down on top of us, which I for one do not want. Just fill the "squat toilet thing up with water, you are literally named Water in Latin." Aqua blinked and thought hard for a moment "What's Latin?"

Kazuma wasn't willing to explain all that here "Doesn't matter, just fill up the thing." Aqua turned, preparing to make water when suddenly Kazuma called out. "Actually don't bother, they already thought of that. For some reason, it has been designed so it won't accept water." Aqua began to panic, both at her imprisonment and her full bladder. She knew that Kazuma would be able to get help from the town within a few hours, but her bladder would not give her a few hours.

Little did she know that Wiz was in the same boat. The Litch's toilet need had grown to dangerous levels. Her bladder throbbed and bulged with pent up golden yellow pee. She was smart and had already deduced what both of them would have to do. She didn't like it, but she knew what had to be done. Strolling up to the door, her large thighs squeeze tightly under her dress, she spoke to Kazuma. "Excuse me, Kazuma, but I think I have a plan on how to get me and miss Aqua out. "I'm all ears" came his reply. "IM NOT!!" shouted Aqua "KAZUMA GET US OUT!!"

"No," said Kazuma, firm and authoritative "you two have gotta work together on this, no ifs or buts; you wanna go in the stables?" Aqua, in a rare display, silently agreed. "Mister Kazuma, please go ahead and finish the quest; we shall be done by the time you are back," asked Wiz politely, also not wanting Kazuma to hear what they were about to do.

"Alright then, I trust you know what to do Wiz." His footsteps quickly became faint. "KAAAAAAAZZZZZZZZZUMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA, DON'T LEAVE ME HERE." Aqua's screaming fell on deaf ears. Her dagger-like glare affixed itself to Wiz. "So what is your "plan", Litch?" Scorn that could not be measured were latched onto every word. Wiz made her way over to the "squat toilet looking thing" mentioned in the instructions. The thing was a pill-shaped dip in the smooth stone floor. A small hole in the centre led to where ever the trap's inner working was. Wiz blushed fiercely knowing what she must do. "Erm, we have to fill the bowl and, we have nothing to fill it with to hand."

"So" she hesitated for a moment, mulling things over "we have to resort to desperate measures." The unintentional pun somehow made Aqua realise the plan. "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO WAY, NOOOO. THERE IS NO CHANCE THAT I, AQUA OF THE AXIS CULT, WILL RELEASE HER MOST HOLY WATERS INTO THAT THING. ESPECIALLY NOT IN FRONT OF YOU." She crossed her arms and pouted. Wiz understood that it was impossible to argue with the stubborn Goddess; it was up to her alone to do the deed. "I recommend you don't look miss Aqua" she suggested tactfully, taking off her robe and hanging it on an old torch holder.

Aqua turned her back, saying nothing. Wiz quickly hitched up her purple dress to reveal her, unsurprisingly, purple knickers. A small damp patch had appeared on the front of them, barely visible on the dark fabric. It happened while talking to Kazuma although she kept her composure so well nobody noticed. The panties quickly went down to her ankles. The cool air struck her legs and vagina, causing a small leak of warm urine. The contrast in temperature was quite nice. Her throbbing Labia Minor was moist with juice and pee. She adopted a squatting position over the bowl, running a hand through her brown pubic and over her pussy. She took in a deep breath, hating what she was about to do. It was embarrassing and certainly unsanitary, but she had sacrificed greater things than her dignity. "Okay then, I am going to start." Tilting her head back slightly and slowing her breathing, she relaxed her bladder and sphincter.

The rush of pee trying to get out of her bladder was incredible. The force of it created a water jet pee that splattered onto the stone loudly. The spray created by the stream covered her boots in droplets. For the first 10 seconds, it wasn't even a feeling of relief; just a thankful body for letting it deposit the pool inside of it. It was something Wiz had never felt before. It wasn't even a power pee just a violent dumping of all her pent up piss. Steam began rising from the puddle collecting the "toilet", even though it had been designed to send all liquid collected straight down into the measuring system. Wiz was trembling, her loins were on fire, her bladder venting its hot, yellow pee at an impossible rate. She clenched her fists and bit her knuckles. The normally shy and proper girl let out a loud moan, although it could hardly be heard of her gusher of a piss stream.

Wiz didn't hear Aqua's dam burst. Even if she did, she wouldn't have cared, everything felt too good to care. The useless Goddesses bladder was hit with the cruellest kind of audio torture; an overfull bladder getting its long due relief. It was simply too much for it, and she began urinating all over the floor. This was the one time she was glad she forwent panties. Her stream was pitiful in comparison to Wiz's tsunami. The Litch's bladder seemed to have an unlimited supply of pee. Neither of them noticed the trap system going bonkers, the door was now permanently jammed open. So great was Wiz's flood that the whole cave's network of traps was broken by pee leaking into a series of scales it should not have been in. Forever would this cave be safe because of Wiz's piss flood; provided she didn't flood the whole cave.

After 5 and a half minutes, the stream came to a stop. Wiz wasn't empty, she had just let out enough to be comfy; a full adult human bladder's worth was still inside her. Now the room was filled by Wiz's heavy breathing, she was so going to touch herself later. She took a moment to compose herself, pulling her clothes back up and shaking the wee off her boots."I-i'm sorry y-y-you had to listen to that" her voice was shaky and weak. Aqua was in no mood to talk and simply left the room, Wiz following her at a distance. They proceeded deeper into the cavern, soon linking back up with the others.

*Timeskip*

Wiz was still cooling off hours later even though she was sitting by the roaring Mansion fire. She sipped her tea and lay back on the armrest of the sofa. Her bladder had, understandably, become weaker after such a massive pee. She already felt another visit to the bathroom coming, her 4 in 2 hours. But before that, she decided to have some fun. She had already changed into some comfy PJs; a dark purple top with elbow-length sleeves and matching shorts. Her right hand slipped into her waistband, smooth fingers rubbed her clit. She sucked in air and push the middle and index finger into her entrance. She moaned quietly and started to thrust. Faster and faster she went, her mind quickly becoming a blur as her g-spot was pounded mercilessly. Within 30 seconds orgasm had hit her, the piss torrent earlier made her too sensitive. She gasped for air and rubbed her large breasts. So nice I should try it again even though it is very improper, she thought.

Placing her mug on the floor and standing before the fire, she dropped her shorts to the floor. She spread her vagina open and aimed as best she could. The stream didn't come as enthusiastically as before but still managed to fly into the roaring fire with considerable force. The hiss was there but mostly drowned out by the fire's noise, the nice feeling of relief washed over her body just like before. Wiz smiled to herself and then grabbed one of her handkerchiefs to wipe. The Litch lay back on the sofa, shorts still around her ankles and drifted off to sleep, dreaming of all the things she was going to do with this newfound hobby.

