Kelly Hates Port-o-Potties (A Saved By The Bell Fanfic)

Author: Arnold

*000*2021-01-24 16:19

Bayside beat Valley. AC Slater scored on a 5 yard run -- his 3rd touchdown of the game -- with less than a minute left to give Bayside a 35-31 victory over their arch-rivals. To say the mood was celebratory and upbeat on the bus ride home from the game was an understatement, to say the least. Even on the cheerleaders’ bus coming home on that chilly autumn afternoon, it was a loud and happy ride indeed.

For Kelly, though -- typically among the most cheery and upbeat of the bunch -- her demeanor was decidedly more subdued. As the bus ride wore on, the pretty and popular brunette just sat there uncomfortably squirming in her seat. It really wasn’t a long bus ride at all, but as the pretty senior cheerleader sat there dealing with the intense pressure from her bladder, the bus ride seemed to take forever. And to make matters even worse, Kelly was now starting to feel an intensely urgent need to go the other way as well. “Oh Please! -- Let us just get there already,” Kelly mumbles to herself as the bus makes a hard stop at a red light and Kelly has to clamp down tight to fight another strong surge from her bladder.

While the other cheerleaders celebrate Bayside’s great victory over Valley, Kelly can only focus on finally getting to a toilet and letting out what she’d been holding in all afternoon. In her mind, she can only picture the bus pulling into the school parking lot and her making a mad dash to the gym corridor doorway. From there it would be just a short sprint down the hallway to the girls’ locker room where a whole row of wonderful toilets awaited her. She pictures herself already having taken down her panties by the time she gets there and she’s already decided to not even bother with closing the door before planting herself down on the toilet seat and getting sweet relief.

She images the wonderful feeling of just letting herself go and letting her bulging bladder finally drain and get her what was sure to be the most relieving pee of her entire life. She couldn’t remember ever having to pee this bad before and now with her having to go #2 as well, it was becoming increasingly difficult and outright painful to keep from wetting herself.

As the bus makes it’s way through traffic back to Bayside High, Kelly’s bladder surges again, this time sending a quick but powerful squirt of pee into the pretty cheerleader’s panties before she can once again clamp it off and regain control of herself. It was now -- even as the bus turned onto the same street where Bayside was located -- that Kelly started to really wonder if she was going to make it and she began to wonder if she really should have gone at the game when she had the chance.

The thing, though, was that Kelly hated port-a-potties. But Kelly didn’t just hate port-a-potties like most women hated port-a-potties -- I mean, no one really LIKES port-o-potties -- but Kelly hated port-o-potties like no one else hated port-o-potties. Kelly hated port-o-potties with an intensity that was nearly impossible to describe. Whereas most women do not like port-o-potties, they do surrender to necessity and reason and do reluctantly use them when they truly need to, Kelly has other ideas.

Whereas most women simply accept the notion that when you gotta go, you gotta go and sometimes that means you have to go in a port-o-potty, Kelly long ago decided that no bathroom emergency would ever be so urgent, that it would necessitate her having to use a smelly, disgusting port-o-potty. And, true to form, when faced with nothing but port-o-potties that day at Valley High, Kelly simply held it in and refused to use them. And whereas most of her cheerleading teammates did complain about them, they reluctantly gave in to necessity and used a port-o-potty -- two of the girls even having a bowel movement in one -- Kelly was now in a desperate struggle not to go in her pants on the bus ride home.

Mercifully, though, the bus ride would soon be over and Kelly would soon be making her mad dash to the girls’ locker room where a whole row of real toilets awaited her. With Bayside High now in sight just down the road, Kelly comforts herself with the notion that it won’t be long now. But just then, the poor desperate cheerleader feels a sudden strong surge simultaneously from both her bladder and bowels. Clamping down desperately with all her might, she barely avoids doing both in her panties -- her bladder squirting another hard spurt into her panties in the process.

Momentarily back in control of herself, Kelly breaths a sigh of relief as the bus finally -- FINALLY -- pulls into the parking lot at beloved Bayside High. But in doing so one of the rear tires of the bus hits the curb. The jolt sends another squirt -- this time a bit longer of a squirt -- into the pretty cheerleader’s already damp panties. As Kelly again manages to clamp it off and regain control of herself, she now feels an unmistakable wetness in her panties. But she takes solace in the notion that it obviously could have been a whole lot worse and that she’s pretty certain it’s not noticeable beyond her slightly wet panties.

As the bus finally -- FINALLY -- comes to a stop in the school parking lot, Kelly doesn’t waste a second. Her coach stands up to make an announcement but the desperate Kelly pushes right past her. She makes a bee line across the parking lot to the entrance to the corridor leading to the locker rooms. She comforts herself in the notion that it really won’t be long now before she’s on one of those sweet girls’ locker room toilets getting relief. But as Kelly hastily pulls on the door -- to her utter horror -- she finds the door locked.

And then, as she unsuccessfully pulls on the door again, disaster strikes. It may have just been a coincidence. It may have just been that by this point her bladder had reached the breaking point and decided that it had had enough. Or maybe it was some measure of despair -- having been taunted with the notion that a toilet was only moments away now to suddenly have that access delayed even further. But whatever the reason -- perhaps it was some combination of the two -- disaster struck.

Suddenly, Kelly’s control was simply gone. A huge rush of warm pee came pouring out drenching her panties. Just as suddenly, warm pee started rolling down both of the pretty cheerleader’s legs. At first -- at least for a few seconds -- her panties absorb a good bit of it and Kelly can feel quickly that they became absolutely soaked. But soon -- as her poor panties could obviously absorb no more -- it comes gushing out and splashing on the pavement down between her legs. It was like her panties weren’t there and the pee was freely flowing out as if it would while she was on the toilet.

Only this time she wasn’t on the toilet and the pee was flowing freely out onto the pavement between her feet. All the while her shocked cheerleading teammates and coach stood there watching. The relief felt exquisite -- that much was certain -- but the embarrassment was extreme as was the “ick” factor in the pee splashing back up onto her legs and well as it running down her legs. By now just about everyone else was off the bus and Kelly could just look back at them in horror as they simply stared at her in amazement -- a high school senior just standing there in her cheerleading uniform just voluminously and uncontrollably wetting herself.

Pretty soon it stops gushing out. It’s more like a mere dripping from her saturated panties now. But it’s still flowing out and rolling down her legs by the time Kelly is able to finally regain control. By now, she sees her coach walking toward her -- still a shocked look on her face -- holding her keys. Of course, the school would be locked at this late hour on a Saturday afternoon and her coach would have to use her key to let them in. It’s then that Kelly also feels her bowels pushing out again, and -- still only in tenuous control of her bladder -- she almost loses that this time.

“Hurry up! -- I really have to go,” Kelly screams as her coach approaches. Starring at the pee still dripping from under Kelly’s skirt and the huge yellow puddle on the pavement under her feet, her coach gives her a puzzled look -- an unmistakable “it looks like you already went” kind of look. “It’s not that -- I still have to go,” Kelly yells, “I need to go the other way, too.” Hearing that, the coach quickly goes to unlock the door. This was bad enough already -- she surely thought -- no way did she want to Kelly to have an even worse kind of accident.

With her coach opening and holding open the door for her, Kelly steps away from her pee puddle and sprints down the hall to the girls’ locker room. Fortunately, the door to the locker room is unlocked and all 5 stalls sit unoccupied. Kelly rushes into the first stall and rips down her soaking wet panties in record time. Quickly plopping her butt down on the seat, her bladder springs to life again -- sending another torrent of pee splashing nosily into the toilet water below her.

It’s hard to believe that with all the pee she left on the parking lot pavement outside and all that had been soaked up by her panties, she still had to go some more. And in due course, her bowels also go to work sending a large well formed “log” into the toilet as well. Checking out her panties, Kelly is pleased to see that her panties, while completely soaking wet, have been spared any of that kind of damage. Following the big log, Kelly’s bowels also let loose with a bunch of softer less formed stuff. Kelly then sits and breathes a sigh of relief as her bladder finally drains the last of what she’d been holding in all afternoon.

What Kelly will think of the port-o-potties over at Westdale High School -- where Bayside will be playing next Saturday -- remains to be seen.

