When the Gods Took Over (A possible story idea)

Author: AmyChristy

*000*2024-07-14 15:26

In a world where there is so little satisfaction now, there are few things we can still control and feel pleasure in.

This is just a short intro idea for a story. Curious what your thoughts may be or if I should continue this idea:

Things have gotten... stricter since the end of the world.

Let me rephrase, this isn’t quite the zombie apocalypse everyone may have been suspecting what with the rise of more pandemics and illnesses sweeping the planet and causing the population to drop to 2.1 billion. No, something far more wonderous, far more horrifying had happened.

I heard a soft moan from the cell opposite mine. I stretched my neck slightly, pressing my shoulder blades back to gently crack where my spine had been building up a silent tension over the past hour I’d been waiting. She arrived a few hours ago, unconscious; which was not uncommon for new prisoners. She’d been laying in a heap; I could not see her well in that position. I had tried to wake her—but she was out cold.

A small jet of light beamed in through a crack in the stone wall of my cell, pointedly shot over my shoulder, landing at the foot of her cell. I approached the iron poles that had locked me in here for the past fortnight. I had become accustomed to my cell though; I had frequented these halls before as a guard. Now, the roles had turned. I had angered the gods, and it was my turn to be punished.

I felt my body ache with the effort of movement. Staying still made things easier, drew less attention, but I knew how frightening it was to wake up, alone, on these cold stone floors. My body briefly blocked the beam of light, everything was darkness beyond me. I shifted to let it peer past me again and immediately I saw her face, squinting as the light hit her eyes. She stumbled back a little, out of the blinding stream.

She spoke, “hello?” It was a soft and sweet sound that reminded me of red cherries and the taste of a crisp apple and its nectar trickling its juices down your throat. Her voice was gentle, but panicked, frightened. The hazy bleeding of the light’s ray lit up our area well enough for me to see her fully.

Her hair was a mess of black falling loosely around her shoulders, she was slender; almost too thin as though she’d not eaten in far too long. My heart ached out for her, swelled and burst in my chest, desperate to give her what small comforts I could offer in this dilapidated world. I found myself speechless for a moment though, noticing a red ‘X’ carved beneath her left eye, blood dried to her cheek where it had dripped down during her sleep. I was familiar with these markings.

When one did something to anger the gods, a mark would be placed upon offenders to identify the price they’d have to pay if they committed another wronging. I had one on my right wrist—I would lose my hand at the next offence. I was labelled as one who had given a ‘helping hand’ where one was not allowed. I had been working as a guard here for a little over two months when they’d brought in one young boy for crimes against the gods. He had trespassed on private property and was given an X above his right ankle. He had just turned 18 and was the youngest prisoner we’d had yet. I freed him.

She though, this woman who trembled across from me, would lose her eye. This was usually for those who had seen something they shouldn’t have. Attended an event above their ranking, for example.

I found my voice.

“My name is Natalia.” I said, keeping my tone as calm and unthreatening as I could hope to sound as a shadowy figure in a prison cell.

She paused a moment, I noticed she was shifting slightly in her kneeling position, nails dug into her thighs. She was wearing the common prisoner clothes, same as me—a rough brown tunic and baggy shorts. I heard a soft breathy sigh escape her lips as she steeled herself.

“I am Sara.” She finally said, her voice a raspy whisper, strain evident as she tried to speak.

“Are you okay, Sara?” I asked, plainly.

“I'm...” she started, “I...” she started pulling at some loose strands from her shorts. “I need to pee.”

*003*2024-08-07 17:15

It was then we were both startled by the sound of a large metal door scraping the cobblestone. A guard was entering the hall, the thudding of his metal capped boots echoing in the long passageway. The hallway itself spanned ages in the direction to my right, the exit to the outside world so far that though you could see the light from its opening, the rays themselves stopped short far beyond where they'd have any impact of making our area more visible.

Light flooded our area from his lit lantern, the orange and yellow hues dancing on the stone. The guard did not look at me, but I recognized him. I'd worked with him a few days and we'd become somewhat familiar, yet now I could have been shit on a sidewalk to him. He was looking instead at Sara who had straightened herself up from her bent over kneel and stood up, surprisingly still and gathered. But she looked terrified.

"Arm." Was all the guard said, as he was taking out a needle with a long, thin clear tube extending from its back. I immediately realized he had come for her blood, as was customary to retrieve from prisoners on steady intervals. I'd had mine taken the day before. The blood was used during sacrificial ceremonies to the gods.

I could see the anxiety in Sara's eyes as she took slow, deliberate steps towards him. She was so small compared to him, could be no more than 5'2 at most, and standing she looked even more frail than when she'd been a heap on the ground, and when she'd been kneeling.

She extended her shaking arm to him, through the bars of the cell and he immediately seized it in his fist, pulling her roughly towards him so her body crashed against the metal poles. She let out a shriek, her legs crossed and she instinctively tried to pull away but then a strange look came about her face. She must have realized how angering him further would put her in danger, small gasps escaped her lips as she did her best to collect herself and give him what he came for. Once he was sure she wouldn't budge, he released her arm and it fell slightly under its own weight, weak.

"Stay still." He said, his tone gruff and unkind. Her arm raised again, still trembling.

I watched as he jabbed her painfully with the needle, missing the vein several times as pained whimpers sounded deep in her throat within her closed and wincing lips. Once the blood had been nearly fully collected the guard wriggled the needle, trying to speed up the flow and I could see the hurt on her face as she let out a sharp "ahh!" and her body involuntarily jerked. Her free hand immediately shoved between her legs, gripping hard.

"Stay still, gods damn it!" He shouted, his voice a booming thunder, and she stilled again. Though I could not see her face as the guard stepped fully in front of her I could tell she was near tears, her breaths ragged and stuttering, her shadow shaking, cast from the light of the guard's lantern.

As the guard withdrew, putting the needle away into his coat, she was still pressed close against the bars and I had drifted close to the ones enclosing me. I could see her face better in the lantern's light. Her dark hair was not fully black as I had thought it was, it nearly was save for some ashen dark brown hues intermingled with it. Her eyes were grey, quite light in fact and one had a speckle of dark brown covering half its iris. That would be the eye she'd lose. Her face was lightly freckled and her skin was a very light shade of brown. Despite the fact that the guard was standing so near her, he did not notice how her hands had furled up the loose grey fabric of her prisoner shorts, how her fists dug into her, desperately. Instead, the guard huffed angrily, turned, and left us.

*004*2024-08-07 21:15

I felt a flutter in my chest as I watched her expression grow pleading, but it died in my chest as her dire situation wrapped around my heart. She didn't need to speak to tell me what I already was guessing at, but I was glad when I got to hear her sweet voice again, it was a brush of colour in this dull and sullen prison. "Natalia." She said. Hearing my voice on her lips made me feel some small joy, though I did not know why. And my cheeks felt warm and fizzing.

I was already looking at her, too hard probably, I could not look away, but still I made my gaze heavier, more thoughtful, "Yes?"

"I... I can't hold it, I have to-" She started, but I cut her off.

"You can't. We're given bathroom breaks at routine intervals, and sullying our prison uniforms would be seen as a disrespect to the gods who allow us to be modest and clothed. They will strip you naked, they will take your eye." My voice was hardened, I realised I was being too stern, guard sounding. I let a breath hush out from me as her expression twisted in further desperation, her eyebrows furrowing in a tight concentration. I did my best to sound gentle, "Can you hold it much longer?"

She shook her head. I watched as she pinched the delicate skin of her right inner thigh between two slender fingertips, trying to distract herself maybe?

"But you must-" I began, and it was she who cut me off then.

"I can't!" She whimpered, strained and teary eyed. I began to pace. I knew what I had to do.

I am no fool, I wasn't going to let myself be imprisoned in a place like this, not when I knew what was done to the prisoners. How we'd collect their blood, place blame on them for things they could not control, take away their body parts which were 'owed' to the gods due to whatever treason against them they'd committed. Prisoners would start to go a bit loopy even after the first month, some just after a few days, isolated in their cells and commanded to keep their voices quieted lest they be struck with a hard whip on while put on display as a warning to the others.

They had so little to do, to focus on, that they'd begin to lose their minds. So, I swallowed a guard key I'd swiped on the day I freed that prisoner, in case I were caught. Kept my own so I could return it and not raise suspicion. I had been put in this cell a mere 72 hours ago and passed the key after the first day, hid them in the crack where the light seeps through. Waited, biding my time, for the perfect moment to escape.

I moved quickly, I risked everything. I had wanted to wait until nightfall, on a night when the guards were occupied doing something more tedious, not on a day a new prisoner had arrived, not during the brightest part of the day. But, for her, I would try, I would succeed.

Wordlessly, I turned and rushed to grab the key, I felt my heart race as my fingers made contact with its cold metal. I moved as quietly as I could and unlocked my cell, looking up to Sara as I gently swung open the gate. Her eyes were wide with surprise. I glanced down and saw the fabric she was still gripping between her legs had a darker patch at its core, she had leaked. "You must hold it, just a little while longer, if you let go now the sensors beneath the cobblestone will activate."

"Sensors?" Her voice was small and quiet.

"They've got this place rigged with all sorts of devices, all designed to catch prisoners breaking any rules so that they may be punished in order to further please the gods. They'll take any excuse. Normally they'd be able to hear us talking, but I destroyed the microphones in this area."

I went to her gate and used the key. The key worked for all the locks, there were so many cells—it would be tedious for the guards to have different keys for each one. I opened the gate, urged her to move, but she remained still.

"Sara, come."

"I... if I move, I'll pee myself," her voice was so vulnerable, so raw with her strain.

"This is our only chance."

She braced herself, she kept one hand between her legs, she extended her other one to me. I raised an eyebrow, but realised she needed me to help steady her so I took her hand. The palm of her hand was so soft compared to mine which had calloused from my work, her slender hand fit easily in my slightly larger one, I intertwined my fingers with hers and gently pulled her out of the cell. "Ready? We must run." She nodded.

We broke immediately into a sprint, I did not dare look behind me, I keep my eyes on the prize, on the opening at the far end of the tunnel, the opening that I knew had no door. My chest began to squeeze with burning pain in my heaving lungs, and I could feel her beginning to tire behind me but I did not let us stop.

There had been no prisoners near our cells but now we were passing by many, many of which hated me for how I was forced to treat them, they began to yell and call for the guards. I'm sure our loud running had already alerted them and I heard the slam of the metal door behind us, heard guards yelling. We made it to the opening and my heart sunk.

There had never been a gate there before, but now there was a chainlink barrier between us and freedom. I could hear Sara begin to whimper soft "ngghh" sounds behind me, felt her take her hand from mine, cold replacing where her warmth had been. I watched her twist the fabric of her shorts by her crotch, pushing both of her fists between her legs again. "Natalia!" Her voice was so very desperate, I wondered why she didn't just let go as the guards were already alerted, but I didn't have time to ponder this thought and before I could try to think of a solution, something wonderous happened.

I had never seen a god before, I did not know what they looked like or any idea of what to expect. But suddenly there one stood, on the other side of the chainlink barrier, looking at us between the gaps in the metal. She was beautiful; she was perfect, I can't begin to properly do justice to her presence, her entity. Her light blue hair flowed down her back in gentle waves, her striking emerald eyes were shining, dazzlingly and impossibly iridescent as they flowed from green to blue to purple. Her skin was flawless, not a single line or imperfection. She looked as though she were a painting, not real, and when she spoke it was like music that danced pleasure through your body.

"Oh why hello, mortals" she sung. "Agree to do a service for me, and I will rescue you" the words floated like bubbles and each syllable popped a gentle rainbow.

Even though I could barely comprehend what was happening, I nodded immediately, my instinct to survive overpowering my human reflexes. She waved her hand and the gate vaporized into a silvery mist, falling around us. I took Sara's right hand into mine, it was slightly damp, and pulled her through the mist. It tasted like metal.

We were bathed in the honeyed sunlight, squinting to adjust our eyes to it. I looked behind us and where the opening had been was now filled in with more stone as if there'd never been a gap there. My mouth must have been gaping, my expression bewildered, I turned back to the goddess and she was giggling, snapped her fingers, and disappeared in a blink.

I turned to Sara, who was bent over at the waist, squeezing her legs together something fierce. I noticed something else too, our clothes had been replaced with beautiful coloured silks, just like the clothes I used to wear. "Mmmhph." Sara sounded.

"Sara, just pee, it's okay now. But we have to keep moving. They'll find us, they know where we are." Her right hand was still in mine and I began to pull her, running again. We were on top of a cliff, waves of the sea rolling harshly against the sharp rocks below. I led us down a pathway to our left, winding all the way down the hill, the downward descent making us go even faster. I kept pulling Sara, hyperfocused and resolute in my goal to get us to safety.

I led us all the way to my home, my house in the busy city square. The city was alight with its usual hustle and bustle and grandeur. It was a beautiful place to live, the marble cut stones of the ground reflecting the sun and brightening everything up even more. People wore fine clothes and walked with an importance to their demeanour, like they were better than everyone else. Children played with brightly coloured ribbons, using their hands to dance them in the air around in twirls. Thanks to our clothes, we blended in perfectly.

I walked up to my house, a tall and slender building with a delicately carved white wood door. The roof was adorned with silvery tassel like decorations and the windows had various stained glass designs on their upper halves for when the sunlight rose in the sky. I quickly took the spare key I had hidden in bottom of a flower pot and opened the door. I pulled Sara in quickly, locked the door behind us. I had to catch my breath, my body was burning with exhaustion, I could only imagine how the smaller woman felt, so I turned to check on her.

My mouth fell open again, she was shaking, almost violently, as if she were cold in a terrible blizzard. I couldn't understand why for a moment, but then I saw her hands clutching her thighs, fingers curling in and then out repeatedly, rapdily. She was bouncing from foot to foot and I saw the noticable bulge in her lower abdomin beneath her silk red dress which hugged at her small curves. "You still haven't-"

"I can't!" Her voice cried, my heart ached.

"Sara, my bathroom is upstairs, go, quickly!" I noticed how often I said her name, I suppose I liked saying it.

"I can't..." she said again, and I could tell she was struggling to move at all. Tears were forming in the corners of her light grey eyes.

"Just go then, you're in pain."

"I'm trying, I've been trying!" Her voice was almost angry. I was confused, and she was looking into my eyes now and could see that. "I... I struggle to, when I'm nervous..." she sounded embarrassed, defeated and ashamed. "I feel like I've been holding it so long that I don't even know how to relax."

I didn't know what to do, she was beginning to sweat and I saw a bead roll down her right temple. Her cheeks were flushed. I said, "Just keep trying."

She paused, moved her hands to cover her eyes, spread her legs a little. I felt heat rush to my cheeks, was I feeling her embarassment? She peered at me from between her fingers, her expression made my breath catch in my throat. "Can you look away, please..."

I turned and faced the staircase. I waited for a long moment.

"Mhmph... no..." Her voice was so fragile. "I... I just can't!" I turned around, she had her hands on the bulge of her bladder, she was pressing gently into it and her face was scrunched up in a panicked pain.

"Stop that, you'll just hurt yourself."

"Please..." she was a breath away from crumbling, "...help."

Instinct took over, I gently took her hands away from her abdomin, my hands palms up with her fingers delicately laying on their surface. I knelt down onto the ground, sat there and led her to sit with me. She did so very slowly, as if each movement was sending ripples through the liquid pent up inside of her, her body trembling from the effort. I pulled her into my arms, shushed her softly, stroked her hair; it was so soft. "It's okay, you're safe now, everything is okay."

Her small body was pressed against me, her face burried in my neck, her cheek against my skin. "...everything's okay." She repeated, her breath against the skin of my neck. I shivered, the hairs on the nape of my neck prickling. But she still wasn't peeing. Her body was heaving slightly, I could feel it tremble then try to relax only to start trembling again. I wanted to take her pain away.

"I've got you. Okay? I've got you." When I said that she sighed, her body melting against mine slightly, her hands against the silver silk of my shirt, curling her fingers in slightly.

She gasped softly, her face tilted up, her lips were by my left ear. "Aahh..mmm...ohh, fuck..." her fingers dug into my chest. I felt the ground growing wet and warm. For some reason my head starting spinning slightly, everything felt so intimate and personal. "Natalia... I'm peeing..."

I said something stupid, "I can feel that."

"MMmm" she made a sad, embarrassed sound.

"I mean—good. That's good, keep going, relax. I want you to feel better."

She nuzzled into my neck, her lips on my ear now but I don't think she was aware of this. She was lost in her physical sensations. I could only imagine how the relief must have been feeling. Her breathing was as steady as her urine flowing from her, pooling underneath the two of us, soaking my pants and traveling up their dark blue fabric to the hem of my shirt. "Gods, oh thank gods," she breathed. She was making small "mm" noises that sounded the same as those made in pleasure, and I felt my face flush again as they moaned into my ear, her breath tickling my skin. I couldn't help but marvel at how beautiful her voice was, her sounds were.

I was so relieved that she was no longer in pain, and I felt some pride in being able to help her achieve her release. I gently stroked her back, from the top to the bottom where I felt some dampness that had traveled up there too. She was swaying slightly in my arms, she was still peeing and I couldn't believe how much she had held inside of her small body. I raised my other hand to cradle the back of her head to me. I felt her body still tremble every few seconds, the puddle on the floor now reaching to either side of the narrow entrance hall we sat in.

Finally, she gently pulled away from me, and I felt an emptiness where she had been, felt a strange sorrow fill my chest. "I'm sorry," she said. I shook my head, but she said it again, "I'm so sorry" She looked down at the floor, at her puddle. I couldn't stand to see the tears forming again in her eyes so I pulled her to me again, embraced her.

"You have nothing to be sorry for." I said it, steadfast. I hoped that she coud hear the truth in my words, but she didn't speak for a moment and I silently worried I'd upset her somehow. I'm not sure why I worried that, but I did not want her to feel unsafe with me, and even if there was nothing I did or said wrong, I worried anyways. Feared the moment she'd pull away again, leaving me empty.

But she didn't, instead, she wrapped her slender arms around me and said, "thank you."

*006*2024-08-07 21:31

@warham1995

Thank you & absolutely, as well as both character's backstories and more lore in general!

*008*2024-08-07 21:38

@warham1995

All will be revealed in time... 🙂

*010*2024-08-07 22:51

I led her up my staircase, a tall window at the top of it with a curved top and rimmed in silver metal. Pink and orange hues from the sunset hazed through its crystal glass. We ascended, the steps quiet beneath our feet. My house was quite new, only constructed a few years ago. Her hand was in mine as I led her and we turned right at the top, went down the short hall and entered my bedroom and then the en suite bathroom on its right-hand side. I let her know she could use and towels and toiletries she pleased and then left her to bathe and clean herself.

I retrieved some satin pijamas from my chest of drawers, simple but elegant black shorts adorned with a lace rim and a black sleeveless shirt to match. I went downstairs and cleaned up her puddle.

When I returned to my bedroom she was leaving the bathroom, wrapped tightly in one of my plush green towels. Her expression was more relaxed now, but her eyes were widening as her eyes scanned around. I realized she was taking in her surroundings—my room.

My bed was quite high off the ground, but not so high as though you'd have to hoist yourself up. Its mattress was so lush and the downy purple sheets like air against your skin. I valued my sleep very much and spared no expense when it came to my sleeping arrangements. The floors were a plush off-white frieze carpet, one that your toes sink into like a fluffy cloud. My bedroom was not particularly large, I preferred feeling cozy and the modest size felt more intimate and soothing. Its walls were a light shade of pale baby blue, the ceiling a golden colour with a sparkly crystal light that hung from it and would sway softly in the wind, chiming out little diamond sounds.

I had a chest of drawers on the wall opposite the entry door. Beside that was a double glass door leading to the balcony which overlooked a garden in my backyard. The other side of my bed, against the wall where the door was, was a antique wooden dressing table and mirror with a stool. Her eyes were raking over every detail, she looked mesmerized.

I moved from the doorway to her side, passed her the satin pijamas and she excused herself into the bathroom to put them on. I felt exhaustion creeping over me like a thick fog, my mind becoming hazy with the need to sleep. I hadn't been in my home since I was forced to become a guard. I had kept my identity hidden, did not let them know of my home so that it would not be taken from me and repurposed in my absence.

I drifted to my bed, unable to resist its temptation any longer. I crawled underneath its sheets, feeling them envelop me, consume me into near sleep but then I heard the bathroom door open again and I forced myself to sit up, the sheets falling to my lap.

Sara was wearing the satin pijamas now, they fell slightly loose around her, her curves were not as pronounced as mine, I took notice of how thin she was again and felt guilty. I suddenly felt angry at whoever had mistreated her and it may have sounded slightly in my voice as I said "I'm sorry, I should have offered sooner, would you like something to eat?" She shook her head.

"No, I'm... I'm too tired to eat," she said, her eyes still searching my room, landing still on the sunset which was hitting some of the stained glass in the lower parts of the windows and creating swirling and colourful designs on the carpet.

I forced myself to stand up, my body trying to reject the movements, "I don't have a guest room, but you can take my bed and I can sleep on the couch." I didn't phrase it as a question, I wanted her to have a comfortable rest.

"Your bed is plenty big enough for the both of us, I wouldn't mind sharing..." she said, then her expression turned embarrassed again, like she'd said something aloud that she thought she only thought of.

I felt a heat crawl up my neck, into my cheeks. "That would be fine." I replied. My bed was big enough to accomodate the two of us.

She moved towards me, I could see her in my peripheral as I got back into my bed. She got in beside me, shifted under the covers and then lay still. I heard her let out a soft sigh and looked to her. She was smiling and I realized she was already asleep. Exhaustion was taking me over too, so quick, but my body couldn't help but feel hyper aware to her presence. I wanted to hold her again. I felt my thoughts drifting, I imagined reaching out to her, pulling her close. My thoughts felt almost real, as if I could feel my fingertips gliding over the soft sheets, searching for her. I had to place my hands underneath my thighs to keep them from seeking her out. I fell asleep almost instantly.

When I awoke to the sunlight hitting my eyes the next day, I could tell by its angle that it was already well past noon. We'd likely slept over twelve hours.

I shifted in the bed and when I, half-asleep, went to move I realized that something was holding me back. I came more into my senses, felt that it was her fingers gently curled around my wrist. I looked to Sara and she was still asleep on her side facing me, her breaths coming out slow and steady. I felt myself gasp, the sunlight on her and her gentle features making my heartbeat quicken. Her hair had dried now and I saw its natural soft waves, not impossibly perfect like the goddess we'd seen, but... No. They were perfect. Her lips were slightly parted and I couldn't stop my mind from wandering and questioning how they might feel against mine. Would they be as soft as they looked? No, I couldn't be thinking these things. There was so much else I needed to focus on, such as that goddess who had aided our escape... for a price.

I felt a twinge in my bladder and realized I hadn't peed since before she woke in that cell the day prior. I became painfully aware of my bladder and knew I had to relieve myself. It saddened me to have to gently peel away her fingers from my wrist, but I was desperate. I felt the slosh of liquid inside of me when I stood up and winced, pressing my knees together and taking a moment to compose myself before making my way towards my bathroom. I went in and began to dance slightly, hopping from foot to foot as I saw the toilet in front of me. Not very ladylike, I thought. But I never cared much for being ladylike, though my family did.

The pressure on my urethra was almost overwheming. I could feel the weight of my bladder, it pressed down inside of me and placed a pressure against the inner walls of my vagina. I suddenly felt moisture and grew worried. I moved my hand down, under the fabric of the pijama pants I had on and my finger accidentally grazed my clit as I sought to see if I had leaked. I shivered instantly, biting my lip to stifle a moan. I then noticed that I was wet... but not with pee.

A sudden wave of desperation came over me and I buckled at my knees. I hurried and sat on the familiar ceramic seat, heard my stream spring forth from me, gushing out needily from my body and splattering against the water in the toilet bowl. I let out a low moan, arching my head back and feeling small waves of something like pleasure in my mid-section. Another involuntary moan escaped my lips, louder this time and longer. I clamped a hand over my mouth, silencing the sound, surprised at my own noises. My thoughts raced. I remembered how her head had too titled back when she peed, held in my arms. Had she felt this good? I couldn't believe how good it felt, I had never had to pee as badly before. I was grateful I had a bathroom so near, I wasn't sure how I'd faired if I'd been caught elsewhere. Honestly, I hadn't even realized I needed to go before waking up. I probably needed to before I went to sleep but my body must have been too worked up with adrenaline to notice my basic human needs.

I was still relieving myself, still feeling that pleasure inside me which was beginning to build in some foreign yet familiar way, my breath was coming out in short, quick pants and my cheeks must have been fully red in a blush. I fought the urge to reach down between my legs and rub myself, feeling my stream of pee in the process, but then I recalled Sara lying unaware in the room outside. I didn't want to pleasure myself where she'd hear, where it might make her feel uncomfortable. And, I felt strange too... that I was getting turned on by the sensation of peeing. Or was it the sensations caused by the fullness of my bladder? I wasn't sure.

When I exited the bathroom Sara was awake. She was sat up in my bed, her expression more focused than I'd seen it before. She asked, "So, who are you?"

*014*2024-08-11 19:09

(Author’s note: I am going try something, just for fun, while writing this next entry. I already feel the urge to pee right now, and I’m going to try and drink just over a liter of water that I’ve got sitting beside me on my desk and I will continue writing for as long as I can. When I end this section, you’ll know it’s because I was too desperate to continue.)

I cocked my eyebrow at Sara, smirked a little as I understood how strange the situation must seem to her. “I’ll explain everything,” I said, knowing there was no point in keeping things secret what with us both being in this strange situation together. We’d escaped prison and, thankfully, it was highly unlikely we’d be caught. “But first, let’s get something to eat.”

I lent Sara a simple outfit to wear; a white blouse with a long checkered yellow and light brown pleated skirt along with some white socks with lace trim. I dressed myself in my usual colours: a deep red blouse and dark grey trousers. I enjoyed getting to properly pamper myself for the first time since being abducted into the prison guard role. I brushed out my long blonde hair into its naturally straight mid-back length and placed a couple decorative black clips on either side tightly hold my bangs out of my face. I noticed the dark circles under my eyes where normally none were, it was evident that the time in that prison had taken its toll on me.

“I’ve put on a kettle for some tea, there’s a variety of bags you can choose from in this cupboard, I won’t be a moment.” I said, leaving Sara sitting at my dark round wood kitchen table.

I made my way to the marketplace just outside my front door and back within 20 minutes and began cooking us some eggs and toast. I had purchased fresh butter and garden tomatoes to put into fluffy omelets.

“Are you going to answer my question?” Sara asked, surprisingly pointedly, and when I turned to look at her with an amused look she quickly looked down to the table where her tea sat. “Sorry, you did rescue me, just-not knowing things-I hate feeling in the dark about what’s happening...” her voice was so soft again and I felt myself walking on a cloud to her as I placed our food filled plates on the table.

“Duchess Natalia Silvina Haste of Witherton,” I stood up tall in a mock regal stance. “but people here know me as Jacqueline.” I said, then took my seat beside her. “And I don’t judge your anxiety, I would be cautious too if I were in your place.”

She picked up her knife and fork and took a small bite of the omelet then her eyes widened, and she began eating much quicker, much less ladylike. I felt sympathy and questions bubbling inside me but I answered hers first.

“My main estate is in Witherton with my family but I visit other places during the summer under false names and rent out different houses.” She looked at me, quizzically. “For fun, to take a break from my parents and the rules of our community. We serve the God of Fortune, though he’s never graced our presence as I know some gods do at times. We are given much in wealth but are made to present ourselves in perfect condition for neighbouring lands as our god is very narcissistic and in love with themself, wanting the other gods to view him and his followers as better their them and theirs. It can be exhausting and-”

She cut me off, “Why were you working as a guard?” she said with her mouth full.

“Let’s just say I pissed off the god here.”

“And just how did you manage to piss off the God of Persuasion?”

“I made him fall in love with me then broke his heart.”

“Okay, now the truth.”

“Fine, fine. I had been visiting the local gallery when I had a bit too much to drink and spilt my red wine all over a statue of him, I know, not a very epic tale. I like mine better.”

“I like the truth better.” her tone was annoyed.

“Okay, I’ll keep to the point then. I didn’t personally meet the god or anything but the authorities deemed my punishment to be to be put to service in his name. I managed to persuade them not to mark my wrist with an X, ironic right? Persuaded the Persuasion followers.”

Sara sighed, rolling her eyes.

“You’re a bit uptight,” I said.

“I’m just nervous.”

“Don’t be, we’re safe now,” my voice was not convincing.

“We’re indebted to a Goddess.”

“Right... well, to cut a long story short, I lied to the authorities and gave them another fake passport so they wouldn’t tie me to the name Jacqueline or my home here. I don’t let people get to know me much when I travel, so thankfully that makes me quite forgettable and able to spin such lies. I worked as a guard for the past 2 months up until two weeks ago when I was caught freeing a prisoner and then imprisoned myself. You know the rest.”

“Make a habit of getting yourself into trouble then?”

“Guess I’m just too kind and enjoy fun too much,” I flashed a low-eyed flirty look and smirked at her.

“Or just stupid.” She didn’t look up from her food.

“Well, miss Sara, you going to tell me how you ended up in prison?” I pointed to the X under her left eye. Her expression faltered into a sadness and I immediately felt guilt at my teasing tone.

“Well, for starters, my name is Sara Primrose and I was living at a village not far from here, Watercrest Village. I was one of the few who were tasked with personally tending to the Goddess of Bounty and Harvest.”

(Author’s note: An update for you readers, I’ve finished just over half a liter of water and can feel the pressure steadily growing... if these updates are distracting, I can remove them in future entries, just let me know).

I interrupted her this time, “You’ve met a god before then...”

“Yes, and she was fucking horrible. She liked to take turns making examples of her servants, removing our food privileges to warn the rest of her followers that she could be kind but also ruthless if anyone were to disobey her or show a lack of obedience. Power hungry and self-centered.”

“It seems most if not all gods are this way, but somehow the Goddess of Bounty and Harvest acting as such surprises me. She’s who lets our food grow and waters run clean and fresh... We’ve had such good crops and soil this past year since they invaded our lands... illnesses have even gone down since they’ve gotten more involved.”

“She’s a fucking cunt!” Sara said, her voice trembled on the last word, and I kept quiet for the rest of her explanation. She had finished eating now. “I was so hungry yesterday, I hadn’t been allowed to even... relieve myself, as you know... with what happened...” she trailed off then continued, “it was my turn to take her cruel ‘kindness’ and I had had enough. I decided to sneak into her secret garden, the one no mortals were allowed to see, and eat some of the fruits there in spite of her, I was so sure she had stepped away, doing some duties and would not notice. I... was wrong. She caught me in the act as I was plucking a pomegranate from one of her trees and she flew to me in all her range, her steps a blur... everything happened so fast. I was then brought to the prison.”

I felt my chest heavy with sorrow for her, I didn’t know what to say so I tried to make light on it, “You make a habit of getting yourself into trouble then too.” I wasn’t sure if she’d appreciate my light remark but to my surprise she replied.

“I s’pose I do.”

“Well, it might make sense for us to leave this place. Although people don’t really know me well, it’ll be better not to risk being recognized and I’m sure they’ll be a search party looking for us. Let’s leave.”

“We’re just going to leave?”

“What else would we do? Come with me back to my home in Witherton, I will make sure you are well tended for.”

“But my family... my home.”

“We have no other choice, you could make a clean break somewhere else but I could help you.”

“Why do you want to help me?”

The question took me off guard, I considered my answer and replied truthfully, “Because I want to. Simple as that, now... you can accept my offer or go your own way.” My heart tugged in my chest as I hoped she’d go with me.

“Okay, you’re right. And it seems like my best shot...”

“We should go now.”

We stood up and I notice a twinge in Sara’s expression as she did. “May I use your restroom quickly?” She asked, in a very polite tone. It was interesting how she was so soft spoken and polite but it could so quickly be replaced by annoyance and a sharp tone when things didn’t go her way.

“Of course.”

She excused herself and made her way to my bathroom upstairs. Then I heard a shriek. I rushed upstairs and found Sara backing up from the open bathroom door, she heard me rush in behind her and looked at me then, wordless and shocked, pointed a shaking finger in the direction of the bathroom.

I walked into the room and looked at what she was pointing at and my own jaw dropped and eyebrows raised in surprise.

There, sitting on the closed toilet seat, was the goddess we’d seen before.

“Why hello again mortals, fancy finding you here in this pretty little house. Didn’t peg two prisoners to be so rich and also didn’t guess that you two were lovers.” She lulled out the last word, prettily, her voice a radiant pleasure. “But as the Goddess of Love, nothing surprises me. You mortals sure have odd tastes and attractions at times so nothing really surprises me at all anymore!” We both stared, dumbfounded, and I felt my nerves creeping into my stomach, twisting with worry. “Now, now, don’t be so shy and scared. I’ve come to collect my price for helping you two out of your little pickle back there.”

“Goddess of Love...” Sara sounded the title out slowly.

“Don’t repeat things dear, it makes you sound daft and that’s not attractive.” Love stood up from the toilet seat and walked into the room with us, closing the door behind her. I noticed Sara shifting slightly from foot to foot and grasping at the hem of her shirt. “Let’s take this conversation somewhere I prefer.” And with a snap of her fingers we were transported in the blink of an eye to a pretty clearing by the edge of a forest in front of a running stream. We were both sat at these delicately and beautifully crafted metal bistro chairs and table, Love sitting and sipping some rose gold coloured tea which sparkled in the sunlight. “Drink, we’ve got to chat.” She said, well, more demanded.

I noticed Sara crossing her legs, the quiver in her eyebrows as her forehead wrinkled slightly and she quickly lifted the small ceramic cup in obedience. I thought how her time in service to Bounty and Harvest had probably molded her to obey commands swiftly. I sipped my tea as well.

“Now, the task is simple. You are going to visit the God of Sincerity and steal his chalice of truth for me. It is in his temple behind a bookcase that has a secret book you can pull to open a hidden room. This bastard placed a protection veil around the place so no other god can enter. Now, make haste, and do not fail me.”

She snapped her fingers and we were suddenly standing in front of a glorious temple, a grand and imposing structure. It was made of gleaming white marble, its tall columns and intricate friezes catching the sunlight.

(Author’s Note: I am beginning to find it more difficult to concentrate on writing, the small pangs of need in my bladder are coming in closer intervals and I can feel the pressure reaching a point where it’s difficult to be distracted from. My legs are crossed now and leaning forward almost hurts a little but also feels pleasurable so I'm doing so every so often).

Sara went inside immediately and I quickly rushed after her, my steps quick and deliberate. Inside the temple was empty, the air cool and solemn, with the statue of the God of Sincerity towering in the dim light, carved from ivory and gold. The sloping roof, adorned with terracotta tiles, sheltered the sacred space.

“We’re once again in a situation with few choices. But, should we at least consider what just happened before marching in here? We don’t know if the god will be here or anything at all really.” I said, placing a hand on her shoulder to stop her.

“We don’t have any other choice, actually. The god won’t be here, Bounty and Harvest often spoke of him, he is her lover after all, and I know he goes to the far lands during the summer months. It’s partially the reason why she punishes us even more during these times.” Her words came out too quick, as rushed as her footsteps had been.

“Still, we should-”

“No, let’s get this done, quickly please.” She spoke both politely and annoyed, somehow at the same time.

I shrugged, I mean... this whole situation, everything about everything going on for us and in the world in general was absolute maddness. I had to laugh at its absurdity.

“Why are you laughing?” She was just annoyed now and I noticed she suddenly bent over slightly at the waist and remembered how she had wanted to use the toilet before our leaving.

“Sorry, this is just so crazy.”

“It is. And I’d like to get it over with as soon as possible.” She marched off in the direction of the tall bookcase fixed in the wall, situated behind the statue of the god. I realized I’d get nowhere with words, so I just followed her. Her footsteps were quick but quite close together, I assumed she must have been quite desperate to pee but didn’t want to say anything since she clearly was not wanting to focus on that right now.

Sara began fumbling and pulling out books in no particular order and I joined in, doing my best to try and spot any that looked out of place or having any other defining quality.

We continued pulling at books for a good ten minutes but the bookcase was huge and filled with hundreds of books. “Fuck sake...” she breathed out in a whisper under her breath. She pulled out one more book and tossed it to the ground behind us, the thud echoing throughout the temple. Then, she suddenly squeezed her eyes shut and bent over almost fully, using one hand to steady herself on the bookcase and twisting her legs into a pretzel like position.

“If you had to go so badly, why didn’t you go earlier?”

“We were talking!” The words shot out of her mouth, her forehead now perspiring slightly. I couldn’t help but find it cute that she had ignored her own need to have and finish our conversation in the kitchen.

Then, suddenly, a deep, resonant creak echoed through the temple as the massive bookcase slowly began to move, the ancient wood groaning as it fully opened like a door and revealed a hidden room behind it. Sara forced herself to stand up straight, hands in fists by her sides as she took frustrated steps inside. We found the chalice, but, we also found something else. Someone else. And when we shot our attention to the figure standing to our left, we knew we’d fucked up.

“Took you long enough,” Sincerity’s deep, gravelly and rich voice said, I recognized his image from the statue. His eyes were just as deep as his voice, his dark brown skin was as flawless as Love’s was but he looked older and wiser. “I hate dishonesty, I’m sure you know. I hate thieves, liars, and both of you now for whatever treachery it is you are up to.”

Sara was dancing on the spot, the shock of seeing the god clearly too much on her strained and trying-to-stay-clenched body. She had both her hands in between her legs, clenching at and balling up the fabric of her skirt the same way she had with the prison shorts the day before.

“And what’s this? Seems you’re desperate for more than my punishment.” Sincerity said, approaching Sara and placing a hand on her chin, tilting her head up to meet his gaze. He practically towered over the short woman, he must have been at least 6’5.

(Author’s note: I’m sitting on the heel of my foot. I won’t be able to take this much longer... If any longer at all. I just finished the entire slightly-over-a-liter bottle of water. My clit is thrumming, and I can feel a pulsing sensation down there.)

“I-we-we were just-” Sara stammered, one hand now raised in a defensive motion and the other now with its fingers pointed, pressing directly against her urethra.

“Who sent you, and why?” He was looking at me now and I felt the strangest sensation, like my mind was suddenly filled with a deep care, a sort of pull into my very being that made the words empty from me like an autonomic breath does. I told him everything. I told him what Love had tasked us with carrying out for her.

“I see.” He said, his eyes narrowing. “I will do something about this.” He said, more to himself than us. “And as for your punishments.” He looked at me and a sly smile grew at the corner of his dark lips. “Do you care for this girl?” He asked, gesturing to Sara with one of his large hand.

“I do.”

“How much?”

“So very much.” He pulled the words and my truth out from me.

“Then this will act as your punishment too.” He waved a hand over Sara and her eyes went blank for a moment, completely white before fading back to normal. He swept his hand down over her lower abdomen, a light forming in the air between his hand and her body, muttering something I could not hear.

“Leave. Or I’ll see it fit to do far worse.”

We exited the hidden room and the bookcase closed behind us, leaving us alone in the temple’s grand interior.

(Author’s note: I can’t focus anymore and I’m rocking back and forth and bouncing a bit, it’s not often I get this desperate to pee. I’ll have to end this entry here as I may need to train myself more so I can write for longer while desperate. Hope you enjoy this entry.)

*019*2024-08-18 11:01

{{23 hours ago, Nova said:

The story is really cool!! The updates about your own desperation are a really nice idea but I find them a little distracting, maybe you could add them in a new paragraph after the chapter.

(Just a feedback, if other people like them this way then it's ok!)

}}

Thank you for the feedback, I'll keep the updates separate if I end up doing another hold. I'm glad you're enjoying the story! 😊

*020*2024-08-23 10:18

{{On 8/17/2024 at 10:49 PM, hahahaha8 said:

This is defo one of the most interesting concepts/stories I read in a while here! Keep up the good work! Also personally I love author’s notes!

}}

Thank you very much, it's lovely to know you are enjoying it 😊 I'll be writing more soon, this week is just very busy for me but I have most of the next part in the works already and it's quite an exciting chapter 🤭

*022*2024-08-27 21:06

{{On 8/23/2024 at 4:42 PM, For The Peeple said:

This story is amazing, and the author notes are amazing as well! I love the build up of your desperation along with the character's, the world building is very fascinating as well without distracting from the hotness of it, keep up the amazing work!

}}

Ah that's lovely to hear, thank you! 😊 Should hopefully have some time to add the next part soon!

*023*2025-07-18 23:33

Author’s Note: Hey, I’m back! 😊 Got a sudden spark of inspiration to keep writing this story and curious to see if there’s still interest.

~

What lengths would you go to, in a time when pleasure is fleeting and fear rules your mind, to feel a little joy?

It started just over a year ago. The world was in utter disarray. Our population had dwindled to 2.1 billion and was continuing to decline rapidly. We humans never learned our lesson—we kept exhausting the world’s resources and tampering with things we shouldn’t, which led to widespread poverty, famine, droughts, diseases and pandemics. It was only a matter of time, they said, until we would wipe ourselves and many other species out to extinction.

And that was when we were all made to feel like proper idiots. It turned out we had all gotten it so very, very wrong. Those of us following organized religions, those who were spiritual, and even atheists like myself—we were all wrong. Throughout history, various cultures developed pantheons—groups of gods like the Greeks, Norse, Egyptians, and others—to explain the world around them. It seems the Greeks were the closest, but not exactly correct either. None of us truly understood. It turns out we had all been ruled by a different pantheon all along, and now they have made themselves known.

The gods took over.

They all came at once, united and towering over us in their brilliance. Every news station broadcast their arrival, but soon they demanded that we cease most of our electronic activities. They told us to return to simpler times in order to heal the world and save the human race—their creation—as well as other lifeforms on Earth. They had grown tired of our idiocy and recklessness, and they made that perfectly clear through public proclamations posted in every town, heralds spreading their commands from place to place, and massive gatherings where they presented their demands.

I wondered if they hated us—for what we had become and what we had made of the world they gave us—but it was also evident they loved us, in their own godly and twisted way. Perhaps they simply loved being entertained by our existence. It was obvious that, above all, they loved themselves and the control they held. And they would not tolerate seeing their creation fail in such a pitiful manner.

They divided what remained of the world and assigned us to different areas of worship, where they watched over us, lived among us, or came and went as they pleased. They did as they wished, put us firmly in our place, and became the new law. We dismantled our governments and submitted completely. What choice did we have? They held the power to destroy our world in an instant.

People couldn’t believe it. As a species, we were dumbfounded. A few radicals who had clung to the old tales of pantheons rose up and proudly declared, “I told you so.” Some of them even went on to become heralds of the gods. It was absurd, honestly. Many couldn’t wrap their heads around it, and those who rejected the gods quickly felt their wrath and punishment.

There is no clear hierarchy among the gods. Each seems to carry their own sense of importance and a unique role in the creation of our universe. From what we understand, there are around one hundred gods in total. Some currently rule over us, some have been outcast, others have abandoned the project and remain in their own realms—and some we know absolutely nothing about.

Naturally, they didn’t allow us access to all their knowledge. We were only given what they decided we needed to know.

As you know, I am Duchess Natalia Silvina Haste of Witherton, heir to the Witherton Grande Estate and daughter of Duke Renalds Haste of Witherton. Our people serve the God of Fortune, a god we have never seen but whose orders are delivered through his herald. We are told to enjoy the wealth he grants us and to flaunt it, so that we appear superior to the followers of other gods. The gods, as you might expect, do not all get along. They each seem to have rather large personalities. I enjoy traveling to different places in the hope of finding some reprieve. It’s exhausting to constantly maintain the regal role expected of us. The rules of our community are simple. Be poised, intelligent, and exceptional. If you falter, you face punishment. It’s both draining and terrifying. One misstep, and we too may find ourselves in a prison—marked with an X.

I was allowed to travel by claiming that I was showcasing the fortune our god has given us and continue proving that our people live better than the followers of any other god. That is not what I truly do, of course. As I mentioned, I commission fake passports and travel under different names. I can be anyone I wish, or no one at all, if that is what I prefer. Yes, if I were caught, the consequences would be severe. But I have managed so far.

The city I had been staying in most recently serves the God of Persuasion. It is beautiful, certainly, but even there, many live in fear. We all do, to some extent. Some try to deny it, some devote themselves completely, and others have become nervous shells of their former selves.

Honestly, I keep my own opinion about the state of our world. The truth is, this is simply the way things are. We are creations of these beings. There is nothing we can do about that, nor about the fact that they have now chosen to make themselves known. Some of the gods, mind you, visited Earth centuries ago and deliberately spread conflicting stories to stir chaos and entertain themselves. That is how we ended up with such a mess of religions. But that is not the point I’m trying to make.

Before all of this, I was a nobody. And now, with these riches and this lifestyle, life for me is better than it was. But I know that is not the case for everyone.

~

The instant the bookcase closes shut, Sara’s knees buckle, and she sinks to the marble floor.

“Sara!” I say, alarmed, then catch myself and soften my voice. “Sara... are you okay?

“Hnn...” she groans, eyes shut, her hands shooting between her legs to hold herself.

“We must find somewhere safe. Whatever kind of magic he used on you, we need to figure it out—”

“I can’t move,” she says quietly. Her eyes look up at me, pleading. I feel my chest squeeze.

“I don’t know what he’s done, but I sort of know this area. My home is a few miles north. We could reach it in under two hours on foot—”

“Natalia.” She cuts me off. “I really... really have to go. Please don’t hate me if I... ahh... I just can’t hold it I think it’s going to come out and—”

I stop her, gently shaking my head as I quickly kneel by her side. A memory flashes of the last time we found ourselves in a similar situation. I realize what she’s going through, and how her immediate, physical need is outweighing even our godly crisis.

“It’s okay,” I whisper. “Just let it out. We need to leave and find a way to hide from Love before she punishes us for failing.”

“Okay... okay, I’ll try,” Sara says, parting her knees slightly as she kneels. I hear her exhale, slow and shaky and I wait for the inevitable.

But nothing happens.

“I... I can’t,” she whimpers. Her knees tremble, and her fingers clutch at the yellow and light brown checkered skirt bunched in her lap.

“Hey,” I say gently, placing a hand on her shoulder. “Just like before, okay? I’ve got you... and I won’t let anything bad happen.” I’m not even sure what I mean—I just know that comforting her helped last time, and right now, we’re in serious trouble and need to move fast. “We’ll get back to my home and figure something out. I’ll keep you safe,” I add, trying to believe my own words as I say them, so they sound confident.

I hear her soft, quick breaths becoming a bit more ragged.

“We just need to make it a few miles—” I begin.

“It’s not working. Something’s wrong...” she says, her brow furrowing with worry and a look of fear spread across her face.

Then I notice something move in the far corner of the room. I startle. Instinctively, I pull Sara close, placing myself between her and the shape emerging from the shadows.

But it’s not a creature. The shadow on the floor shifts and stretches, twisting and flowing as if alive. It takes the shape of a womanly figure before rising and fully materializing... another goddess.

She is clearly a goddess, with the power to shift between shadow and godly form. Her skin is a soft lilac purple, and her straight silver hair falls past her feet like a bridal train, trailing behind her. Her porcelain skin looks like a doll’s, with cracks throughout it that seem to be decorative rather than actual damage.

“.....” She speaks something to us, but it is so soft and faint that we cannot make out her words. She remains partially in the shadowed corner, her head downturned in a shy and meek posture.

“Uhm... what did you say?” I ask, unsure how to react, still wary of what might happen next.

The goddess steps forward into the light. Her fair skin sparkles softly, her eyes initially pure white. She closes her eyelids for a moment, then opens them wide, fixing her gaze on us. Pink irises appear with dark purple pupils swirling like a vortex.

“It is pointless,” she says louder this time. Her whispery voice carries an otherworldly accent, like ocean waves speaking in words.

Sara pants softly, shifting to peek from behind my back. “What is pointless?” she asks, her voice strained.

“Your efforts to relieve your waters,” the goddess explains, “that is the curse he placed on you. If you touch your intimate area, you will notice the change he made.”

I watch as Sara slips a hand under the hem of her skirt and, I assume, inside the white panties I had given her to wear. A hot flush rises to my cheeks.

“What... how...” she stammers, her eyes widening. She turns to face me fully, then glances back to the goddess.

“What is it?” I ask, concern growing.

“It’s... it’s sealed up,” she answers in an unsteady, worried tone. “Does... does this mean my bladder is going to... I mean, if it has nowhere to exit... won’t my, uh, bladder... eventually...” Her voice trails off as panic rises.

“I won’t let that happen,” the goddess says, taking quick, deliberate steps toward us.

My guard instantly goes up, and I move to be fully in front of Sara, a shield.

“Please, I mean you humans no harm. I only wish to help,” the goddess says, her voice small and soothing.

“Who are you?” I ask, still wary.

The goddess kneels before me, her head lowered, as if nervous to meet one’s gaze directly. “I am the goddess of Pity.”

“Of course...” Sara says, then moans softly as she gently nudges me aside. I move, and the three of us settle into a loose circle. “Pity is the goddess lover of Serenity. The one he visits during the summer months.”

“It is with his honesty that I fell in love,” Pity smiles, blushing and nervously fiddling with her fingers. “I saw what he did to you.” She gestures toward Sara’s lower body. “And I heard you say you care for her.” She looks at me. “I am always drawn to those who care for one another, and I want to help you. I believe Serenity has been too harsh with your punishment, and I must act quickly before he notices my involvement.” She raises her hands toward Sara.

“Sara, are you okay with-” I start.

“Please! ...please,” Sara moans. “Ahhh... just make it so I can pee now.” She pleads.

A soft white glow appears in Pity’s hands and drifts toward Sara. It seems to pass through her, settling inside her abdomen.

“I cannot remove what he has done, I am sorry." Pity says. “Only the god who crafted the divine magic can reverse it. I will try to convince him. It will take some time, but I think I can do it... I know him well.”

“If you can’t reverse it, then what did you do?” I ask, while Sara moans softly through what must be another wave of desperation.

“I made it so her bladder cannot burst. It is strong enough to hold any amount of urine now. It will buy us more than enough time while I make haste to have him reverse this punishment,” Pity says, placing her hand gently on Sara’s and offering a compassionate smile. “I must go,” she adds, and I watch as she quickly transforms into shadow and slips across the floor beneath the bookcase into the hidden room.

