The Kita Ward Incident

Author: Anon123454

*000*2024-08-13 20:27

"Nah it's okay." Kuroo grinned, placing his hands on his hips as he turned his head, smiling innocently at Akaashi who was shooting him an unsettling glare, he got the impression the guy didn't like him very much, maybe it was because he had stolen his best friend on numerous occasions, maybe he just thought Kuroo was a dick, it didn't matter much to him anyway. "Might as well do it while we can get away with it."

He continued to smirk at the Fukoradani setter as Bokuto and the carrot top began to cheer, he had placed them at a clear height advantage, and they were celebrating it, what a pair of idiots, and he could see Akaashi could recognize it two, glaring daggers at him as the two spikers jumped up and down. The playing field had been set, and it was in no way level.

With that out of the way, he assessed his team, Bokuto's team had the clear advantage when it came to offence, as much as he loathed to admit it, the annoying owl and his secondary best friend were a lethal duo, combined with Hinata, who he knew had an insane amount of talent in him, having witnessed it firsthand. But that wouldn't matter, while both the lanky kid and Lev were inexperienced, with their superior height, as long as they listened to what he said, they'd make easy work of this, that's probably why the idiot on the other side of the net was so annoyed at the team's setup.

"Hey, Rooster Head!" A voice across the net called, as Bokuto waved his arms out. "You ready to get your ass kicked!?" He screeched, earning himself a growl.

"From who? The fourth best spiker in the nation, I'd be more worried if it were someone in the top 3." He growled back, as the two began a series of taunts, not even looking while Akaashi took the opportunity to start the game as they argued, the ball slapping the floor as nobody was watching, two sets of eyes fixing on the setter.

"1-0," He said simply, earning an agitated look from Kuroo, and a scream of celebration from his spiker, Kuroo picked the ball up, gritting his teeth as he nodded to his teammates. "You wanna play dirty, we'll play dirty." He growled back as the game began.

Kuroo groaned in frustration as the ball hit the floor in front of him, quickly rising to his feet. "Blockers, try to avoid sideways jumps!" He yelled in agitation, glancing across the net to see the owl bastard grinning at him, shaking his head. He was starting to get slightly pissed off, and not just because he was losing, his team weren't cooperating with him, his idiot friend and current arch-enemy were tearing them apart, and he was starting to get slightly sore from having to clean up the mess Lev and the scrawny fucker from Karasuno were making, and to top it all off, he was kind of starting to need a break.

"Water break!" The short stack from Karasuno called out, literally dropping the ball as he sprinted to the other side of the gym, rooting around in his gym bag, The kid had been starting to get on Tetsurou's nerves, but he was at least grateful for the opportunity to sneak off for a moment, but first, a drink, it's not like it was an issue anyway, his bladder may have been slightly fuller than when he began, but adding anything more to it wouldn't be a problem if he were to take a break now, plus he wanted the chance to chew out his teammates, grabbing a water bottle.

"When you're going one on one against a spiker." He began, taking a sip of the drink. "You don't wanna stand square in front of 'em', better be standing in front of their dominant arm." He explained, there, he had said his piece, Lev was amazed and he could sneak off to empty his bladder before it became a problem, perfectly done.

"In the end, we're going to be adversaries come game time, aren't we?" The Lanky fucker just had to go and open his mouth, as Kuroo paused, gazing longingly at the door. "So why are you giving us so much advice." He questioned, as Kuroo blinked. "What's so weird about me being nice, and helping my volleyball brethren." He replied simply, capping his drink. He had an actual explanation of course, but now his bladder had been denied it's salvation, it was starting to become all he could think about, moving towards the door.

Before promptly being dragged back, actually dragged. "Come on, stop wasting time!" Hinata whined, pulling him back. "I don't wanna waste all the time I have with Kuotarou-san!" He complained, as Kuroo's eye twitched, the short little bastard had teased his bladder by offering relief earlier, and now he was taking it away again, he cursed under his breath, getting ready to continue.

As the game went on, even with only a point between the teams, the only tension Kuroo was feeling was his throbbing bladder, planting his feet to the floor as sweat dripped down his face, the game was starting to slow down and he was starting to wonder whether that was a blessing or a curse, even the annoying owl had started to slow significantly, but he couldn't find it in himself to question it, all he could focus on was his bladder, that was starting to reach a point of desperation, a thought entering his head for a moment that he genuinely, actually might not come out of this dry, gritting his teeth and steeling his expression.

"Akaashi, cover!" He heard, his eyes snapping up as he planted his feet, even though Koutaro had clearly been pulling his punches for some reason, his mind was dragged away from his bladder as he heard the familiar call. "Try to surround him!" He called, glancing at his friend, who was also starting to build up a serious sweat, still rising highest, even then, focusing as his legs shook, hearing the ball smack of the hand of the wall, he noted with satisfaction, for a moment.

And then with horror, as he watched the annoying owl step back, cursing under his breath as his legs began to shiver harder, he should have seen this coming, watching with horror. "Akaashi, give me a good one!"

Kuroo steeled his footwork, eyes widening, before watching as Koutaro flew above the net, and before he could even move, the ball was smacking against the hardwood floor.

It felt as if time stopped as the ball went flying, bouncing off the court and rolling dead, a drop rushing down and dripping into his underwear, nothing more than a single drop, but he gasped in shock, he had actually just leaked, lost control into his pants even for just a split second, hunching over as he resisted the urge to squeeze his crotch, glancing across the net as his eyes met with Bokouto, and fuck, there was a knowing look on his face as Hinata chewed his ear off about his amazing spike, but as he noted the similar pattern of sweat and how Koutaro was actually still for once, he realized it, his friend was in the same boat as him, it didn't even amuse him, that's how desperate he was, locking eyes with him for another moment and shaking his head.

There was just a point in it now, rising back to his full height and grimacing at the damp feeling in his boxers, steeling his expression, no matter what happened now, the match would be over, he reminded himself, he wasn't going to burst and wet himself all over the hardwood floor- he could feel his underwear grow damper as Koutarou squirmed similarily on the other side of the net, he was definitely out of the equation, focusing his attention on the shorter spiker as the ball was served, crowding the younger. All 3 of them towering above him, an umbrella-an umbrella with droplets dripping off the roof of it- cascading onto the floor, his shirt lifted slightly as he reached for the block, revealing a visible bump in his abdomen as he felt his whole body convulse, an actual leak thoroughly soaking his boxers as he gasped, the ball rising above the wall and crashing onto the edge of the court, a mighty impressive shot- he would have gone crazy if he wasn't about to soak his shorts-

He crouched low as the others all crowed around Hinata, locking eyes with Koutarou who was crouched down in a similar position, an obvious hand in between his legs, even as Kuroo crouched above the ground, about to thoroughly soak his shorts, he tried to think of a subtle way to sneak out of the gym and make a runner to the restroom right out the back, biting his lip, he couldn't fucking thin-

"I gotta pee-gotta pee get out of the way!" Bokuto cried as he sprinted out of the gymnasium, hopping from foot to foot and leaving what looked suspiciously like a trail of droplets behind him as he sprinted out of the gym, so much for a subtle escape then as he shot a glare to the Fukorodani setter who gave him a knowing look, rising from his crouch to sprint out the door behind the other, even as he leaked, nonstop with a coin-sized wet spot appearing around his crotch, he continued to run, his friend right in front of them, his underwear was worse than damp now, and he could feel the droplets rolling down his legs as Koutarou reached the bathroom door ahead of him, watching in horror as he crashed into the door with a confused expression, being greeted by a bright yellow sign.

He didn't know how he was still even holding on at this point, his boxers drenched, a volleyball-sized wet spot on the front of his shorts, but he hadn't lost control yet, he hadn't wet himself yet, nothing else mattered, he'd had his relief denied twice now, but as long as there wasn't a third, he could think of something.

"Kuroo...." Koutarou muttered, the two of them standing in front of the locked door as the spiker grabbed his shoulder tightly, his face flushed with his lip wobbling. "Can't....hold it in anymore," he whined, as Tetsurou glanced down, biting his lip.

His own shorts were practically unsalvagable, and Bokuto's were worse, even letting go now would hardly make a difference, and the thought was so tempting-it was just Koutarou here,all he'd have to do was- his grip tightened on the other's shoulder, his other hand reaching down the front of his shorts, they'd seen each other naked before- there was nothing to be embarrassed about, the only line he couldn't cross was pissing his pants in front of the other, glancing around.

"You better think of something then, bro." He muttered ominously, throwing his head back. "Because I am seriously a second away from, you get the idea...." He groaned, glancing down at the other, who was crouched down, two hands shoved down his white shorts that were glistening with wetness, his eyes squeezed shut.

"The door....did you try the door?" He huffed out breathlessly, staring up at him, fuck, they were serious fuck, Kuroo was about to go through the most mortifying experience of his life here all because that idiot owl was suggesting their solution to getting into the clearly locked bathroom, was to try the fucking door.

He reached for the handle, and for some reason- it was obviously closed, the sign even said so- The door opened, the door fucking opened, he was going to make it- somewhat. Kuroo couldn't help but moan in relief as he turned to Koutarou, glancing down in horror.

"Too late bro....." The spiker groaned, squatting just above the ground as a stream cascaded into his already wet shorts, soaking the white material and dripping down his bare legs and puddling onto the asphalt, Kuroo shot a longing look to the toilet as he crouched beside the other, his bladder already making the decision for him.

"Not a word...." He muttered, meeting the shocked expression of his friend as his bladder finally released after being denied for so long, resoaking his already drenched underwear and pooling around his ass, dripping onto the pavement, he closed his eyes, breathing a quiet sigh of relief, it was the most mortifying thing he'd ever done in his fucking life, a third year and a captain, pissing his pants on the sidewalk with a toilet right there, and it felt amazing, he had never been so desperate in his life, and even though he'd rather not be doing it in his pants in front of one of his best friends, it was such an overwhelmingly relieving feeling that he had to shut his eyes, basking in the feeling as his bladder poured into his shorts and onto the concrete.

Eventually, his stream tapered off as he caught his breath, opening his eyes to catch Bokuto's owl-like eyes bearing into him, still panting heavily as he glanced at the other's dripping shorts, shaking his head. "Fuck, how long have you been staring." He panted, earning him a sheepish grin. "You went for like- two whole minutes after I was done, you must have really had to go!" He grinned, as Kuroo glanced down at his own ruined shorts, grimacing at the feeling of droplets running down his legs and into his shoes.

"I'm calling Kenma...." He muttered, fishing his phone out of his shorts, glancing up at the other once more. "Wipe that look off your face for Christ's sake you annoying owl." He snapped, earning him a snicker. "If you mention this to your precious Akaashi-san, I will kill you." He muttered,leaning against the wall as his phone rang, an annoyed gaze fixed on the other the entire time.

Just a quick thing I whipped up,crossposted from ao3, if you have any requests check my account for what fandoms I will write for!

*002*2024-08-23 15:14

{{On 8/18/2024 at 12:33 PM, SecretKito said:

WOAH HAIKYUU OMO NO WAY!! COOL

}}

HAPPY TO CONTRIBUTE, If you have any requests let me know! I've also binged the series since then so it'll hopefully be a lot better aha!

