A beautiful day

Author: Alex_nb

*000*2024-08-06 22:39

Hi everyone,

I haven't really introduced myself to the community yet, but I have a few posts.

This is the first time I post a story written by myself.

I hope someone likes it, and constructive feedback is always welcome!

English is not my mother tongue and I should warmly thank @Bunny7man for help in editing the first draft!

(but the responsibility for anything bad in the story is entirely mine)

New chapters are almost ready and will be posted soon if there is interest 😉

With love, Alex

###

Chapter 1 - Bea

It was a beautiful spring day on a small Greek island. The sea was still very cold from the winter, but the sun was shining and the temperature was around maybe 24 Celsius. A gentle fresh breeze was blowing from the North-East, but the sun was warm enough that lying on the beach was very pleasant.

It was about 11 am and Beatrix, Bea for most of her friends, was lying exhausted on a sunbed. She was wearing her favorite one-piece orange swimsuit, her sunglasses, and a nice hat to protect her face from the sunlight.

She was there on spring break from her junior faculty work at college, with a group of good friends who, like her, were passionate windsurfers. They had taken the opportunity of the break to take a week of vacation and reach this island, which was a famous spot for wind sports - and for cool nightlife as well.

This was the last day of vacation, their flight home was scheduled for early afternoon the next day. They had had extremely good wind throughout the week, so they had practiced quite hard, and they had partied quite hard as well - hence Bea’s exhaustion. They knew that today there would be little to no wind, so they had partied even harder the night before. The night had ended around 6am on the beach after hours dancing in the local club, and quite a bunch of cocktails and beers.

So, Bea was not only exhausted, she was badly hungover. Her head was pulsating and the only option for the day was to stay on the sunbed and enjoy the beautiful landscape around her. Having taken two aspirins for the headache, she started feeling more relaxed, and her mind began wandering with her friends’ chit chat in the background. Soon, she fell into a deep sleep.

After a series of confused dreams, the images started focusing a bit. Bea was in the club, surrounded by her friends, dancing and having fun. But then one of her recurrent anxiety dreams kicked in. Suddenly, she was only wearing her bra and panties, feeling exposed and embarrassed in the middle of the dance floor. And on top of that, she had to pee, and… well… quite badly. She started looking around for the toilets, but almost without notice, urine started escaping from below her. She felt a warm feeling around her crotch and butt, a large stream of urine cascading in between her now widely spread legs, everyone suddenly staring at her in shock…

Confused voices surrounded her. “Hey guys, look at Bea, I can’t believe it… she’s peeing herself like a little girl!” said someone. “Haha that’s so gross!” said someone else. “Oh my god I can’t believe how much she’s peeing,” a third person said.

That’s when Bea’s anxiety reached its limit and she woke up in shock. Still confused, it took a few seconds for her to understand what was going on. She was on her sunbed, laying on her back, her legs slightly spread apart. A stream of pee was still escaping from her. Some of it had gone through the fabric of the swimsuit and was sprinkling full force away from her and into the towel she had put below her on the sunbed. Another part, she could feel, was trickling down her crotch and her butt, soaking the towel below her. She could feel the wetness extending on her back well over her waist.

But the most horrifying part was that her friends were sitting around her, looking at her with amused faces, some of them openly giggling. They were the ones who had exclaimed the sentences that she had heard in her dream. And they didn’t seem done with it. “Hey Bea, good morning! It looks like you had a little accident in your sleep. Does it feel a little too wet down there?”, Mary said with a laugh. (It should be specified that Mary and Bea did not get along so well, and Mary seemed really satisfied with the opportunity of humiliating Bea in front of everyone.)

As soon as Bea fully realized what was going on, she squeezed her legs, reached with both hands on her crotch, and tried to stop the flow as hard as she could, but it was too late anyway, there wasn’t much left and the flow soon stopped by itself. Bea’s cheeks were now almost purple, tears were about to escape from her eyes.

Suddenly, a familiar voice started yelling at her friends from behind her. “Hey guys, what are you, little kids? This can happen to anyone and there is no reason to make fun of her. You idiots should better check if she’s OK, right? What if she was having some medical emergency?” This was Mike, her best friend - well, at times even a bit more than a friend. He surged from behind her, coming back from the bar with a tray of drinks. “So, while you idiots shut up and have your drinks, I’ll take care of her.”

Mike sat next to her and spoke softly to Bea. “Hey, Bea, you all right?” Bea was still frozen in shock, but she realized that she needed to say something otherwise Mike would start to be really worried for her. “Thanks, Mike,” she finally murmured with effort, “I am OK. I think I was sleeping very deeply because I was exhausted, and I had a bad dream.” “Poor little girl had a bad dream and wet herself” immediately giggled Mary. “It’s OK, this can happen to anyone, no big deal” said Mike, killing Mary with his gaze. He took a clean towel from a nearby sunbed, took Bea’s hand, and lifted her up. While getting up, Bea reached her back with a hand and realized with horror that her one-piece swimsuit was totally wet from her butt up to the middle of her back, and the orange color was certainly not hiding it at all. Mike quickly wrapped the clean towel around her, hiding the accident, all the while glaring at their friends who at this point wouldn’t dare say a word.

“Bea, follow me. The sea is too cold to wash you there, you would catch a cold. Let’s reach the cabins and get you changed there.” He put Bea’s bag on his back, grabbed Bea’s hand with one hand, and the wet towel with the other, and firmly guided Bea towards the cabins.

Bea couldn’t say much except a soft “thanks, Mike.” She was still in shock and totally embarrassed by what had happened, she just wanted to disappear in a hole in the ground. But at the same time, she was feeling much safer in Mike’s hands, which gave her a bit of optimism. “Maybe it’s not a big deal after all,” she thought.

*002*2024-08-11 06:42

Thanks! 😉 So here is chapter 2. Warning: there will be a description of nudity.

###

Chapter 2 - Changing clothes

They reached the cabins with no further incident, nobody seemed to notice them as Bea’s wet swimsuit was perfectly hidden by the towel wrapped around her. They entered their cabin, and Mike locked the door behind them.

“OK Bea, how do we deal with this?” Mike said. “Can I help you? Do you want me to get out while you get changed?” Bea really did not want Mike to get out. She was feeling like shit again. All of a sudden she broke down, tears appeared in her eyes. “Mike please don’t leave, I feel like shit. How am I going to deal with this? Everyone was laughing at me, I don’t think I can deal with meeting them again.” She started crying and shaking, clearly the wet swimsuit in the cold spring weather was not helping at all.

“Bea, we need to get you changed as quickly as possible, OK? If you don’t mind, I will help you. It’s not that I have never seen you naked, right?” “Thanks Mike,” Bea whispered for the second time that day. Clearly, Bea was in shock and didn’t know what to do. Mike gently pulled her swimsuit braces down her arms, and kept pulling down until Bea’s breasts came out of the top part of the swimsuit. Mike couldn’t help noticing that Bea’s nipples were hard, and her breasts were really beautiful - as he remembered them from a few times they had fooled around before.

Slowly, Mike kept pulling down until the wet part of the swimsuit peeled off Bea’s body. A few seconds later, she was fully naked in front of Mike, her wet pubic hair now fully in his view. Even if it certainly wasn’t the first time, it was definitely the first in this situation. Bea was feeling confused. One part of her brain was dying of embarrassment, thinking of her best friend stripping off her pee-soaked swimsuit after having an accident during her nap. But something else, something strange, was going on in some other region of her brain. Bea had to admit to herself that her nipples were not hard only because of the cold weather. There was some movement going on down there as well. Something in this situation was... turning her on? Realizing this, Bea felt even a bit more embarrassed and hoped Mike would not notice.

“OK Bea, let’s get you some warm and clean clothes,” Mike said, rummaging around in Bea’s bag and pulling out her t-shirt, overalls and sweater. A pack of wet wipes came out from the bag at the same time, which Bea used to clean up her hands when a washroom was not available.

“Well, this comes handy,” Mike said, giving them to Bea. But Bea was still feeling incapable to take any initiative, her body still frozen in shock and her mind too occupied in figuring out what was going on. “Bea, you OK?” Mike said once again, worried. “Thanks Mike, I am OK,” Bea murmured, “I guess I am still totally shocked, but give me a few more minutes and I’ll take care of the rest.” While saying this, a shiver ran through her body. “OK Bea,” said Mike, “we can’t wait too much, it’s cold and you can’t stay naked like this for a few more minutes. It’s OK, you know, I’ll take care of it.”

Mike gently wrapped her hips, and rotated her so that she was facing the wall of the cabin and he was facing her back. He took the wet wipes and started softly wiping the part of Sophie’s back that had gotten wet with her urine. He took another clean wipe, and slowly started descending towards her butt. Shortly after, the wipe was gently pushed in between Bea’s butt cheeks. Clearly, Mike was not fully at ease, but he was definitely trying to do his best to clean up his friend - well, a bit more than a friend at times - while trying to keep his hands off her.

Bea’s brain, however, had other ideas. As soon as Mike’s hands went further down on her butt, she felt another shiver, but this time it was not cold. This was definitely something else, it was… sexual. Bea’s nipples were now even harder than before, and her whole body had been lit on by some inner fire that felt very strongly in her lower belly. She put a hand down to check the situation, and discovered with surprise that her vagina was drenched, but not (only) of urine.

While still facing the wall, Mike now gently wiping the back of her thighs, Bea turned her head to look at him, blushing red. “Mike” she said, with a strange tone in her voice. “Bea?” Mike said, looking up to face her. “Mike, please, fuck me, now.”

*003*2024-08-12 21:42

Thanks everyone for the positive feedback, I am glad you liked the story 🙃 So here is the next chapter, and I hope you keep enjoying it!

Warning: this chapter contains a description of sexual intercourse. If you don't want to read it, you can just skip the last two paragraphs, and keep reading the next chapters.

###

Chapter 3 - Mike

Mike had woken up in a great mood that morning. The week had been amazing, a lot of great windsurfing. That day there was not much wind but the sun was shining and it looked like a perfect day to chill up a bit with his friends before leaving the island and going back home. He was very passionate about sports in general. He had a very athletic body, not too muscular and very well shaped. He was very cultivated and liked reading all kinds of books, had studied medicine but concluded that this career was not for him, “too much stress”, so he was now working as an instructor in his own little windsurf school on the Atlantic coast.

As anyone else, Mike had a few secrets. His biggest secret was his love for Bea. They knew each other since high school, and Mike had quickly fallen in love with her. He had confessed it to her at some point, and they had fooled around a bunch of times, but Bea had always been too focused on her academic career and not really willing to engage in a relationship – or perhaps Mike was not the right person for her, he had always wondered. Anyways, over the years he had come to accept the situation well, and nobody else knew about this, everyone considered them to be close friends. He felt a lot of affection for Bea and respected her choices, while still being very much attracted to her and happy to take any good opportunity to have some fun together.

There was another secret, but this one Mike had told no one. Mike was very turned on by people having involuntary wetting accidents. He did not really understand what was going on with his brain, but he had come to accept it as a fact. He had done a bit of research online and found that this kink was not so uncommon, although no psychologist seemed to have bothered to figure out its real prevalence in the general population. Probably the whole thing was still too much of a taboo for the academic community to dig into it. Anyways, Mike was now cool with his kink but he had never experienced anything related to it in real life; all his friends seemed to have strong bladders, and none seemed to be into it, so he could only resort to online communities to play a bit with it.

Anyways, Mike was feeling happy that morning, and ready for some relaxation on the beach. He met his friends around 10:30 am, they got sunbeds and were laying there, having some fun chit chat and commenting on the facts of the week. Bea was there and Mike thought that she was looking gorgeous in her orange one-piece swimsuit. Mike smiled at her. She looked very tired, yesterday they had partied quite hard and she was probably hungover too. Mike sat next to her, gently caressed her hand, and observed her rest, while continuing the conversation with their other friends. Soon he noticed that she had fallen into a quite deep sleep.

“Let’s have a few drinks, guys,” someone said. “OK, I’ll take care of that,” Mike said, he was always willing to be kind to the group. He took orders and went to the bar to get cokes, ice teas, and the like. He had been away for about ten minutes and was coming back to the beach with his tray of drinks, when he noticed something strange going on. All his friends were now gathered around Bea, who seemed to be still sleeping, and they were staring at her with strange faces, a mixture of disgust and hilarity. Actually, they were not staring at her, they seemed to be staring… at her private parts. What the fuck was going on, Mike thought?

His heart missed a few beats as he panicked, fearing that Bea might be sick, although his friends’ reaction was not really consistent with that idea. He rushed to the scene, and while approaching it he quickly realized what was going on. From his position, coming from Bea’s back, he could see pee sprinkle from her crotch, he could hear their friends giggling and making fun of her. He was almost there when he saw Bea waking up, realizing what was going on and squeezing her legs in a desperate attempt to regain control. His heart missed a few more beats, as his brain confusedly tried to navigate the thin line separating his attraction for wetting from the empathy he naturally felt for Bea’s distress.

He took care of the situation at his best, trying to reassure Bea and to calm down their stupid friends who were behaving as total idiots. He finally managed to gather Bea’s stuff, wrap her in a towel and bring her to the safety of a cabin. He was really worried about Bea. He knew that she cared a lot about looking strong and independent, and certainly this accident, however irrelevant it might have been from a rational point of view, was a bad blow for her. When she finally opened her mouth to whisper a “thanks, Mike,” he felt a bit reassured that she might be able to handle it well after all.

Inside the cabin, Mike realized that Bea was certainly going to handle it well in the long run, but right now, she needed some help. She broke into tears and shivers, Mike thought because of the combination of stress and standing in a wet swimsuit in cold weather. Mike would have loved to hug her softly and warm her up with his own body’s heat, but he thought that perhaps she first needed a change. He had offered to leave, but visibly Bea needed some care, so he resolved to take it on himself. 

Of course, this was hugely difficult for him, because seeing his beloved Bea covered in her own urine was massively turning him on, and it was hard to keep the sexual arousal under control while trying to comfort her. He tried his best to control his instincts while helping her undress, certainly not helped by the vision of her naked breasts (“Why are her nipples so hard?” thought Mike, figuring out that it must have been the cold) and of her fully naked body, and by the smell of her urine filling the small cabin. He had seen her naked before, and even in a much more sexual context, but today he just found her amazingly beautiful.

To try to calm down his brain, he started rummaging inside her bag to get her clean clothes. A pack of wet wipes came out from the bag, and he handed them to Bea hoping she would take care of cleaning up the urine from the lower half of her body. But Bea seemed hesitant, and shivering, so he once again had to accept that it was on him to take the initiative. “How am I dealing with this?” Mike thought. “I’d better start from the back, less risk there” he eventually figured out, gently grabbing Bea’s hips (another missed heart beat) and turning her to face the cabin wall (“Oh my god, what a cute butt she has”). He started wiping Bea’s back, slowly descending down towards her butt, trying his best to not touch Bea with his bare skin but only through the wipes, in the vain hope that this might help him contain the massive erection that was happening down there.

Bea had another shiver, and Mike thought he needed to hurry up as she was probably freezing. After painfully finishing her butt, he started descending down her thighs hoping to buy some time as he was still trying to figure out how he would deal with the front. This is when something totally unexpected happened. First, he noticed that Bea’s hand went down to her crotch and touched her vagina. Then, Bea turned her head to look at him, her pretty face totally blushing red. “Mike” she said, with a strange tone in her voice. “Bea?” Mike said, looking up to face her, surprised. “Mike, please, fuck me, now.”

In a normal situation, Mike would think that Bea was not feeling well and would first take the time to check on her, that this is what she really wanted from him. But this situation was not normal. Mike’s penis was hard as it had never been in his life, all the parts of his brain that involved sexual behavior were firing at an alarming rate, and his heart was beating faster and faster. Bea’s cute butt was just in front of his face, the images of her accident were still fresh in his brain, and the smell of her urine-covered crotch was very present to his senses. Mike’s decision was instantly taken and it was positive.

He grabbed Bea’s hips with both hands to pull her butt slightly towards him, her upper body leaning forward towards the wall in the process. He started kissing her butt and quickly reached with his tongue for her pussy from the back, feeling her taste and noticing how wet she was - and not only of urine. It only took another few seconds before Bea said “Mike, there is a condom in my bag, take it, please”. In a state of trance, he reached for the bag, quickly found the condom and wore it. He came back to Bea, hugged her from the back, his hands went up to grab her breasts, his penis quickly found its way inside Bea’s drenched pussy.

As he started thrusting inside her, he heard Bea’s moans of pleasure, his hands still around her breasts and playing with her hard nipples. When Mike realized he couldn’t hold for long, one of his hands went down to Bea’s crotch, and started gently playing with her clit, going around it in little circles - “Oh my god, her pubic hair is still wet with her pee”, Mike thought, a big wave of arousal making his dick possibly even harder. It only took a few more seconds before Mike heard Bea’s moans accelerate, unequivocally signaling that she was coming. He finally felt that he could release his own orgasm, and quickly came inside her. Once the two caught their breath, Mike’s body still collated against Bea’s back, now gently hugging her, Bea turned around, kissed him on his lips, and said with the most beautiful smile: “Mike, thanks, really, for all that you did today.”

*004*2024-08-23 22:37

Chapter 4 - Mary

Mary hated Bea. She seemed to always be at the center of attention, even when embarrassing herself. And, even worse, she seemed to always be the center of Mike’s attention. Mary had a crush on Mike. A big crush. Actually, a huge crush. She was experiencing feelings she didn't have since her teen age. And because of that, she was feeling quite stupid. She had met Mike at the beginning of the week, through some common friends in the group. She was a windsurf instructor as well, and Mike and her had had a lot of fun going out together while the other, less experienced friends remained closer to the beach. There were few romantic moments, at least for Mary, the duo surfing on the edge of the bay in the gorgeous Greek landscape. Mary’s crush had built slowly during the week, almost without her noticing, and was now reaching its peak intensity at the last day of vacation.

It was a beautiful spring day, but Mary was in a bad mood, Mike still seemed not at all into her. She sent a dirty look to Bea, who was sleeping peacefully on her sunbed. Mary had to admit, Bea was looking gorgeous despite the evident fatigue. She indulged in her private parts, when, suddenly, to Mary’s surprise, she saw urine sprinkling violently from Bea’s crotch.

“What the fuck,” thought Mary, and then, almost instinctively, she yelled “hey guys, look at Bea, I can’t believe it… she’s peeing herself like a little girl!”. Now everyone's attention was focused on the ongoing accident. Mary saw Mike coming back from the bar and thought that this was her chance. He would find this gross and perhaps his infatuation for Bea would recede a bit, just what was needed for him to finally notice her. “Hey Bea, good morning! It looks like you had a little accident in your sleep. Does it feel a little too wet down there?” she said, raising the tone of her voice so that Mike could hear it well. Mike’s reaction surprised her. He scolded the group and took Bea’s defense, reassured her and brought her away to a cabin.

Rationally speaking, it was time to admit defeat and give up. But Mary was stubborn by nature, and her crush was too strong to allow her to follow any rational thought. Driven by her instinct instead, she followed Bea and Mike to the cabin and sneaked behind it, sitting against the back wall. From her position, she could not follow what was going on in the cabin very well. However, after a few minutes, it became clear that Mike and Bea were having sex. Mary was in shock. So, Mike was so hooked up by Bea that he still fancied her even after she had embarrassed herself wetting her swimsuit in front of everyone?

Mary felt a bit humiliated and dropped her shoulder with a sigh. Maybe it was time to give up, after all. After a few minutes of mulling over her misfortune, she heard Mike’s voice more clearly. It looked like sex was over, and the two were now sitting in the cabin, next to each other, with their backs against the same cabin wall on which Mary’s back was leaning against. She could now hear their conversation very well.

“Bea, this was great. I have to confess that I am in love with you,” Mike laughed (Mary's heart missed a few beats.) “Really?” Bea laughed back, “What a surprise! You only told me that a dozen times,” she added with another complicit laugh. Then her tone became more serious. “Mike, we have discussed this many times, right? Let's not have this discussion again. You were really great today, and I am so grateful. I love you too, but I don't want a relationship right now.” “I know, I know,” Mike nodded, his voice betraying his disappointment. Then he changed tone and added: “But Bea, there is something I need to tell you.” “What? Please do, no secrets between us,” Bea answered with an encouraging tone. “Well… huh… ok, let me say it. You know, I was massively turned on even before you asked me to have sex.” “How come?” Bea said, surprised. “I thought you were grossed out… I was so ashamed…” “Well, I have a little kink, you know…” Mike said, and proceeded with a long explanation.

The conversation between Bea and Mike was going on for a while and Mary got lost in her own thoughts. So, Mike had a kink for people wetting themselves. Strange kink, but well, many people have strange kinks, and Mary considered herself as open minded, so she was not feeling strongly about it. She evaluated the most important bits of information she had gathered from the conversation. The bad news, Mike loved Bea. The good news, Bea didn't want a relationship with Mike. So she still had a chance, she thought. Maybe Mike was fatigued of the situation with Bea and would be happy to try something different. Suddenly, Mary stood up and headed away from the cabin. She had a plan.

*005*2024-08-31 16:37

Chapter 5 - The plan, part one

Mary made a quick online search to gather the information she needed. She then took the short path that led from the beach to the nearby village, and sneaked into the local pharmacy to buy a box of incontinence pads. Not knowing well what to expect, she took an extra-large format from the shelf. Mary blushed in embarrassment and handed them to the pharmacist behind the counter, babbling “I will pay by card” with a confused voice. Inexperienced, she was fearing some weird conversation with the pharmacist, but to her surprise, the woman just smiled at her and handed her the credit card reader, as if buying large incontinence pads for a woman her age was the most normal thing in the world. “She must be very professional,” Mary thought while her cheeks were blushing even more red, and quickly took the exit door.

On her way back to the beach, Mary was feeling anxious. “Am I really doing this?” she thought, touching with a hand the soft package sitting in her bag. “Well, why not?” she thought next, “Today is the last day of vacation and I don’t know when I will meet Mike again. I want to try everything to make him notice me, and if wetting is what he likes, then let’s go for it.” She sincerely hoped that once Mike would be distracted from Bea and finally bring some attention to her, something positive could happen.

When she arrived at the beach, she found that all her friends, including Bea and Mike, had gathered at the sunbeds and were happily chatting. When Mike saw Mary approaching the group, he quickly headed towards her, stopped her far enough from the group so that they couldn’t be heard, and explained that there had been a frank conversation about what happened after Bea’s accident. Everyone had admitted that they had acted childishly, and they had presented their deep apologies to Bea, who had happily accepted them. 

“Mary, you have been particularly mean to Bea. I hope you understand that this is not OK, and that you will apologize.” “Well… you are right Mike… I am sorry, I don’t know why we were such assholes.” Mary said, feeling her cheeks turn red again. She proceeded to present her excuses to Bea, who accepted them with a slightly cold tone, the two women really seemed to be unable to get along well. Mary joined the group, the accident was forgotten, and they went back to having fun and making plans for lunch and for the afternoon.

Mary made sure to stay well hydrated throughout the afternoon. She kept an eye on Mike, who looked lost in his thoughts and in a melancholic mood. After playing some beach volley and more sunbed relaxation, the group headed for dinner at a Greek tavern on the beach. During dinner, Mary drank two beers and plenty of water and went only once to the restroom, but only to place one of the incontinence pads in her white cotton panties. The maximum absorbency pad felt quite bulky between her legs, but she checked that it was totally unnoticeable under her jeans.

She came back to the table, and she could feel her bladder slowly filling. When the bill was asked, she was starting to feel quite uncomfortable. Wearing a pad was actually reassuring her that she would not embarrass herself with an accident in front of her friends, she thought. This is when she decided to take action. She stood up, approached Mike, and told him in a cheerful voice: “Mike, would you come with me for a little walk on the beach? I would like to tell you something.” “Sure,” Mike said, with his usual kindness. He excused himself saying he would be back soon, and the two left the lights of the tavern heading towards the darkness of the beach.

The spectacle on the beach was immense. The sky was covered in bright stars, the sea was murmuring quietly, and the same soft breeze of the morning was blowing, moving the vegetation slightly. “Mike… I really want to apologize for what I did today to Bea. I am so sorry,” said Mary, painfully trying to kick off the conversation. In the meanwhile, also due to the cold breeze, the discomfort in her bladder had significantly increased. Her bladder was strong and she had never leaked before, but she had never stretched it that far and she was not sure to be able to control the consequences. “It’s OK, don’t worry, you apologized to Bea. She is OK, we can forget about it,” Mike said with a reassuring tone.

“But I want to explain,” Mary said in a rush. Mike stared at her, surprised. “What needs to be explained?” he thought, but did not say a word. Mary faked an embarrassed voice (well, she was actually a bit embarrassed for real) and blushed a bit, looking into the sand. “You know Mike, I… I… I have a little problem with urine myself,” Mike looked even more surprised. “What’s going on today with the bladder of my friends?” he thought, feeling a bit embarrassed himself by the little involuntary wave of arousal that went through his body.

He quickly brought it under control, and said with his most gentle voice “I am sorry Mary, please share, you know I won’t judge”. “I have an overactive bladder” Mary said, now looking complicitly in his eyes, “which means I sometimes have a strong urge to go to the bathroom without notice. Sometimes… it can result in a little leak, or… well… even a bit more than that.” “I am sorry about this, it sucks,” Mike said, “And what has this to do with Bea?” he added in a puzzled tone. Mary looked down to the sand showing even more embarrassment. “Well, you know, I have been teased many times for my little accidents… so I became upset and revengeful about it. And when I saw Bea wet herself, teasing her just came out instinctively. I am so sorry,” Mary added. “Oh Mary, that really sucks. I am sorry that people have been such idiots with you. I don’t understand why you would tease someone for something that is totally beyond their control…”

While he was speaking, Mary slowly approached Mike and kissed him softly, for a few long moments. Once Mary pulled back and grabbed his hand, whispering a soft “thanks, Mike, for your understanding,” Mike smiled at her hesitantly. His mind was racing. “Why did I kiss her back? I was with Bea only a few hours ago”, he was thinking.

Perhaps it was because he could not completely control the arousal due to Mary’s confession? Was he at this point unable to control his basic instincts (“What kind of animal am I?”)? Or maybe there was something else? Maybe he was disappointed that Bea had rejected his love once again, and wanted to punish her (“How childish!”)? Or maybe, he was simply trying to find a way to move on? “I can’t figure this out right now,” Mike thought, coming back to reality when Mary pulled his hand and guided him towards the sea. “I am so happy that I met you, Mike,” she said, “you are such a kind person.” “Thank you, Mary, I like you too,” Mike said. He thought that perhaps he should give himself a chance, and kissed her again.

*006*2024-09-01 20:23

One more chapter before the final one.

Little reminder: this is the first time I post a story written by myself.

Constructive feedback (either positive or negative or just random comments) is very welcome!

###

Chapter 6 - The plan, part two

The couple had been walking for a while on the beach, chatting softly, and had exchanged a few more kisses. The first part of the plan was going well, and Mary thought that it was time to move to the second step. Her bladder was now pulsating, almost in pain, and Mike seemed engaged, so the timing was perfect. “Mike,” said Mary, “would you like to move to my room? We could have a drink, and… you know, I think it might be time for me to use the bathroom.” “Sure, why not,” Mike answered, his mind immediately recalling the urge incontinence issue that Mary had confessed earlier, which induced some little movements down there.

@@They only made a few steps towards the hotel when, suddenly, with a gasp, Mary brought both her hands to her crotch, squeezed her legs, and looked around her in fear. “Mike… oh my god… I think I need a bathroom right now. What should I do? The urge grew very strong, and I am about to leak.” Another wave of arousal, now stronger than the previous, went through Mike’s body and this time he felt his erected penis pressing strongly against his pants. But Mary was in a serious emergency, he thought, and painfully brought once again the arousal under control. His empathy for Mary took over and he frantically started looking around and thinking about the possible options. There was no bathroom in sight on the beach, and no bushes either. But the beach was deserted. “Mary? Just…” he turned around and saw Mary now bent over, with a totally desperate face, unable to move. “Mike, I am leaking… and I am about to have a full blown accident. I really don’t know what to do, I can’t move”. “Mary, just pull your pants down and pee right here. Noone is around, I won’t watch, and I will cover you on the side of the tavern,” Mike said with an assertive voice that left no room for discussion.

@@Not that Mary was willing to have any discussion anyway. In fact, her plan had gone a bit out of control. When simulating her urge, she had relaxed her pelvic floor muscles to let some urine escape in her pad. She wanted the pad to be wet for when they would get in her room. Except that she had lost control. Her bladder had been stretched in a way it was not used to, and when Mary tried to let go a few spurts, the dam opened and she felt instead a full stream of pee cascading into the pad. Her crotch and butt became immediately warm, a strange feeling she had never experienced, and the pad became much bulkier. She felt a few trickles of urine leaking out of the pad and along her inner thighs. Her hands, pushed against her crotch, quickly felt the wetness spreading on her pants. She was very relieved when Mike offered to turn around and cover her, because she was just unable to stop the flow. As soon as he turned around, she pulled her pants and panties down, squatted and continued peeing for at least a minute in the sand. While finishing, in the dark, she touched the pad (soaking), her panties (very wet) and her pants (a big wet patch around her crotch).

“Mary, you OK?” Mike said, watching in the other direction, his mind entirely focused on trying to imagine what was going on behind him. Mary sighed, “I am so sorry Mike… I could not really hold it and my pants got wet.” “It’s OK,” he nodded, “let’s head to your room, we can take the path by the beach, it’s dark and nobody will see you.” She pulled her pants up, feeling strongly the drenched pad, now cooling down, pressing against her private parts. He grabbed her hand and they headed in the dark towards the hotel. When they approached the hotel, Mike took out his sweater and handed it to Mary: “Take this, and wrap it around your waist, you’ll be covered,” which Mary proceeded to do, feeling reassured.

@@They quickly sneaked into her room, luckily they did not cross any of their friends who were still having fun at the tavern. Once inside, Mary turned on the lights, removed the sweater from around her waist, revealing a large wet patch that extended all around her crotch, reaching her butt (“The pad must have leaked from the back too”) and her inner thighs. Mary noticed that Mike was staring at her pants, unable to move his eyes away. “It’s now or never”, she thought, and proceeded to softly hug Mike and initiate a soft, passionate kiss, whose intensity slowly built up. “Mike,” she whispered in his ear, “do you find me gross?” “Of course not,” he rushed to say, his cheeks blushing in a purple red. He then composed himself a bit and proceeded to add in a serious lecturing tone, “Mary, many people in the world suffer from different kinds of incontinence. It’s not their fault and nobody should judge them.” Mary happily decided that her plan was heading towards success, and added with a sensual voice: “Then, pull my pants down.” Mike had a small hesitation, but then proceeded to kneel and unbutton her jeans, pulling them down and out of her legs. He was surprised to discover that her white cotton panties were hiding a huge, bulky pad. He didn’t say a word, but he heard Mary above him saying, “You know Mike, I have to wear a little pad to be protected in case of a little leak… ” “Shhhh Mary,” he interrupted, “don’t say a word. I told you I won’t judge.” He then proceeded to pull her panties down. Mike was now aroused beyond any control. The drenched pad was there in front of him, slightly below Mary’s urine-covered crotch. He observed how the pad had leaked on the sides but also on the back, leaving a large wet patch on the back of Mary’s panties. She must have had a really massive accident to make such a large pad fail so spectacularly.

And yet, behind the massive arousal, Mike was also experiencing a sense of deep discomfort. Something was wrong. His instincts had driven him into this situation, but was he really feeling at ease? He was not. His mind was constantly going back to Bea. Mary was nice, intelligent and attractive, but he didn’t really feel that he was into her. Was it fair to keep going with this? “Mike, are you OK?” Mary said, noticing that he seemed lost in some thoughts. “Mary, yes, I am OK. But I feel that I am not doing the right thing, I am sorry,” he said, with a slightly sad tone. “What do you mean?” she said, surprised. “I am sorry, why don’t you get changed, and we have a chat?” Mike said. Surprised and frustrated, Mary pulled up her panties and headed to the bathroom.

*008*2024-09-10 08:31

Thanks @Garcinpajaroaz

@@for the encouragement, but everything comes to an end eventually so here is the final chapter.

And thanks again @Bunny7man

@@for some very good suggestions!

(Well, everything comes to an end, but stay tuned as there might be a little bonus chapter later on 🙂)

###

Chapter 7 - The day after

After a long shower that felt eternal to Mike, Mary finally came out of the bathroom, wearing clean clothes. It was midnight. While Mary was showering, Mike had been lying on the bed and thinking about the events of the day that had just ended. “Mary, I would like to say…” he started as soon as she appeared. “Shhhh,” Mary said, “there is nothing to say. I totally understand.” The two exchanged a long hug, Mike gratefully gave a soft kiss on Mary’s cheek and left the room.

He woke up late in the morning after a difficult night. He was feeling confused, like he was hungover. He packed his stuff, got some breakfast, and headed to the hotel hall to meet his friends and leave for the airport. The atmosphere was not great, everyone seemed to be lost in their thoughts, trying hard to accept that the vacation was over and they had to go back to their everyday routine. The trip to the airport was smooth, and the flight was on time.

In the plane, Mike and Bea found themselves sitting near each other in a two-seat row near the window, and separated from the rest of the group. Mary was sitting a bit behind them, watching them from a distance. “Well, they look pretty together,” she had to admit to herself. She was disappointed, but she had done what she could and she felt no regrets. “Hopefully, next time I won’t have to pretend that I have wet myself to be noticed,” she thought with a smile.

@@Once the plane took off, they got a wonderful view of the island and of the beach where they had been windsurfing throughout the week. To Mike’s surprise, Bea took his hand and said in a soft voice: “Mike, this week was fun.” “Yeah, it was,” Mike nodded in response. “Yesterday was a beautiful day,” Bea added, “and I wanted to say that I’m sorry for having dismissed your expression of love. I don’t know why I can be so insensitive at times.” “It’s OK,” Mike said, “we discussed this many times, you were right.” “Well, Mike, I…”, Bea’s grip on Mike’s hand increased its tension, “I thought about it yesterday, and I think I was actually wrong. I think I do love you.” Mike stared at her, surprised. “So what?” were the only words he could get out of his mouth. “Well, I don’t know. I think I should reconsider your proposal of being in a relationship.” she said, with a little joyful laugh. Mike could not believe what he had just heard. “But Mike, you know that I really love my work, right? And my work is demanding, and requires sometimes to work at night, or to travel abroad for weeks,” she added. “And I won’t renounce any of that.” “Oh my god, Bea, you know that I love you and I would support you in whatever choice you want to make about your life,” Mike said, feeling in heaven. They both fell back in their seats, the tension in their hands finally released. The island was now fading away in the distance, almost invisible in the plane window.

After a bit of thought, Bea turned to face Mike. “And I should add that I felt so good with you in the cabin, and I want this to happen again and again, you know?” she added in a complicit, naughty voice. She approached Mike, and initiated a long, passionate kiss.

*009*2024-09-14 21:00

Warning: contains sex!

###

Bonus chapter - The Hotel

Bea suddenly woke up in the middle of the night and realized that the worst had happened. She was lying in her bed in the cozy hotel suite that Mike had booked for them, her soaked pajama pants sticking to her thighs. She reached with her hand to the sheets below her butt, and could only ascertain that they were soaked too. Judging from his deep regular breath, Mike was sleeping deeply next to her, totally unaware of the huge mess that Bea had just made in their bed. Her body frozen in place, unable to move, Bea’s mind quickly retraced the steps that had led her in that situation.

She had dismissed the accident on that Greek beach a bit too quickly as a momentary lapse of control, something that had never happened before and would never happen again. Retrospectively, to be honest with herself, Bea had never been completely dry at night. But since her teen age, she had experienced nothing more than an occasional little leak, something that would make her panties a bit damp without any significant damage to her pajamas or bed sheets. Something that would be cleaned up with a little wiping and quickly forgotten.

Things had changed significantly since that accident a few months before. It was now February, only perhaps six months had passed, and Bea had already experienced… well, about a dozen full blown bedwetting accidents like the one she just had. Luckily enough for her, they had all happened in her own bed, which was now protected by a good mattress protector, so she could get away with some laundry and only a little embarrassment. After the first few, she had been worried and had consulted her doctor about it, who had reassured her. These little ‘regressions’ were not unlikely, especially during periods of high stress, which Bea was certainly experiencing at work since she had taken the leading role in her research group.

Bea had left Mike totally unaware of what she was experiencing. They had done quite a lot of playing with pee accidents because they were both turned on by that, but only in daytime and on purpose, as a role play before sex. Otherwise, Bea liked to be in control of her body and of its surroundings, and to have a strong image of herself. The idea of uncontrollably wetting her bed a few times per month was stressing and embarrassing her quite a lot, and she only hoped that her little issue would disappear as quickly as it had come back. Sure enough, she didn’t want Mike to learn about it, although she knew that he would have been caring and supporting her, and he would have certainly enjoyed it as well.

The doctor had suggested taking a little vacation, and Bea had proposed to Mike to join her. He had accepted enthusiastically and immediately booked for them a very nice hotel in the French Alps. It was February and they would surely enjoy the snow and the cozy hotel spa, he said. But Bea had become increasingly nervous the days before the vacation. What if she wet the hotel bed, with Mike next to her? She felt able to deal with him, but how would she deal with the hotel staff? Everyone would know that she couldn’t keep her sheets dry and she would certainly be embarrassed to death.

Luckily enough, they were traveling by train, so she could bring a large suitcase with her. She had packed her own bed sheets and a good mattress protector. When they had arrived at the hotel, she had sent Mike to buy a few things for her at the pharmacy with an excuse, to have time to enter the room, change the sheets with the one she had brought and put the mattress protector in place below them.

Hence, Bea thought, at least she would not have to deal with the hotel staff. She would change the sheets putting back the ones given by the hotel and wash hers in the public laundry nearby. Nobody would know of her accident. Nobody, but Mike? She turned her attention to him again. He was looking so pretty, sleeping peacefully next to her. She reached with her hand towards him and was relieved to discover that the wetness hadn’t reached him. Still, no way she could change the sheets without waking him up.

She sneaked out of the bed, hoping that she would at least be able to clean herself up before telling Mike. She made a few steps in the darkness of the room, before hitting the little table near the bed. The flowerpot that some asshole had placed on it fell on the ground with a sharp noise. “Bea, what’s up?” Mike said, rising from bed and turning the light on, only to discover his beautiful girlfriend standing there in visibly drenched pajama pants, instinctively and embarrassingly trying to cover her crotch with her hands.

Bea was mortified. Her cheeks turned a bright red, her eyes filled up with tears. “Mike, I am so sorry… that’s so gross… I don’t know what happened, I think I had a little accident and the bed got wet” she said with a broken voice. Mike pulled the bed cover away and saw the large wet patch right where Bea’s butt had been lying shortly before. He froze for a few seconds, then smiled at Bea. “Love, it’s nothing. You know it’s nothing. It’s just a little bit of pee. Don’t be ashamed and let me help you take care of it.” He stood up, approached Bea who was still frozen there, undecided about what to do, her pajama pants slowly dripping a bit of urine on the wooden floor, her soaked panties feeling uncomfortably cold and sticky around her private parts.

@@Mike took Bea’s hand and gently pulled her towards the large, cozy bathroom of their hotel suite. Once in there, he gave her a soft kiss and put his arm around her waist, pushing her gently into the open shower. “This way, nothing will drip on the floor, right?” he said with another smile. He then proceeded to pull down her pajamas, revealing Bea’s cute -but soaked- panties. “Bea, would you tell me, what’s going on?” he said nonchalantly while pulling her panties down as well. Bea’s cheeks flushed again with embarrassment, as she was not expecting such a direct question. At the same time, she felt a slight pressure in her bladder, could it be possible that she did not empty completely in the bed? Perhaps the wetting had happened enough time ago to allow her bladder to fill up again? Or maybe it was because she was so nervous? “Mike, I don’t know what’s going on. Since the accident at the beach, I guess you remember about it” she said, now with a little naughty inflection in her voice, “I had a few other accidents.” Mike looked at her, perplexed. “The doctor said that it might be because I am going through a hard time at work, with a lot of responsibility, and this might be a way for my mind to let go of all this pressure,” she added, now in a very embarrassed tone.

@@Mike didn’t say a word. He smiled at Bea, and looked a bit lost in his own thoughts. Well, and a massive erection was also visible in his pants. The whole situation was now turning on Bea a little bit, she had to admit. And she also had to pee. While she was hesitating about what to do, Mike took a box of wet wipes and started wiping her gently. “Bea, please spread your legs a bit, so that I can wipe you properly” he said, which Bea almost instinctively did, letting go of all the control she might have wanted to keep. Mike proceeded to gently and carefully pass the wipes on her labia, pushing it softly a bit inside her vagina, stimulating her clit a little bit on the way. Bea’s arousal was now building up and she let a moan escape from her mouth when Mike pressed on her clit again, which encouraged him to insist, now gently going in circles around it with his fingers. Bea felt her body going wild, her pussy getting more and more wet… and her need to pee becoming more and more urgent. “I can hold it a bit more”, Bea thought, feeling the orgasm building up while Mike continued his gentle touch around her clit and through her labia. “I love you, Bea” he said, kissing her belly just above her pubic hair. “I love you too, Mike” she almost yelled letting out another moan, her orgasm now getting closer and closer… when she felt a large spurt of pee involuntarily escaping from her into Mike’s hand! “Oh no Mike, I am sorry… I’ve wet myself again, I just couldn’t hold it” she said with a soft voice, now fully aware of the effect that this would have on Mike. She felt him going wild as well. He stood up and kissed her passionately, pushing his body against hers and on the shower wall, his hand rubbing her clit now more strongly, some fingers reaching down to her butt hole. Bea lost all control and had no other choice than spreading her legs wide and letting a massive orgasm happen at the same time as a flood of urine cascaded from her pussy down onto Mike’s hand and the shower floor. Mike just let her catch her breath before he pulled his pants down and fucked her against the shower wall until he got to his own, visibly massive orgasm.

After they both calmed down, while Mike was still hugging Bea softly, he said: “Bea, why didn’t you tell me about the bedwetting? I would have supported you.” “I know Mike, but I was too embarrassed…” “Yeah I understand, but you know that I am here for you, and that I’m not going to be scared by a little puddle in bed, right?” he said with a smile, while stripping off his remaining clothes and turning on the hot water. They stayed for a while naked in the hot shower, kissing and hugging, both thinking how lucky they had been to find each other. The bed sheets were changed to the hotel ones, everything was washed in the morning, and to her satisfaction, nobody else got to know about Bea’s accident.

