The Balloon Ride

Author: AnotherGuy

*000*2024-04-23 14:03

It was summer break, and Brittney and Claire had been invited to join several college friends on a hot air balloon ride across the California countryside. Neither had done anything like this before so were both excited and nervous. Their other friends had chosen to stay overnight at a hotel near the balloon launch site, but Brittney and Claire had chosen to drive up on the day itself.

Claire drove down to Brittney’s apartment to pick her up. “How do I look?” asked Brittney as she got in the car. “You look great, like you always do” replied Claire. “Thanks, you too” replied Brittney, but it wasn’t really a fair comparison. Brittney was naturally pretty, with blonde hair, blue eyes and curves in all the right places. Today she was wearing a crop top showing off her stomach, baggy blue jeans, Nike sneakers and a baseball cap. The tomboyish outfit suited her well, but she was the kind of person who would look good even wearing a trash bag. Claire was plainer in looks, with brown hair tied in a ponytail and square glasses framing her brown eyes. She was skinny, with no meaningful curves to speak of. Today she was wearing a t-shirt, denim shorts and casual sneakers. Though she wouldn’t admit it, Claire had always been somewhat jealous of how pretty Brittney was. Claire started driving and they headed off.

The first half of the journey went well, with little traffic and they were making good progress. After about an hour or so, they stopped at a McDonald’s and both drank large sodas before getting back on the road. This would later turn out to be their downfall. The rest of the journey after that was not so smooth, with heavy traffic building up. There had been an accident on the highway slowing everything down. Eventually it got to 11am when the balloon was supposed to have launched and they were still a little while away. They called Mark, who had set up the ride, to let him know they would be late. “Well ok, but get here as soon as you can, we’re all ready and waiting here” was his slightly frustrated response. "Don't worry, we'll be there" replied Brittney.

Brittney was looking forward to seeing Mark, as she’d had a crush on him for several years but had always been a little too nervous to do anything about it. Maybe today would be her chance to get closer to him and express an interest? Also going was Mark’s best friend Dan. “Is Alex going to be there too?” asked Brittney. “Yeah” replied Claire. “Ugh, she’s a bitch” groaned Brittney. Alex did have a rather harsh, abrasive manner that many people found difficult to get along with. She spoke her mind at all times without a filter. Brittney and Claire suspected that the boys in the group only hung around with Alex because they thought she was hot.

The girls continued to sit in traffic, not moving much. “You know, I kind of need to pee” said Brittney. “Me too” replied Claire, feeling some bladder pressure herself. “Oh well, it’s not far now and we can go when we get there” commented Brittney. “Yeah, I can wait a while” answered Claire. Brittney could wait too, but she would need to go sometime fairly soon. They continued driving, as the traffic began to improve slightly. They chose not to stop anywhere to look for toilets as this would make them even later than they already were.

Eventually they arrived at the site, more than half an hour later than planned. By this point, both girls definitely needed to pee and intended to use the bathrooms before leaving. However, as they got out of the car, they saw that everyone else was already standing in the field and the balloon was fired up and ready to leave. “Come on, we’re already late” said Mark, rushing the pair towards the balloon. “Wait, I...” started Brittney, about to express her desire to use the bathroom. “Just come on, we gotta go!” called out mark, cutting her off mid-sentence. Brittney and Claire did need to go, and were rather nervous about getting on the balloon when they could already feel some bladder pressure. However, they didn’t want to make a fuss about it after having already delayed the group. Everyone got in the balloon and it began to lift from the ground. There was no turning back now.

After an hour, both girls were feeling a stronger desire to go, but they could still wait a little while. Mark suddenly brought out some beers from a cooler box in the bottom of the basket and offered one to everybody. Brittney took one and began to drink even though she knew the alcohol would go straight to her bladder, which was already pretty full. She just wanted to relax and enjoy the trip. Claire declined the beer as she had to drive home later, but did take a Coke instead, reluctantly drinking it as she didn’t want to consume too many fluids. Everybody was enjoying the balloon ride, but Brittney and Claire couldn’t help thinking about their bladders and wondering when they might have a chance to relieve themselves. Perhaps it was best to just try not to worry about it right now.

After another hour, both girls were really starting to get desperate. Brittney was leaning against the side of the basket, an act which allowed her to hold her crotch without anybody noticing. Claire stood next to her, and as she saw what Brittney was doing, she copied her. From up here, the view across the hills was beautiful, but they both had other concerns. “How’s the bladder?” asked Claire. “Not good, I’m busting at the seams” replied Brittney. “Me too” answered Claire. They were starting to get a bit anxious now, hoping that they might land soon. This was perhaps too optimistic.

Finally, Claire decided to say something and went over to Mark. “Hi, I was just wondering when you think we might start to head down?” she asked casually. “Why, are you scared?” commented Alex in a mocking tone. “No, it’s just me and Brittney really need to pee” explained Claire. “Actually, I wouldn’t mind going too, but it’s not urgent” added Dan. “Why does everybody suddenly need to piss?” exclaimed Mark with frustration. He had spent a lot of time and money on setting up this trip and didn’t want it to be cut short.

“I don’t need to go” added Alex helpfully. With a sigh, Mark approached the balloon pilot. “When’s the earliest we might be able to land?” he asked. “It’s not safe to land over these hills, it’ll probably be at least another hour at before we find somewhere. Balloons follow the wind you see, I’m afraid I can’t speed things up” explained the pilot. Claire and Brittney were rather worried by this news as their bladders were already achingly full, but there was nothing they could do. Another hour seemed like a long time, but they would just have to wait.

During the next hour, Claire and Brittney tried to relax and act normal, chatting with the rest of the group and enjoying the view. However, they were struggling to hide their still growing desperation. Brittney in particular was having a hard time, she just couldn’t stop fidgeting and jiggling her legs. It was kind of subtle, but you could see that she really needed to go to the bathroom. There was still no sign of the balloon landing any time soon, so this wasn’t an option right now.

“Are you ok?” asked Dan to Brittney, as he noticed her fidgeting. “Not really, I have to pee really bad” she replied in an anxious manner. “Actually, I have to go too” said Dan. “Don’t worry, we’ll be fine though” he added. This was no consolation to Brittney. Dan wasn’t fidgeting or showing any obvious signs of needing to go, so clearly he wasn’t anywhere near as desperate as she was. Claire did look to be in some discomfort, but also didn’t appear to be struggling quite as much as Brittney was right now.

“You’re a big girl, you can hold it” Brittney thought to herself as she tried to calm herself and ignore her urgent need. She was unable to think of anything other than how badly she needed to go, and didn’t think that she could wait much longer at all. She tried to chat with her friends and tried to just enjoy the view, but nothing could distract her from her bladder which felt stretched tight like a full balloon, ready to burst at any moment. Another ten minutes passed, each one feeling like an hour. Having that beer had clearly been a very bad idea, and she regretted drinking that soda earlier.

Brittney had only been this desperate once before that she could remember, on the way back from a night out after having far too much to drink. On that occasion she had peed her pants in the hallway of her dorm building, unable to make it to her room in time. She had a bad feeling that something very similar was about to happen again. A drunken wetting may be embarrassing, but at least you have a decent excuse. Wetting right now would be even more humiliating. She thought about her crush on Mark and how he would probably never be interested in her if she wet herself in front of him. Plus, what would her other friends (and Alex) think of her? She had to try to hold it, no matter what.

Brittney clenched her teeth as she squeezed her pee hole shut as hard as she could, focusing all of her energy on trying not to pee. She knew the flood was coming soon, but wanted to delay it for as long as she possibly could. If the balloon were to land within a few minutes, she might just be able to make it without peeing her pants, but they hadn’t even started to descend at all. Even though there was a cool breeze up here, Brittney was sweating with the effort of holding the pee in. She knew that she was about to wet herself, but there was nothing that she could do to stop it.

Eventually, the inevitable happened. Brittney let out a little whimpering sound and put her hand over her mouth, her eyes wide with shock. A dark wet patch appeared on the crotch of her jeans and rapidly spread down her legs. She was wetting herself, and once the flow had started, she could not stop it. There was an audible hissing sound as pee soaked into her jeans, streamed down her legs, ran into her shoes and dripped through the bottom of the balloon basket. The rest of the group suddenly stopped their conversations and turned to stare at Brittney, who felt herself blushing with embarrassment while she still could not stop peeing. By the time she had finished, the inside legs of her jeans were soaked all the way down to her ankles, with very obvious dark patches. There was an awkward silence for a while.

“Oh shit, I’m so sorry, I had no idea you needed to go that bad” said Mark. “It’s ok” replied Brittney, in a slightly shaky voice that suggested she didn’t really feel ok. “Alright, can we start heading down now?” Mark called out to the balloon pilot. “I’ll land as soon as we can, but it won’t be right away. Maybe another half an hour.” Replied the pilot. “I’m really sorry, I feel terrible” said Mark. “It’s fine, there was nothing you could do” said Brittney, not wanting to make a big fuss about it. “That’s so gross, what the fuck is wrong with you?” asked Alex in her usual sympathetic manner. “Come on, don’t be like that, it was an accident” said Mark, standing up for Brittney. The balloon gradually started to descend.

For Claire, watching Brittney pee her pants had made her own need feel even more urgent and she also felt that she was dangerously close to having an accident. It took over 45 minutes for the pilot to find a safe place to land the balloon. During this time, Claire gave up any attempt to hide her need. She was pee dancing frantically, crossing her legs and holding her crotch as she fought to hold the pee in. She also noticed that Dan, who had mentioned needing to go earlier and had drank two beers during the ride, also now looked a bit uncomfortable and fidgety. Eventually he admitted. “I’m busting too”. “Not as much as I am” replied Claire, and she was probably right. “You two had better not piss your pants as well” commented Alex. Everybody frowned at her, this was not a helpful thing to say.

Since Brittney’s accident, Mark had been really kind and attentive towards her, she was enjoying the attention from him and had relaxed a lot, now laughing about her accident instead of being embarrassed by it. However, her wet jeans felt cold and sticky on her legs, and she was looking forward to being able to change into clean clothes later.

Finally, the balloon landed with a heavy bump. The shock of this impact was enough for Claire to leak a small spurt of pee, forming a coin-sized wet spot on her crotch. She could feel the rest of the pee right there at the end of her urethra ready to come out at any moment. She couldn’t afford to waste any time. As soon as it was safe to get out of the basket, Claire announced “I have to pee right now!” and ran off across the field towards the bushes at the edge, holding her crotch as she did so.

Claire managed to make it to the bushes without leaking any more. However, as she was fumbling to undo her belt and unbutton her shorts, pee dancing frantically as she did so, she suddenly felt the floodgates open, she began to pee full force and couldn’t stop it. Resigning herself to failure, she squatted down with her shorts still on and just peed straight through them. She tried to direct the flow out through the leg holes of her shorts, but had little success. Pee soaked into the crotch and butt of her denim shorts, forming visible wet patches. The relief of finally getting to pee felt so good that she didn’t really care that she was wetting herself.

Just as she was finishing, Claire saw Dan approaching the same spot in the bushes. He was walking somewhat stiffly, with a hand to his crotch. He was obviously also desperate. “Aw, bad luck” he said as he saw her soaked shorts. Then he turned his back to her, unzipped and began to pee with a strong, powerful flow that continued for some time, giving a sigh of relief as he did so. He had clearly needed to go much more urgently than he had previously let on. “You really needed that too then?” Asked Claire after he had finished. “Yeah, that last half hour I was getting worried, too much longer and I would probably have peed my pants too.” He replied.

They headed back to the group, where Claire had to show her wet shorts to everyone. “Oh no, you were so close!” Commented Brittney. “I couldn’t hold it a second longer, you’re lucky I didn’t pee in that basket too” replied Claire. “Next time, let’s make sure not to drink so much beforehand” said Brittney. As they were leaving, Mark was still being kind and attentive towards Brittney. “I still feel really bad about this, is there any way I can make it up to you?” He asked. “How about you take me out for dinner next week?” She suggested. “Sure, I’ll text you later with a time and place” he replied. Typical. Only Brittney could pee her pants and get a date out of it. Meanwhile, nobody seemed to care that much about Claire’s accident.

Mark and Brittney did end up dating, and whenever people asked how they got together, they would share the funny story of her accident. Though it seemed weird, Brittney was glad that she had peed her pants that day, because if she hadn’t, maybe they would never have ended up going on that first date at all. As for Claire’s love life, that’s another story to be told later.

*003*2024-04-24 16:22

{{14 hours ago, WiiGuy86 said:

Oh WOW, this is PERFECT! Please write more!

}}

Thanks, glad you liked it. I have a few other stories that I'm either writing or thinking of writing, so I'll put these up at some point.

{{1 hour ago, NormalPeople said:

Thank you.

It would have been exciting if the boys had peed during the flight, perhaps in a bottle, in front of the desperate girls.

}}

I thought about that, but I didn't want to complicate the story by adding too much. Maybe next time.

