Cobra Oneshots

Author: ARandomAuthor

*003*2023-02-04 03:29

Story Four: Locked Out

With a groan he just barely managed to bite back, Cobra struggled with the front door, before pushing the door open with such force that the momentum sent him stumbling into the main room. Thanking every higher power he actually believed in that nobody was home to see him stumble around like his legs were about to give out under him and just outright ignoring the open door for the time being, he made his way into the hall.

“Whoa-!” he scrambled to stop before he hit the wall. He paused for the briefest moment, bracing himself with one hand against the wall while the other was tightly jammed between his legs.

He was fucking bursting.

Trying to get his rational mind back, having long since lost it once he had gone from mildly uncomfortable to need-to-piss-now, he decided to slow his scrambling through the house because bumping into every wall certainly wasn’t going to help him.

Keeping his hands firmly between his thighs, Cobra carefully made his way down to the end of the dull, undecorated hall to the bathroom at the end of it while simultaneously cursing the architect that thought putting the bathroom at the farthest point from the front door as they could manage was a good idea, but there wasn’t much he could do about that, so he just focused on the goal he could achieve.

Nothing could compare to the relief he felt upon reaching the door…

…and nothing could compare to the immediate frustration afterwards upon finding the same door locked.

“No no no NO!” he panicked, before slamming his fist on the door. He braced himself against the wall, then crossed one leg over the other.

‘Do not leak. Do not leak. Do. Not. Leak,’ he mentally rambled, biting his lip anxiously. This wasn’t fair! The house was supposed to be empty today! Who the hell could have gotten back before he did?!

He really wished he could hear who it was. Thanks to the enchantment around the room, which was a necessity because he didn’t need to hear everybody’s else’s business and they didn’t want him hearing it either, whatever happened behind the closed door was muted to him.

He inhaled sharply, doubling over and pressing his legs tightly together once he felt himself leak. He did not have very long left at all.

Cobra hit the door again, trying to make it very clear to whoever was inside that they needed to hurry up.

He seriously needed to talk the others into finding a house that had more than one bathroom.

With each passing second, he started contemplating his options, with the list slowly growing smaller the more he waited for the other person to finish with whatever they were doing. Any attempts to move prompted more leaks so if he wanted to go out the back and just use their backyard, he’d have to deal with the inevitable soaking of his boxers.

Then again, that same issue would arise the moment he’d be allowed into the bathroom. Not to mention, it’d be better than having an accident and outright soaking his pants, especially since he could already feel the dampness on his fingers.

“Come on. Come on..” he muttered, partially to the occupant to hurry up and partially to himself to keep holding.

He could practically hear his muscles straining in an effort to keep from losing any more liquid than he already had.

Psst!

“No no no no..” he hissed, feeling another spurt escape. Unable to take it anymore, he snapped and shouted, “Can whoever’s in there hurry the fuck up?!”

No response. He didn’t know what he expected. Even if the person inside was shouting back at him, he’d never hear it. That didn’t exactly stop him from continuing, however.

“I’m about to fucking piss my pants out here! Hurry up!” he snapped again. “I don’t care what you’re doing, just hurry the fuck up!”

Hearing the door open could not have possibly been more of a relief.

“Honestly, Cobra, you are such- Whoa!” Angel barely got to finish her sentence before Cobra shot past her, once again ignoring the door. Fortunately, she seemed to close it for him when he heard it click shut behind him.

“Fuck fuck fuck..” he muttered to himself as he struggled with his belt. Once he managed, he quickly pushed everything down and out of the way, right as the dam burst.

Not trusting his legs to keep him standing with how badly they were holding up now, he turned and sat down. With no more reason to wait, he finally opened the floodgates.

HISSSSSSS!

“Ahh… Aaaahhhhh…” a breathy sigh bubbled up out of his throat. True to his belief not to trust his legs, he could hardly feel damn near anything past the insurmountable relief that flooded his body. There was no way he’d stay standing.

Eventually, after a surprisingly long minute or two, his stream tapered off. He let out one last sigh, then gave himself a minute for his body to recover, then finally stood and inspected the damage. He felt heat rush to his ears upon seeing how much urine ended up on the floor.

“Dammit..” he huffed, before grabbing some paper in order to clean up. Once he was done with that, he flushed everything down and decided to just push all of it to the back of his mind. He was not going to acknowledge just how close he was to having a full accident.

“Wow, that was definitely something, wasn’t it?” he heard a familiar giggle behind him while in the midst of trying to wash his hands.

“Why the fuck did you listen in on me?!” Cobra demanded, turning to face his white haired Guildmate.

“I didn’t even know you could hold so much! Guess that’s another benefit of being a Dragon Slayer, huh? Although, it is a shame you have a bottomless stomach, but not quite a bottomless bladder,” she continued, ignoring his demand.

With a growl, he pushed past her, making it a point to ignore her giggling, and headed into his room.

He needed to get cleaned up and just forget today ever happened.

