Want you so bad

Author: AnxiousUrine

*000*2025-04-14 21:59

I originally posted this to ao3 but i thought i would share it here as well

Leone was getting pissed off. For starters, the current mission Bucciarati and his squad were sent on ended up with them staying at a hotel with not enough rooms for one each, so they had to share. Usually, Leone would be fine with that because she was always put with Bucciarati, who turned out to be a great roommate. But sadly her cappo wasn't as kind this time. She was sent to a room with Giorno fucking Giovanna of all people.

"You two need to get along," was his excuse. "Besides, it's only for a few nights. I'm sure you'll survive."

And Leone knew she could, she just didn't want to. The kid reminded her too much of her life before Passione and she hated it. But she couldn't do anything about it and Bucciarati's orders were final.

The second thing was that Giorno took ages to get ready in the morning. Leone thought he had miraculously dropped dead in the bathroom at first with how long he was taking. It didn't help that she also needed to piss. Desperately.

"Oi, Giorno," she yelled, knocking on the bathroom door after waiting over half an hour. "Hurry up or I'll piss on your bed."

The door didn't open, and Leone was starting to get uncomfortable. Shit, there was no way in hell that she would have an accident. She tried knocking on the door again, calling out for Giorno to open it and let her in.

"Fuck, Giorno. Please just let me use the damn toilet," Leone said, using all her willpower to keep it together.

The door finally opened at that and Giorno stuck his head out, clearly about to say something. Not that Leone let him, instead just stormed past and walked straight to the toilet. She got there just in time, her piss starting to leak out before she could fully get her cock out of her pants.

She sighed in relief when the stream hit the bowl, the heavy pressure in her bladder leaving as she continued to piss. She could feel Giorno's eyes on her but chose to ignore it, focusing on how good it felt to finally relieve herself. The stream was slowly stopping and soon all that was left was a small trickle that dripped from her cock. When she was done, Leone tucked herself back into her pants and washed her hands. Giorno was staring at her the entire time, much to Leone's discomfort, and had a faint flush covering his chest and face. Interesting.

"Sorry kid," Leone said as she dried her hands. "If you didn't take so long, you wouldn't have seen that."

Giorno just blankly stared at her and nodded, going back to styling his hair. Leone left shortly after that, grabbing her room key and wallet so she could get them both some breakfast. There was a bakery near the hotel they were staying at which sold some nice pastries. Leone went in and bought a few different ones, unsure of what Giorno would like. After that, the woman decided to go for a long walk through the park. She needed some air from staying at that small hotel for days, she was starting to get a constant headache at that point.

When Leone got back to the hotel room just under an hour later, she saw a man leaving the room, dressed in a plumber's uniform. Just great. Did their crappy hotel room spring another leak? She was going to have to talk about this with Bucciarati soon.

But she could tell that something worse than a burst pipe had happened when she saw Giorno's deep frown as she stepped into the room. The boy had his arms folded over his chest and was chewing at his bottom lip, and the sight was almost cute, which was a stupid fucking thought on its own, if not for the murderous look he was shooting in the direction of the bathroom.

"Something happened?" Leone asked as she placed their breakfast on the bed.

Giorno just sighed as he made his way over, reaching for a cinnamon pastry. "The toilet broke. Well, I think it was the toilet at least."

"How can you be unsure if it's the toilet or not?" Leone scoffed. "I knew you were slow, but seriously?"

Shooting her a glare, Giorno grabbed a coffee. "I'm sorry, miss "I can't wait five fucking minutes to piss", maybe if you didn't take an hour to go to the bakery, you might have an idea of what's going on."

Leone shoved the boy backwards at that with enough force that he almost fell over. "Well, I'm sorry, your highness. Next time you should tell me what you want to eat so I don't have to guess and buy almost everything in the fucking bakery. And you're the one who takes over an hour to do his hair in the morning."

The two glared at each other before Giorno shook his head and pointed a thumb towards the bathroom. "Go check it out yourself and see what's up. But if we need to use the toilet, we have to use the shower or just hold it until tomorrow."

"Don't worry, I believe you," Leone said, her temper already going back to normal. "Just eat your breakfast and enjoy it."

The two sat in silence as they continued to eat until Leone spoke up again. "You know, I can't remember the last time I pissed in anything but a toilet."

"I can," Giorno cut in, giving the older woman an odd look. "You pissed in my tea, remember?"

"And I apologised a few weeks later, forget about it," Leone grumbled.

Giorno just gave Leone an easy smile before moving closer to her, the shift in his mood almost scary. "I never said it was a bad thing, did I? So that's another option for you."

Leone almost choked on her food. "Jesus. What's up with you? I thought you were pissed with me a few minutes ago."

"I was more frustrated about the toilet," he said with a shrug, moving even closer to her. "I could never really be angry with you."

Oh, so that was it. Leone sighed and placed her hand on his shoulder, pushing him back slightly. "If you want to get laid, go ask Bucciarati. He's the one who agrees to that stuff, not me."

"I never said that I want to get laid," the young man replied, a challenging glint in his eye. "I just said that you can use me as a urinal."

Fuck this. Leone's breath caught in her throat as she stared at Giorno. Surely he was lying. This was all some elaborate prank on her that would end up with Leone being humiliated. But Giorno didn't look like he was lying, and those types of pranks weren't his style, anyway.

"You seriously want me to piss in your mouth?" She questioned. She needed to know the truth.

Giorno nodded eagerly, his cheeks bright red. He looked cute like that, and Leone gently stroked his jaw with the back of her hand. She then took another sip of her coffee and decided to lie down on the bed, watching the boy through narrowed eyes. He was looking at her with an odd intensity in his eyes. Leone would be lying if she said she wasn't at least a little turned on because of it.

They stayed in the small hotel room for the rest of the day, not really talking to each other but not outright avoiding one another, either. It was a surprise to Leone at how calm she felt around Giorno, especially as the two of them never really got along before that. It wasn't until late in the afternoon that Leone felt the familiar sensation of needing to go to the toilet. She stood up to go to the bathroom but Giorno stopped her by placing a hand on her shoulder.

"What do you want," she sighed, shifting slightly as the pressure in her bladder was becoming too much.

"I told you, use my mouth," Giorno said, and Leone knew that she couldn't say no when she saw the determined look in his eyes.

Still, she didn't want to just piss in the dude's mouth like that, it was weird. But when Giorno dropped to his knees in front of her and opened his pretty mouth, she couldn't say no to him. She just sighed and patted his hair.

"At least move into the bathroom," she said softly, still petting the boy's head. "We don't want to ruin this pretty carpet."

Giorno nodded his head and quickly stood up, already moving to go to the bathroom. When Leone entered, she saw Giorno knelt down in the shower, watching her with expectant eyes. If it was anyone else in that position, Leone wouldn't have held back. But because it was Giorno, she was hesitant. The two of them never got along before, and yet he still asked her to do this.

Still, she made her way over to the boy and stood in front of him in the shower. He gave her a smile and opened his mouth, his tongue sticking out as he watched her unzip her trousers. Leone could feel her face flush under his gaze but still pulled out her cock, resting it on Giorno's tongue. The eighteen year-old hummed lightly when the stream of piss started to come from Leone's cock. Giorno's mouth closed around the length as he swallowed, his eyes rolling back in his head. Leone licked her lips and looked down at his body, watching the young man palm at his cock through his trousers. He looked so needy and Leone groaned and pulled her cock out of his mouth. She aimed the stream at Giorno's chest, her piss hitting the open heart which showed his soft skin.

"More," Giorno gasped out, biting his lip as he continued to touch himself. "I'm sorry, Leone. I need you."

Leone couldn't hold it back anymore. Once she had finished covering the boy in her piss, leaving a golden sheen on his skin, she crouched down and kissed him. It was only meant to be a small kiss, barely a brush of her lips against Giorno's skin. But Giorno moved so that their lips connected, threading his fingers through Leone's long hair. The kiss deepened and soon the shower was starting to feel like too much of a confined space for the two of them. So Leone picked Giorno up, holding him close to her chest as she walked back into the bedroom. She carefully laid Giorno on the bed, kneeling between his legs as she slowly undressed him.

"Are you sure?" Leone asked once she removed Giorno's jacket. "You can stop me at any time, just let me know."

"Just hurry," Giorno whispered before connecting their lips again.

Leone did as she was told, throwing both of their clothing onto the floor. She spread Giorno's legs wider and lowered herself until she was level with his puckered hole. Leone gave it an experimental lick, growing bolder when Giorno started letting out encouraging moans. She loved the sounds and they were enough to get her to push her tongue past the tight ring of muscle. She sucked at the hole and moved to press kisses against the boy's ass and thighs. She could still feel her bladder aching much to her dismay and groaned into Giorno's skin, causing the boy to look down at her with a worried look.

"I'm fine," she said with a smile. "Just seems like my bladder isn't empty. I can always just-"

"Use me," Giorno said, cutting her off. "As I said earlier, you can use me."

Leone paused for a moment before nodding her head and moving to kiss him again. She got off the bed and walked over to her bag, getting the lube she had in there. She could feel Giorno watching her as she made her way back over to him, dropping the lube next to his head as she climbed onto his lap. They kissed again before Leone crawled down Giorno's body, licking at the piss-soaked skin. She latched onto a nipple, sucking at it until Giorno was whining and begging her to move.

"Your body is so irresistible," Leone said into his abs, swiping her tongue over his muscles. "God, I don't know if I can hold back."

"Then don't," Giorno gasped, stroking Leone's hair softly. "Fuck me hard, Leone."

"I can't deny a request like that," she chuckled, grabbing the lube. "Is this your first time, Giorno?"

Giorno nodded and blushed, Leone giving him a smile in response. She applied the lube to her fingers, slowly pushing one inside of Giorno as he clenched around her. He was so tight and hot and it was enough to make her head spin. Still, she couldn't allow herself to get too hard, not if she wanted to fill Giorno with her piss.

Leone pushed in another finger, Giorno moaning loudly and sweetly with each thrust. His body arched off the bed as Leone began to stroke his cock with each push of her fingers. A third was soon added, and that was enough to make Giorno cry out loudly, his legs shaking as he was clearly trying to hold back an orgasm. Leone smiled fondly and tightened her grip at the base of his cock, essentially creating a cock ring with her fingers.

"You're doing so well," Leone cooed, applying lube to her cock. "Just relax for me, okay?"

Giorno weakly nodded his head, tears starting to pool in his eyes. Leone knew how sensitive the boy must be, his cock an angry red as it leaked down onto Leone's hand. She lined herself up with his hole and pushed herself inside, going slowly so as to not hurt Giorno in any way. He weakly moaned once Leone was fully inside of him, giving her a weak nod to tell her to keep going. She slowly started to move, keeping a tight grip on the base of the boy's cock. Leone's pace quickened, the woman becoming lost in Giorno's body. He was so tight, his body sucking her in with each thrust. To her dismay, she was too hard to piss, a low groan escaping her lips at the realisation.

"Fuck, Giorno," she gasped out, pressing her lips to his throat. "You feel too good. So fucking good."

"Leone, harder," he moaned, his words ending in a whine as Leone sunk her teeth into his neck.

She sucked and kissed at his skin as she continued to jerk him off, her hand moving in time with her thrusts. She could tell Giorno was close, his body trembling and tense as she continued to touch him. He soon came, a beautiful cry leaving his lips as he painted her hand and his stomach white. Leone gasped as Giorno tightened around her, bringing her closer to her orgasm. She started to thrust harder, and a few minutes later she came, groaning into Giorno's neck as she shuddered, shooting ropes of come into the boy.

"Fuck," she whispered, coming down from her high. "Giorno, baby, I want to piss in you so bad."

"Do it," he said quietly, wrapping his arms around Leone's shoulders. "Fill me up."

Leone did just that, sighing softly into Giorno's ear as he relieved herself inside of him. He felt good, the best toilet Leone had ever used, and she stayed inside of him for a few minutes after, feeling comfortable in his warmth. She eventually pulled out, a mixture of come and piss leaking out of Giorno's hole and onto the bed. He whimpered as she moved but Leone calmed him with sweet words and gentle touches.

"you did so well," Leone said into his hair, kissing his temple softly as Giorno rolled over. "Don't sleep yet, you need to shower."

Giorno grumbled something but sat up, clearly exhausted at this point. Leone picked him up again and carried him to the bathroom, where she carefully washed the boy in the shower, holding him like he was made of glass. He clung to her tightly, kissing her neck as he carefully washed their bodies off. Leone carefully moved to wash his hair, making sure that his golden ringlets had no traces of sweat, come, or piss on them.

Once she was done, she took him back into the bedroom, placing him on the clean bed as she started to strip the one they had just dirtied. She didn't want to think of what the cleaners would say when they saw the mess. Not that it was her problem. Once the bed was bare she joined Giorno, curling up next to him. She wrapped her arms around his smaller body and covered them both in a blanket, not wanting to get cold. Giorno rolled over to face Leone and smiled, bringing a hand up to caress her cheek.

"I'm sorry," he said, closing his eyes. "I said I didn't want to get laid. And yet here we are."

Leone laughed and pulled Giorno closer to her. "It's okay, I'm just glad you had a good time. You should try to sleep, who knows what Bucciarati will make us do tomorrow."

Giorno laughed sweetly at that and pressed his face into Leone's chest, receiving a soft swat when he bit the soft skin. Their laughter soon dissolved into soft kisses and touches as the two of them started to relax. It was nice, the sunset casting a pale glow into their room. Leone closed her eyes and stroked Giorno's hair, relaxing against him and quietly listening to him as he slept.

