Alessandra the Fashion Goddess (Part 1)

Author: Alexis917

*000*2025-02-15 13:59

"Alessandra the Fashion Goddess" (Part 1)

Cue the spotlight, darlings. Enter Alessandra—goddess, queen, and undisputed deity of the runway. Not just a supermodel, but the supermodel, a celestial being gracing this miserable, unworthy Earth with her unattainable perfection.

She is a vision—towering in her stilettos like a divine statue carved by the gods themselves, her porcelain skin untouched by the sins of mere mortals. Her glossy blonde mane cascades in impossibly silky waves, catching the light just so, ensuring that all who dare to gaze upon her are struck with an existential crisis. Is it fair that one woman should possess all the beauty in the universe? No. But life isn’t fair, and Alessandra thrives on that fact.

Oh, how the other models try. They totter down the runway, poor things, convinced they have even a fraction of her presence. Adorable, really. But Alessandra knows the truth: she is not merely better than them—she is their endgame, their nightmare, the reason they cry in their overpriced silk pillowcases at night.

Beneath the breathtaking exterior? A woman so vain, so utterly convinced of her divine superiority, she makes Narcissus look self-conscious. And why shouldn’t she? The world bends to her will, designers weep at her feet, and every camera begs for her gaze. But behind that angelic face? A smirk. A knowing, deliciously wicked smirk. Because Alessandra is not just a beauty—she is a force.

And if you think she’s going to let some lesser supermodel steal her spotlight? Oh, sweetheart. Get ready for a fashion war.

The stage is set. The air is thick with anticipation, tension, and the faint scent of desperation wafting from the lesser models who know—deep in their sad little hearts—that tonight, they are merely the opening act to her grand performance.

Yes, there are other models. Yes, they are wearing clothes. But really, does it even matter? The audience is here for one reason, and one reason only: Alessandra. The supermodel of supermodels. The human embodiment of unattainable perfection. And, in a cruel twist of fate, she will be the only one to wear the most coveted, breathtaking pieces of the entire collection.

Oh, the poor dears! Look at them, forced to strut the runway in their adequate little outfits, trying—trying—to summon even a fraction of the attention that will soon belong solely to Alessandra. They know what’s coming. The audience knows what’s coming. The world knows what’s coming.

And then—boom. The lights shift. A dramatic, almost religious hush falls over the room. A single spotlight slices through the darkness, illuminating the entrance like the pearly gates of heaven itself.

And there she is.

Dripping in wealth, adorned in glossy, diamond-studded stilettos so high they defy physics, shimmering in a figure-hugging masterpiece that looks as though the gods themselves wove it from moonlight and sin. Around her neck and wrists? Gold and diamond jewelry so obscene in price that entire nations could be fed for decades—but let’s be honest, what’s more important, world hunger or Alessandra looking immaculate? The answer is obvious.

She glides forward, effortlessly, like a celestial being deigning to bless the mortals with her presence. Every camera gasps. The audience collectively forgets how to breathe. The lesser models? They may as well have evaporated—and honestly, they probably wish they had.

For this is Alessandra’s moment. Every moment is Alessandra’s moment. And anyone who thought otherwise? Oh, darling. How tragic for them.

Backstage, in the hallowed, sacred inner sanctum of fashion’s reigning deity, the air is thick with tension. Not the glamorous kind—no, no. The kind that comes from a room full of overworked, underpaid assistants scurrying around like terrified rodents, praying they don’t make a mistake. Because one mistake? One wrong move? And Alessandra will end them.

There she sits, perched atop her luxurious velvet chair like a queen upon her throne, draped in the most opulent silk robe money can buy—because, obviously, even waiting must be done in unspeakable luxury. Her glossy, stiletto-clad foot taps impatiently against the floor, her long, manicured fingers wrapped around a crystal flute of imported champagne. (Is it the right temperature? God help the assistant who didn’t check.)

"Ugh," she sighs dramatically, rolling her stunning, heavily lashed eyes. "Do I have to do everything myself? Or is someone going to fix this lighting before I go blind?"

The assistants scramble. The lighting is fine. Perfect, even. But Alessandra has decided it is not, and therefore, it must be fixed.

"Where is my mirror?" she snaps, her voice dripping with condescension. "Do I look like I can check my reflection in thin air?"

An assistant rushes forward, holding up an ornate, diamond-encrusted mirror with hands that shake ever so slightly. Alessandra grabs it with a flick of her wrist and stares into it, admiring the masterpiece that is herself. A pause. Then—disaster strikes.

"My hair," she gasps, horror-stricken, turning her perfectly styled head in the mirror. "Who. Did. This."

The room goes silent. The hairstylist—poor, foolish soul—steps forward, trembling. "I—I did, Miss Alessandra. Exactly how you asked."

Alessandra’s lips curl into a slow, wicked smile. "Exactly how I asked?" she purrs, tilting her head. "Exactly? Then tell me, darling…" she leans in, voice dropping to a lethal whisper, "why do I look like a poodle that just survived a tornado?"

The hairstylist turns a shade of white that has not yet been discovered by science. Alessandra tosses the mirror onto a nearby table with a dramatic clatter, leans back in her chair, and sighs. "Useless. Absolutely useless. If I wanted incompetence, I’d have hired… well, literally anyone else in this room."

She extends one delicate hand. "Someone fix this, before I have a nervous breakdown. And where is my diamond water? Do I look like I drink peasant water?"

The assistants scatter once more, moving at inhuman speed to fulfill her every outrageous demand. Their own needs? Their own exhaustion? Their own basic human dignity? Please. That’s not why they exist. They exist for one thing, and one thing only—to serve Alessandra.

And, God help them, they’d better do it perfectly.

The cracks are beginning to show.

Oh, not in Alessandra, of course—heaven forbid. No, no, she remains as flawless, as impossibly beautiful, and as violently insufferable as ever. But her assistants? The peasants she has so generously allowed to orbit in her gravitational field of perfection? They are breaking.

After months—months—of enduring her soul-crushing demands, her eardrum-shattering shrieks, and her relentless barrage of demeaning insults, they have begun to experience something dangerous. Something forbidden.

Resentment.

It’s the little things, at first. The way their hands tighten around her designer robes as they adjust them. The dead-eyed stares when she demands her diamond-infused water be served at precisely 36.5 degrees Celsius (not a fraction more, not a fraction less, unless you want a scene straight out of a Greek tragedy). The barely concealed eye twitches whenever she shrieks at them for existing too loudly in her presence.

And oh, the shrieking. The shrieking.

“Are you seriously this incompetent?” she bellows, tossing a custom-made, one-of-a-kind, stitched-by-ancient-artisans dress onto the floor like a used napkin. “Do you enjoy making me suffer? Are you all conspiring against me? ANSWER ME!”

They do not answer. Because they value their lives.

One assistant, previously a hopeful fashion intern with dreams of grandeur, now stares blankly into the abyss, rethinking every decision that led her here. Another, an aspiring designer, clutches a tray of imported French macarons (color-coordinated to match Alessandra’s mood) and fantasizes about throwing them at her face.

But no one dares. Not yet. Because Alessandra, in all her horrific, godforsaken glory, is still at the peak of her reign.

But oh, the whispers are starting. The glares behind her back are growing sharper. And somewhere, in the hearts of the exhausted, underpaid, and chronically disrespected, a revolution is brewing.

Alessandra doesn’t see it.

Because Alessandra doesn’t see anything that isn’t Alessandra.

But when the moment comes? Oh, darling. It will be spectacular.

The assistants have had it.

No more screeching. No more diamond water tantrums. No more being treated like sentient dust particles unworthy of existing in Alessandra’s radiant presence. It’s time for a reckoning. A glorious, well-deserved, long-overdue reckoning.

And so, in the dimly lit corners of the dressing room—where the scent of hairspray and barely-contained rage lingers—whispers begin to swirl. A plan is forming. A plan so deliciously ironic, so poetically perfect, that even Shakespeare himself would weep at its sheer brilliance.

They know exactly how to do it.

Because if there is one thing Alessandra loves more than the sound of her own voice (which she hears far too often), it is the stage. The catwalk. The arena of the gods, where she graces the world with her magnificence.

Oh, and let’s talk about that walk.

Not just any walk. The walk. Her signature, absurdly exaggerated, physics-defying, borderline-theatrical strut. The kind of walk that doesn’t just say, I am a supermodel. No, no. It screams, I am the chosen one. The rest of you are merely extras in my personal fashion saga.

She doesn’t glide like the other models. She commands. She dominates. She snatches the souls of the audience with every impossibly sharp stomp of her stiletto-clad feet.

And so, the plan is simple.

They will let her have her moment. Let her bask in the flashing cameras, the roaring cheers, the blinding spotlights that she lives for. Let her believe—for just a few blissful, egotistical seconds—that she is untouchable.

And then?

Oh, darling.

Then they will bring her crashing back down to earth in a way so cataclysmically humiliating that even Alessandra—self-ordained goddess of the runway—will be forced to confront the one truth she has spent her life denying.

She is not, in fact, invincible.

And the world?

Oh, the world is about to witness it all.

The assistants had spent months suffering under Alessandra’s reign of high-heeled terror, and now, at long last, vengeance was brewing.

Literally.

Because the very cup of coffee that Alessandra so graciously sipped—without a second thought, without so much as an ounce of gratitude—had just been transformed into a ticking time bomb.

Oh, it looked innocent enough. A steaming, artisanal, imported blend (hand-ground by monks in the Swiss Alps, obviously) served in an offensively expensive porcelain cup. But beneath the surface, beneath the rich, velvety aroma, lurked the most potent, merciless, bladder-annihilating cocktail imaginable.

One assistant, under the guise of her usual frantic groveling, had ever so delicately stirred a generous amount of diuretic powder into the brew. And just for fun? That caffeine-packed, heart-palpitating monstrosity of a coffee was already working overtime to turn her body into a raging river of liquid doom.

The moment Alessandra took that first, unbothered, arrogant sip, the assistants exchanged the tiniest of glances. The kind of glance that said, It has begun.

Of course, Alessandra had no idea. She remained completely absorbed in her favorite activity—being herself.

“I don’t know why I even bother with these shows,” she sighed dramatically, lazily swirling her coffee. “It’s not fair to the other models. They try so hard. And yet, when I step onto that runway…” She exhaled, gazing at her own flawless reflection. “It’s just over for them.”

She tossed her head back and downed the entire cup.

Oh, how perfect.

Because there was one thing that could strike terror into the heart of the untouchable, unshakable, unbearably smug Alessandra—

A full bladder.

And not just any full bladder.

A ruthlessly full bladder, one so overwhelmingly desperate that even she—queen of poise, goddess of the catwalk, empress of self-importance—would be powerless to stop it.

And as a little cherry on top? They all knew that Alessandra, in her infinite vanity, refused—refused—to use the same toilets as the other supermodels. Peasant toilets? Absolutely not. She had her own private throne, tucked away in her dressing room.

But what if…

What if, in a cruel, fateful twist of destiny…

She couldn’t reach it in time?

Oh, the mere thought of it was delicious.

Now, all they had to do was wait.

And soon—very soon—Alessandra’s flawless, untouchable world was about to unravel.

Right there.

Under the merciless glare of the runway lights.

The show was about to begin.

The music blared. The lights flashed. The air was electric with anticipation. The audience, a sea of fashion’s elite, perched on the edges of their seats, waiting—aching—for the grand reveal of the night’s true star.

And that star? Oh, of course, it was her.

Alessandra.

Supermodel of supermodels. Walking deity. The woman who could turn a simple strut into a divine spectacle.

But behind the curtain? Oh, behind the curtain, something sinister was happening. Something monumental. Something that not even the almighty Alessandra could control.

Minute by minute, her bladder was filling. Rapidly. Relentlessly.

At first, it was just a twinge. A tiny whisper of discomfort. An annoyance. Easily ignored.

But then—oh, then—the discomfort grew. It swelled. It raged.

And suddenly, her signature poised, effortless perfection was marred by the slightest shift in her stance. The tiniest tightening of her jaw. The barest flicker of unease in her piercing, overly-dramatic gaze.

No. This would not do.

She had precisely five minutes before she had to slip into her breathtakingly tight, shimmering ensemble. That was more than enough time to relieve herself and restore her flawless composure.

So, she rose from her throne (*her plush, silk-covered chair—because, obviously, she did not sit on anything less than exquisite) and stalked toward her private bathroom, head held high, stilettos clicking like a symphony of superiority.

Except—

No.

No, no, NO.

She stopped dead, her eyes narrowing at the offensive, unforgivable sight before her.

Her private bathroom door—her sanctuary, her porcelain throne, her refuge from the peasant-infested public restrooms—was locked.

And worse?

An "OUT OF ORDER" sign had been boldly, mockingly, insultingly slapped onto the door.

Silence.

For a single, horrifying moment, the world stood still.

And then—

"WHAT IS THIS?!"

The shriek ripped through the backstage area like a fashion-induced banshee wail.

Assistants flinched. Makeup artists ducked for cover. A hair stylist dropped her curling iron in sheer terror.

"WHO DID THIS?!" Alessandra roared, eyes blazing, stilettos stamping. "DO YOU THINK THIS IS FUNNY? DO YOU THINK I’M AMUSED?!"

She spun to face her trembling assistants, her hands on her hips, her bladder screaming but her ego screaming louder.

"FIX IT! FIX IT RIGHT NOW!"

Silence.

Nobody moved.

The assistants exchanged a glance. The kind of glance that said, Oh, this is even better than we imagined.

Of course, they couldn’t fix it. And they wouldn’t. Because this was only the beginning.

Alessandra, in all her furious, bladder-bursting glory, was about to step onto the biggest stage of her career.

And the real show was just about to start.

Chaos. Absolute chaos.

The assistants had mastered the art of deception. They ran frantically in all directions, flinging open random doors, calling out for a nonexistent handyman, whispering into their headsets like secret agents on a mission of global importance.

"We need maintenance in Alessandra’s dressing room, STAT!" one of them barked into a completely dead earpiece. "I repeat—urgent bathroom malfunction! This is a CODE GOLD!"

Meanwhile, Alessandra sat seething on her absurdly plush, silk-covered, imported-from-Paris sofa, her mile-long legs crossed tightly at the knee, bouncing with an agitation she would never admit was pure, unfiltered desperation.

Her bladder was now in full revolt. A rebellion of liquid fury.

But no. Absolutely not.

She was Alessandra. The supermodel of supermodels. The walking embodiment of perfection. And perfection did not get desperate. Perfection did not squirm. Perfection did not stomp its glossy stiletto against the floor in barely concealed panic.

Except…

She was squirming. She was stomping.

And her voice? Oh, it had reached a pitch so unholy, so ear-splitting, that sound engineers in the next room were checking their audio levels.

"Are you ALL INCOMPETENT?!" she bellowed, gripping the armrest like it had personally betrayed her. "Do you even UNDERSTAND what a DISASTER this is?! DO YOU?!"

The assistants nodded solemnly, biting the insides of their cheeks to suppress their delight.

"It’s okay, Alessandra, we’re doing everything we can," one of them said with the kind of patronizing calm usually reserved for people on the verge of hysterics.

"WELL, IT’S NOT FAST ENOUGH, IS IT?!" she shrieked, uncrossing and recrossing her legs so violently that the jewels on her designer dress rattled.

Minutes stretched on like a cruel joke. The show was starting, models were walking, the audience was cheering, and still—no toilet.

The assistants moved slower. The whispers in their headsets became quieter. The search for the mystical, all-powerful handyman became less enthusiastic.

Because they all knew the truth.

There was no handyman.

There was no rescue.

There was only Alessandra.

Alessandra and her rapidly filling bladder, about to step onto the biggest stage of her life.

And oh, was it going to be a show.

Just as Alessandra was about to unleash another ear-splitting tirade, the double doors to her dressing room swung open with the force of a Biblical decree.

And there, standing in the entrance like an avenging fashion deity, was Jean-Michel Laurent—the legendary, infamously short-tempered, chain-smoking head designer of the show’s most prestigious collection.

The room fell silent.

Even Alessandra—yes, even Alessandra—paused for a fraction of a second. Because when Jean-Michel Laurent entered a room, you shut up and listened.

With a sharp flick of his cigarette (yes, he was smoking indoors, because who was going to stop him?), he narrowed his steely, disapproving eyes at Alessandra. Then, with the most dramatic sigh known to mankind, he motioned toward her trembling assistants.

"Enough with this nonsense," he snapped, his French accent making everything sound twice as exasperated. "We do not have time for your screaming, your theatrics, your… whatever this is." He gestured vaguely at her stiletto-stomping, sofa-squirming, leg-crossing tantrum.

Then, with a curt nod, he looked straight at the head assistant and uttered the fateful words:

"Get her dressed. Now."

Alessandra froze.

Because in that moment, reality slammed into her like a rogue model tripping in platform heels.

It was time.

It was time.

Her moment was here. Her grand, dazzling, universe-altering moment under the lights.

And her bladder?

Her aching, swollen, ready-to-revolt bladder?

Irrelevant.

Completely, utterly irrelevant.

Because Alessandra did not show weakness. Alessandra did not squirm. Alessandra did not allow something as primitive as bodily functions to interfere with her divine purpose.

So, with a sharp inhale, she clenched everything, tightened her jaw, and allowed herself to be transformed.

The assistants descended on her like a well-trained pit crew at a high-stakes race.

The dress—an impossibly tight, figure-worshipping masterpiece of shimmering fabric—was slid over her body, molded onto her like liquid metal. It clung to her every curve with ruthless precision.

The jewels—glittering, obscenely expensive diamonds and gold—were clasped around her neck and wrists, the weight of them adding an extra layer of pressure that her bladder did not appreciate.

And then—

Oh. Oh no.

The stilettos.

Not just any stilettos. Lofty, needle-thin, gravity-defying stilettos. The kind that required absolute balance. The kind that forced every step to be perfectly controlled.

The kind that made it physically impossible to cross her legs.

As the final strap was snapped into place, Alessandra sat there—back ramrod straight, lips pressed together so tightly they were turning white, thighs clenched together with the force of a dying star.

"Perfect," Jean-Michel declared, stepping back to admire his living masterpiece.

Then, with a wave of his hand—

"Time for the catwalk."

Alessandra swallowed.

Her bladder screamed.

But she simply lifted her chin, squared her shoulders, and prepared to do what she did best.

Strut.

Own the stage.

And pray to every fashion god in existence that she made it through without catastrophe.

