Sandy stuck zipper

Author: Anonymus123

*000*2023-10-31 15:43

Sandy is a nineteen-year-old girl. She has short, straight, black hair with dyed blue ends; Her skin is tanned and her eyes are hazel. She has C-cup breasts, and large hips, which usually attracts the attention of several guys, and some girls.

Sandy had been invited by a friend from college to a costume party. Sandy unhesitatingly agreed, after all, she had nothing to do on Halloween night.

She had disguised herself as Samus Zero. The costume was very close to the body, so Sandy decided to be a little naughty and didn't wear underwear, just a few bandages on her nipples so they wouldn't stand out because of the tight outfit. Her costume had a zipper on the front, so it would be easy for her to reach for it and take off the entire costume at once.

Sandy arrived at the party venue shortly after eight o'clock in the evening. She had arrived on her motorcycle, which she left parked outside the house.

Upon entering, she greeted Hazel, the friend who had invited her, who was also hosting the party. Hazel wore a witch costume, which was very common, but just as good.

—Hey, Sandy, I'm glad you came —she smiled at her—. By the way, I love your costume.

—Seriously?

—Yes. You'll catch the eye of a lot of guys.

—I don't think it's a bad idea —Sandy smiled.

—Well, there's "blood" punch there, if you want, and there's plenty of candy too.

—Okay, I'll go get some punch, I'll be back.

Sandy walked over to the snack table and grabbed a glass to pour herself some punch. As she poured herself the punch, she felt someone spanking her butt. Sandy was ready to fight the pervert, but her expression changed completely when she saw a blue-eyed blonde who looked like a girl, and in a costume of Alice.

—Oh, Zoey, it's you.

—Yes, who else would greet you with a spank on the butt?

—A pervert?

—Well, maybe. But i'm not a pervert.

—Yes, sure, say that until convince yourself.

—Hey!

Zoey nudged Sandy, making her laugh. Sandy continued to pour herself the punch and offered a glass to Zoey, who gladly accepted.

—Let me guess, you don't wear underwear underneath the costume —she said, taking a sip of the punch.

—How did you know?

—I know you, Sandy. Also, if you were wearing underwear, it would be noticeable because the costume is very close to your body.

—Well, you got me.

Zoey laughed a little and finished all the punch, putting the glass back on the table. As Sandy drank hers, Zoey looked at her as if she were analyzing her.

—Hey, do you think you'll have no trouble going to the bathroom with that?

—Why do you ask?

—Well, sometimes zippers get stuck. And your costume is one-piece, so you'd be in serious trouble if the zipper will get stuck.

—Don't talk nonsense Zoey, look.

Sandy took the zipper tab and pulled it down to her breasts and then pulled it up, repeating the process a few more times.

—See? It didn't get stuck.

—I was just saying.

—Anyway, let's talk to Hazel.

—Okay.

Throughout the party, Sandy was talking to her friends, dancing and flirting with the odd guy who caught her eye. She also received a couple of compliments and compliments from some guys, and a few girls.

There was a costume contest and they would award the best three. Among those was Sandy, who came in second. The first one was won by a boy in a very realistic Clown costume, and the third one was taken by a guy in a very realistic Clown costumeThere was a costume contest and they would award the best three. Among those was Sandy, who came in second. The first was obtained by a boy in a very realistic It costume, and the third was occupied by Zoey, as she looked very much like Alice.

Sandy's treat was a tres leches dessert, with a crushed cookie topping.

One thing no one knew about Sandy is that she is lactose intolerant. And because of that, she was forced to accept the dessert, which actually wasn't very big. It was a little bigger than a slice of cake.

The party continued to move forward with a pumpkin carving contest. Was there a prize? No, but still many participated to show off their talent, and some for fun.

When the candy ran out, Sandy decided to eat the dessert she had earned. After all, the party was about to end, and the upset stomach wouldn't be right away. Besides, she was hungry, and it's not like sweets fill her stomach a lot.

She ate the whole dessert, giving a taste or two to those who asked for a little. She tossed the container in which the dessert was in the trash, and walked into the crowd.

Fifteen minutes after finishing dessert, however, Sandy felt a twinge. But the twinge didn't come from her stomach, but from her bladder. Sure, Sandy had drunk too much punch that night and felt like peeing. She walked to the bathroom, but changed her mind when she saw the long line.

"I can hold out until I get home" Sandy thought as she turned to her friends.

Almost an hour passed and Sandy felt a pain in her stomach, followed by the urge to fart. Her lactose intolerance was taking effect. Sandy tried to stay calm so as not to attract the attention of her friends. However, she was fidgeting a little restlessly in her seat.

Another hour passed, and Sandy's urge to urinate and fart had increased. Not to mention, Sandy had begun to feel something moving in her bowels. But still, she didn't want to leave, the party wasn't over yet, and she didn't want to leave her friend, so she made an effort to keep holding on, as there was still a line for the bathroom.

Fortunately for Sandy, the party was officially over after thirty minutes. And while he wanted to be kind and help Hazel clean up and clean up, a strong wave of desperation made her run out of the party.

She said goodbye to her friend as she made her way to her motorbike, put on her helmet, started the vehicle and sped home.

While she was on the bike, she couldn't take it anymore, and she farted a lot, which were mostly wet and stinky. Sandy was thankful it was pretty late, so there were no cars on the streets that could slow her down, let alone any cops who could pull her over for speeding and running some red lights. She knew it was wrong, but the desperation to urinate and defecate was too strong.

It took her fifteen minutes to get home. She took off her helmet, turned off her motorbike and ran inside her house, desperately fiddling with the keys. Once inside, he didn't even bother to turn on the lights, but ran to the bathroom and locked the door.

She was a little relieved that she had managed to get home to relieve herself quietly without anyone bothering her, since her parents had gone on a trip for a whole week. Sandy stood in front of the toilet, grabbed the zipper tab, and pulled it down.

It didn't move.

Sandy felt a cold sweat run down her face and her heart race as she tugged back on the tongue and saw that it wasn't moving.

"No, no, no, please, I'm to close" Sandy thought, tugging harder on the zipper tab.

Sandy began to move desperately instead. Her bladder had begun to bulge from how full it was, and her bowels were growling furiously.

Sandy kept trying to pull the tongue, but it wouldn't budge, it wouldn't come down a bit, and Sandy was getting more and more impatient. Suddenly, a stream of hot urine came out of his bladder without warning. Sandy brought her free hand to her crotch, trying to hold back the urine. She managed to stop the flow, but she didn't know how long she would be able to hold on.

As she tried to pull the tongue hard, a flurry of farts shot out of her anus, heralding the soon arrival of her poop.

Sandy tried to pull harder, but that was a mistake. By using too much force, she not only got the tip of her poop out of her anus, touching the fabric of her costume, but also ripped off the zipper tab. Sandy stared stunned at the tab between her fingers.

When her poop moved a little more, Sandy began to panic. While she could still take off the disguise, it would be much more difficult now that the zipper was stuck and tongueless.

Through it all, Sandy didn't give up, determined to take off her disguise at any cost.

But it only took a few seconds for misfortune to happen. First, her bladder, which had been waiting the longest, was released. Even though Sandy pressed her hand hard against her crotch, she wasn't able to stop her urine this time. A huge puddle of urine quickly formed on the ground beneath her, leaving her costume very wet. Sandy felt dirty and a little disgusted, and just wanted to get rid of that costume as quickly as possible, as the urine had started to cool, leaving a feeling that Sandy disliked.

Sandy moved her hand from her crotch to her butt and squeezed tightly. She had already peed on herself, and the last thing she wanted was to shit on herself, she had enough of the farts coming out uncontrollably in a noisy way.

She fidgeted restlessly, feeling her anus waver and poop slipping out of her anus at times. Sandy tried to squeeze her anus and get the poop back in, but at this point of desperation it was almost impossible.

And a strong, wet fart was the boost her poop needed to get out. Sandy let out a groan as she felt something thick and unsolid shoot out of her anus, filling the back of her costume with shit. And since she wasn't wearing underwear, the poop immediately went down her legs, bulging the suit all the way down. And that had been only the first charge, the second was even worse than the first, as it was completely liquid. Sandy felt that sticky, foul-smelling liquid running down her legs and almost popping out of her costume to join the puddle of urine. The third and final load was a bit more solid than the previous ones.

Despite the recent accident, Sandy squeezed her buttocks and sphincter, making a last, desperate attempt to contain what was left of her poop. She still had hopes that she would be able to take off her disguise and finish her need in the toilet.

But she didn't make it, the zipper was still stuck and it only took a few seconds and a couple of accidental pushes for her anus to open again, releasing what was missing.

Sandy felt very embarrassed, humiliated, and mortified. Her new costume, which had cost her a good deal of money, had just been ruined, and worse, she still couldn't take it off, being forced to feel the disgusting sensation of cold dampness in the front, and the disgusting, stinking mush in the back.

Sandy dropped to the floor and started crying, she'd been so, so close to making it, but she couldn't because of the stupid zipper that had gotten stuck.

When Sandy managed to break free of her disguise, she would take a bath and clean up the whole mess.

