My new roommate, revised

Author: AlmostWet

*000*2023-07-26 16:48

Sara room mate, age 18

After three hours on the road I pulled into the drive way of my moms house to pick up Sara my new room mate. Mom had called me and arranged for for Sara to stay with me while she attended college. She was the neighbor girl I used to babysit but now she was done with High School school and ready to move up to a university in the big city.

Mom meet me at the door with a big squeezy hug. She got a worried look on her face when her hug made me cringe. I told her that she could relax. "nothing is wrong, it's just been a long trip and I really needed to use the bathroom". I just wanted to get here to see you and didn't take time to make a rest stop. I tried to pull away but she didn't let go. "Please, your squeezing me like that is making it even worse. If you keep it up I might not be able to hold it".

She laughed. "I am your mother and I haven't seen you in a long time. I am going to give my little boy a hug before I let him get away. It reminds me of when you were little and would hold it till the last minute. You always ended up running for the bathroom, sometimes you didn't make it and I had to change you into dry pants. So you just relax. You still have an extra set of clothes here and it wouldn't be the first time I had to change you after you were to busy to go when you should."

"Mom!, I am not a little boy any more."

"True, but you still have some of your little boy habits. But don't worry, these days even I have to run for the bathroom once in a while. But I have the excuse of having several kids.

"Really? That's interesting. I never thought about my mother pissing her pants. I'm going to have to start closer paying attention".

"You don't really want to watch your old mom not to make it to the toilet in time do you?"

"Well, like I said it would be interesting. Since it looks like you are going to make me wet my pants you need to remember pay back is a bitch. The longer you hold me here the longer I will hold you back when you are running for the bathroom".

She playfully punched my shoulder. "You wouldn't dare do that to you loving mommy. But the more often you visit me the better chance of you being here when... I mean... if I get caught short. And who knows, if that is what it takes to motivate you to come see me more often. From now on call me when you leave to come here so I know to be to busy to go to the bathroom so I have to go when you get here. That way you will have to wait for me to go before you can pee. Now if I get my timing wrong I might end up having to do a little extra laundry. But that is a small price to pay to see my little boy more often".

She held me for a few more seconds while I did a the pee pee dance. Then said "as cute as you are squirming around like that and as you said as interesting as it would be to watch you have an accident.... I better let you go before you really do wet your pants. She whispered in my ear "If I didn't know better I would think you are enjoying being delayed by my hug while you are struggling not to have an accident. In fact if you drive straight through so you show up really needing the bathroom next time I will know for sure and my hug will last longer. Then we will see what happens and how much you really do like it. And then I will get to change my little boy out of wet pants just like old times" As she let me go she gently swatted me on the butt and pushed me towards the bathroom.

"Mom, cut that out, I'm not a little boy any more. I just didn't want to loose time by stopping." I said over my shoulder as I ran for the bathroom.

"You will always be my little boy no matter how old you are. Now get. It would be really embarrassing if you had an accident because you were arguing instead of using the toilet. I will fix us some sandwiches and after lunch you can go pick up your new roomie".

I made it in time, but just barely. Thank god, I thought for sure I was going to loose control before she let go of me. While she was hugging me I felt the first few drops making their way down my dick and leaking out of the end making me start to get hard. That's strange. I wonder why I was getting hard? Oh god, I hope she didn't notice. Luckily my underwear only had a small wet spot. My jeans had nothing visible on them. I swear I peed for a full 2 minutes. Relief never felt so amazing. I washed up and headed for the kitchen.

When I got there she was standing at the table making sandwiches. Her legs were crossed and she was mumbling "I know I told him if he came more often I would set it up so he was here when I get caught short but I didn't think it would happen today." I walked up to her and and said "what's up"

Her cheeks blushed. She paused for a few seconds like she was thinking about something, then said "It's about time you got finished. You weren't the only one that needed to use the bathroom when you got here. Should I run to the bathroom before we sit down and eat? She paused for a few seconds while looking me in the eye and shifting her weight from one leg to the other. I better go first. I will end up wet before we finish eating. And that won't be happening today. The sooner you come back and visit sooner I will get really busy while you are traveling to come see me."

"I am getting the urge to give you a hug" I said as I put my hands on her shoulders.

"Oh no you don't, next time we can see who breaks the hug first." She slipped away and did the quick waddle step to the bathroom.

I laughed. "But you are so cute squirming around like that and it is so adorable watching you try not to have an accident."

When she got back we caught up on all the family news while we ate lunch. Once we were done she walked me to the door and gave me another hug. "I think your going to find having Sara as your roommate interesting. Did you realize she still puts off using the bathroom to the very last minute if she is busy or doing something interesting and according to her mom sometimes for no apparent reason. Most people out grow that habit, but not her, or apparently you either. It drives her mom crazy, but I bet you won't mind at all. Now get over there and pick her up so you can get her to her new home."

As I headed out the door she whispered into my ear "remember, come back and visit me real soon. Don't forget your next visit will be our little test to see if you stop and go potty on the way or if you drive straight through and show up in needing to run to the bathroom right away. And remember to let me know when you leave."

I knocked on Sara's door and her mom answered. "You haven't changed a bit, still beautiful as always."

"And you are still just as much as a flirt as you ever were. Sara is in her room packing her things. Did you know she used to have the biggest crush on you. She has been bouncing with excitement to the point she has almost been nervous wreck the past few days. Please be genital with her. I don't think she ever out grew her little school girl crush."

"That is ok, she may not be little anymore but she is still a school girl even if it is college. But seriously, you don't need worry. I will treat her like she is my kid sister."

"I know you will. That's why I ask your mom to arrange for her to stay with you. I know you will treat her right and keep her out of trouble. Remember when she was busy she used to put off using the potty till ended up wetting her pants. Well she still puts it off to the very last minute. I broke her of just wetting part but she still puts it off way to long. Do me a favor and encourage her to go when she needs to. Maybe she will listen to you better than me. And make sure she goes to the bathroom before you leave or she might get your car seat wet."

"Don't worry, you can relax and enjoy some 'me time'. I will look after her for the next few years."

I walked down the hall to her bedroom. The door was open, I was just about to knock when I saw her. She was facing away from me, packing her bags. What caught my eye right away was that her legs were crossed and she was pee pee dancing. She was talking to herself "He better get here soon. If he takes much longer I'm going to have to use the bathroom so I don't accidentally go potty in my pants before we leave. That would take all the fun out of the trip and make it sooo boring."

She must have heard me. because she jumped, stopped dancing and pulled her legs apart and stood up pretending that she was just fine. As she was turning around she snapped "I'm fine, I don't need to go." When she saw it was me "oops, sorry I thought you were my mom. She is constantly trying to get me to run to the bathroom every 20 minutes no matter how busy I am. Even though I need to go a little bit I know I can wait until later."

I said "hi, long time no see"

@@"Relax, your mother is in the other room and she can't see you and if I shut the door she won't be able to here what we say. One thing I want to make clear straight off. I will never pester you about using the toilet or get mad at you for not going to the bathroom when you need to. Even if it causes you to have an accident in your pants. You are old enough to choose when , where and even if you use the toilet. With that said I did promise your mom I would make sure you used the bathroom before we left. So lets keep us both out of trouble by making her think you did. I suggest while I load your bags into the car you go into the bathroom, just stand there a couple of minutes then flush the toilet and wash your hands. That way she hears you go potty. Now of course you can actually go pee if you really want to, but before you make your decision be aware that I plan on taking the back roads and there are not many places we can stop to go potty so the next opportunity to use a toilet will be at least an hour and a half from now maybe even longer. Even so, from what I just saw and heard I'm betting that even though you have to go bad enough you are already pee pee dancing you still won't go before we leave even if it means you are taking a real chance of not making it to the potty in time. Will you?"

She blushed, gave me that cute little girl smile of hers and crossed her legs in an exaggerated way. "I'm just fine, I don't need to go right now. I can wait until later... probably."

*****************

I just smiled at her and said "as you wish, but make sure you don't PP dance, squirm around or even cross your legs until you are inside the car or we will both be in trouble. Once we are in the hallway where your mom can hear I am going to tell you to go the the bathroom. You make some snide remark about it and go in and do what we talked about." As soon as I opened the door I raised my voice enough to make sure her mom could hear and said " it is going to be a long ride so make sure you go to the bathroom before we leave".

"But I don't need to go potty!"

"Get in there and try, just in case or I will have to swat your cute little butt just like I did when you were little girl with an attitude."

Her mom interjected; "Some things never change"

"Fine. You don't have to mean about it, I will try, but I don't need to go!"

"While you do that I am going to carry you bags to the car."

"See, I thought she would listen to you. I would have had to argue with her for several minutes to get her to go. What's your secret"

"I will never tell. I guess she really does still have that school girl crush"

Sara punched my arm as she pushed by me. "I do not! I just need... want to get going and don't have time to waste arguing about it."

When I walked back into the house I could hear the toilet flushing. Sara was opening the door of the bathroom. I went down the hall. I caught a glimpse of her looking down at her pants like she was checking for a wet spot. "My turn, like I said its a long ride and it would be best if neither of us had an accident on the way. Now hurry up and give your mom a hug and tell her that you love her. Then go wait for me in the car. I won't be long"

*001*2023-08-02 01:58

When I got to the car she was in the passenger seat, legs crossed and foot bouncing.

She looked at me, face read as a beet "lets get going before i loose my nerve"

I reached into the back seat and got a towel and handed it to her. "Here put this under that cute little butt of yours, you know, just in case. Then buckled up and we will be off. Let me know when you need... I mean want me to start looking for a place to stop for you to take a potty break.

"Alright, I will sit on it, but just cause you asked me to not cause I going to need it. I wont need to stop and the towel will stay dry cause I can hold it till we get all the way there."

"Don't worry I believe you, I really do. Until then I will sit back and enjoy the show until... I mean if you decide you want a potty break or more than likely, until you pee in your pants."

"That's not going to happen. I really wish i had the nerve to pee myself in front of you, but I haven't done that since I was 8 years old. As exciting as it would be to do it again, there is no way I could do it now that I'm grown up. As much as I would get off you watching me struggle to hold it till I really did have an accident, and as much as you would go nuts watching me do it I would die of embarrassment if I really went through with it. I'm sure I will chicken out before I loose control and piss in my pants. So I will hold pee it as long as my nerve holds out and then tell you to stop so I can take a potty break.

"That's ok, you play your little hold it game as long as you dare. I won't think any less of you if you run to the potty right now or if you hold out as until you wet yourself and I have to wash your pants the towel and maybe even you when we get home. I hear you have a birthday coming up. That means I get to swat that cute little butt of yours 18 times. And if you are a really good girl I might give you and extra special present. On your birthday I can be your nerve and set it up so you can't chicken out and run to the potty. Then you will have to let me watch you pee pee dance till you pee pee in your pants."

"I going to stop here and put gas in the car before we head out. You want get a drink while we are here? This is your last chance for a potty break, are you sure you want to skip it? Oh that's right, sorry, you said you don't need to go" I winked and smiled at her as I said the last part.

"Ah... no thanks, If we hurry I have a chance of... I mean I will make it all the way home with no potty breaks. But if i get a drink there is no way I will be able to hold out that long. So I will pass on the drink and the potty breaks."

"Well I'm thirsty and I'm going to get a coffee, Even if it will keep me awake it will run right through me. So I might have to stop so I don't have an accident. I made it all the way here without stopping to pee, just barely, but I made it. Then Mom gave me a really tight and really long hug when I walked in the door and I almost didn't make it to the toilet."

"Oh wow, I wish I was there. My big grown up babysitter struggling to keep his pants dry. That would have been so hot to watch. Don't worry I won't think any less of you if you have an accident. Who knows, I might even get off on watching your accident as much as your getting off on watching me squirm around trying not to have one myself."

*003*2023-08-10 14:34

"Oh ya. As much as fun as it would be watching you get off, If I can't make it all the way home I will find a place to stop and pee. Even if I have to water the grass on the side of the road."

"Ahh, now you have me all wound up thinking about it. Would you please, please pretty please promise me that you won't stop anywhere that has a bathroom. With that mega-coffee you got I will get to see you pee your pants or I get to watch you piss on the grass. Go on, drink up before your coffee gets cold."

"All right you silly girl. But the only wet pants in this car today will be yours."

"Ahhmm, I hope so. I hope I can go through with it. I really do want to be your little baby girl again but I'm already loosing my nerve cause I don't want you to see me as just a kid. "

"Now remember the same rule applies that we had when you were little. When..... if you have an accident you are not allowed to change yourself, you have to come tell me so I can change you. You realize I made that rule because I knew you were doing it for attention and by cleaning you it gave you just what you were trying for. And I have to admit it I got a little bit of a thrill out of changing a baby girl that was way too old to be having accidents. Knowing you only had them so i would pay attention to her. That made me feel special"

"Your right. Your hands were so kind and genital when you cleaned me and changed me into fresh pants. You were even genital that time I was so mad at mom that I pooped in my panties. Sorry it wasn't fair making you clean up the nasty mess I made cause I was pissed off at mom. It even went in my...... well it went every where. You know it really tickled when when you cleaned me that day. I know to you it was just your job to take care of me but you touch was the only love and affection I ever got."

"I kinda suspected that was the case. That's why I made sure your glass was always full and encouraged you to finish what ever you were doing before taking a potty break. That filled your bladder all the way to the top and mad you do that cute little I'm about pee my pants dance of yours. Just like your doing now. Once you got to that point you had to make a decision. Make a mad dash for the bathroom or wet your pants and have to come tell me so I could change you. Though sometimes I made the choice for you by tickling. That made you loose control every time. Tickle Tickle." As I said tickle, tickle I reached one hand towards her and pretended to tickle her ribs.

"Hay! cut that out. Your not allowed to be distracted while you are driving. Anyway, if I wet my pants I want it to happen naturally. I want it to be a real accident that happens no matter how hard I try to stop it. Not an I just relaxed and let it flow."

*007*2023-08-29 01:45

Been a busy week so this is a short installment.

"Alright, Alright, No more tickles. I will let nature take its course but the result will be the same... or will it? Your fast approaching the point you have to make the decision. But this time you can't make your normal mad dash for the bathroom. You have to tell me to find a spot to stop and then wait however long it takes to get there. The whole time Trying not to wet your pants. So what's it going to be? you going to pee on the grass or in the pants.?"

"Keep driving. I think I can contain this overfilled water balloon it for a little while longer. But but I'm fast approaching my limit. I have to constantly squeeze my sphincter. If I relax it even for a second the pee rushes down my urethra. I haven't leaked yet but that tickle, tickle of yours distracted me and the pee made it right to the edge. Only a few drops came out, and they don't count cause its your fault."

"So It's my fault you have your hands between your legs rubbing up and down. If i didn't know you were using them to hold your pee in I would think your masturbating. Don't get me wrong I am enjoying the show. But I wonder how much is it about you not peeing in your pants and how much is it about you cumming in your pants?"

When she realized I was watching she blushed and pulled her hands away.

"About fifty fifty. Hay, Don't watch, didn't yo mamma teach you it rude to watch a girl when she is doing private things."

