Chib: Scraps

Author: Astraptera

*000*2025-05-28 08:35

Chib Vol 2

Part 1:

3 Days Before the Rendezvous

Pia tried to close the door to the shop quietly, but the doorframe had swelled from the recent rain.

"Here, I'll help," said Lady. She pushed hard on the door and when it closed, the metal wall rattled around it after the loud thunk. Pia winced and glanced through the shop window at the vague red and blue shape within, but there was no movement. She mouthed an apology in Yarrow's general direction anyway.

Pia approached Lady's airship, a looming matte black Andyne airship, oblong-shaped with a flat bottom. It was five-forty in the morning, and in the brilliant sunlight, the doors and the blacked-out windows of Lady's airship only looked like faint shapes in the ship's hull. The entrance sat in the exact middle of the airship, at the top of a set of folding stairs. Pia stepped over the threshold, entering a wide, airy black-tiled terraced hallway, pulling the door shut behind her. Outside, the stairs clattered into place, connected to a button in the bridge controls.

The doors on the first level - one on each side - were closed. Past them, the terraces on either side of the central staircase contained decorative plastic plants. The gardener in Pia scowled at them, and she thought idly about lifting her skirt and "watering" them as she passed; she didn't need to go, but Lady had been grating on her nerves for the past week.

On the second level, the bridge was on the right through an open doorway. The door on the left was closed, and Pia knew from experience that it led to bedrooms and a bathroom.

Lady and Miss May sat in the swiveling chairs at the wide front window, while Avaris lounged on a window seat. When she saw Pia, she patted the seat next to her. As usual, Avaris wore a slightly poofy dress that showed off her figure: today a muted linen khaki dress that complemented the brown of her dappled brown wings under a light jacket. Her makeup was minimal and pristine, and her mint green hair lay on her shoulders in mismatched but neat braids. Pia recognized some of the poofiness of Avaris's skirt as her "protection" and blushed.

"Good morning, Avi," Pia yawned. In contrast to Avaris's put-together appearance, Pia felt sloppy: her dark green hair was still wet from the shower, slicked back in a high ponytail, and she wore one of Saoirse's hoodies over a t-shirt and plain gray skirt.

"Ascending," Lady announced. Pia sat down next to Avaris and found that Avaris even smelled nice.

"Is everything alright, Pia? You're usually early." May said, turning in her seat and lifting the radio headphones from her ears. She was just as perfectly made up as Avaris; May wore her work coveralls as always, but her makeup was immaculate and her dusky blue hair was drawn up into an elegant blue and gold scarf. Like Avaris, May had wings, except May's were dark blue and tan on the ends, and she shifted them differently behind her chair as she moved.

Pia's blush deepened. "Oh um...yeah. There was a bit of a line for the bathroom this morning."

"Oh yeah, your brother is still in town," Lady commented, checking a weather chart on one of the displays. "Didn't I see him at the festival?"

"Cy is my sibling, and they were at the festival, yes," said Pia. She looked at Lady's profile and felt it coming. Unlike May and Avaris, Lady wore casual business clothes: a sleeveless vest, cargo pants with a tool belt, a head scarf emblazoned with her shop's logo, a scallop with a bolt in the middle, and solid, sand-caked boots. Lady, whose official name was "Hilarity Jenkins," was a Grisderm. Her skin was a stony dark gray, with a fine scaly texture and sparse hair. She had a flat face and large, ghostly pale green eyes. Lady owned an airship repair shop called The Tinkering Scallop about two hours north of May's dockyard.

"I'm surprised that skinny gull-winged kid didn't ask to stay with you," said Lady. Pia bit her tongue. It wasn't derogatory. Yet.

"I uh...I would, but we only have my bed and the couch," said Pia, looking to May for help. May already had the radio headphones on, scanning for weather warnings and other broadcasts.

"I can't believe he infringed on Miss Avaris's hospitality for so long," Lady scoffed. "Did he even pay you, Miss Avaris?"

Avaris spoke up: "He did. I told him he didn't need to but he insisted. And I don't see anything wrong with him camping in the shop." Her voice was firm, and she glared at Lady, who was busily piloting the ship. Avaris's eyes met Pia's, and Pia started in her seat. "Lady, may I use your bathroom? Pia can show me where it is."

"Bring back some tea from the kitchen," called Lady while Pia led Avaris out of the room. Not knowing what else to do, Pia opened the door in the breezeway and held it open for Avaris as she passed. She shut it behind them and turned to find Avaris stopped in the hallway.

"Oh um..." Pia stammered. "It's this way-"

"I don't actually need to use the bathroom," Avaris sighed. "She won't let up on Yarrow when Mayra can't hear and I need a break. I didn't know May would have to copilot."

"Well, since we're bringing back tea, at least we know she'll take off the headphones at some point," Pia sighed and continued walking. The kitchen was around the corner, darkly tiled like the breezeway but just as bright and airy with large windows and skylights. "What kind of tea would you like?"

Avaris leaned on the counter and watched Pia busily making tea, filling the kettle, locating the various sweeteners or creamers, and finding lids for the insulated cups. Avaris idly admired Pia's butt and looked over her dark green hair, still damp from her morning shower. It was dry at the ends and had a slight wave to it. Pia seemed to sense that she was being looked at and turned, her striking crimson eyes questioning. She was so pretty, Avaris thought.

'You seem to know your way around this kitchen. Do you go places with Lady often?" Avaris asked. She knew she was blushing but didn't stop smiling.

"A few times a year," said Pia. "And if we're stuck in Shell Bay, Lady lets us stay overnight in this ship behind her shop."

"Are you staying here when you go to the airship expo?" asked Avaris. Behind Pia, the kettle clicked and she poured the water into Avaris's cup, then hers. There was only enough for two cups, so Pia turned and refilled it while Avaris stirred her tea.

"Probably, when they get it on schedule again. Want to see the guest rooms?"

Pia showed Avaris around the kitchen and hallway while they waited for the kettle to boil. There were two small bedrooms and a full Andyne-style bathroom in addition to the kitchen and a few storage closets.

When they returned to the bridge, Pia brought May and Lady their tea. To Avaris's relief, May took her headphones off her ears and swiveled her chair to talk to the others on the bridge. She left them on around her neck, listening for voices in the static.

A long, boring discussion about airship parts ensued between Pia, May, and Lady. Avaris wasn't an airship enthusiast and found herself watching the scenery, sipping her tea. Gold sunlight tinted the coastal prairies below, and Avaris mentally tried to measure the distance to Cloudwater Cove. That was their first stop: since Lady provided the transportation, May had volunteered to buy breakfast pastries and coffee for everybody. Avaris steadily sipped her tea in thought, catching glimpses of the craggy coastline and watching the trees sway in the day's wind. When she stood up to refill her tea, Lady stood too, setting her ship on autopilot.

"It's a straight shot to Cloudwater from here," Lady sighed. "How's everyone doing on tea?"

Somehow, Lady accompanied Avaris down the hallway to the kitchen, bearing both hers and May's cups. Pia hadn't needed a refill but had stood to go with them. Instead, Lady asked Pia to occupy the pilot's chair while she was gone, just in case. Pia gave Avaris an apologetic look from the pilot's seat.

Avaris's strategy would have been to have a "safe" subject ready and keep the conversation away from Lady's crush on her. She didn't end up having to use it.

Lady held the door for Avaris at the breezeway and Avaris paused politely to wait for her. The airship shuddered around them as Avaris took her first step toward the kitchen with Lady. Avaris's balance wavered and she stepped down heavily to right herself. A low, staticky tingle started in the bottom of her feet and she hastily tried to ignore it.

Avaris and Lady paused in the hallway. "Wind turbulence. I should go back up," Lady sighed.

"I can do the refills," Avaris volunteered. The floor hummed, and it accelerated the tingling in Avaris's feet.

Lady gave Avaris the two cups, told her the tea orders, and hurried to the bridge. She didn't have a good grip on it and tried to walk softly to the kitchen.

Avaris set the cups carefully on the counter and padded over to the cupboard for tea and sweeteners. The staticky feeling stayed in her feet. Her landing reflex, an odd Andyne physiological response to hard landings that made their bladders let go, had only partially activated. If she stayed off her feet and walked carefully, the static in her feet would fade away on its own in a few hours. Avaris stepped gently up onto a stool for the sugar, feeling proud that she was confident enough to use a stool with her landing reflex threatening.

There was a noise at the sink and Avaris turned her head. Pia was there, filling the kettle. Avaris jolted, wobbled on the stool, and stepped off. She landed heavily on her feet and her landing reflex kicked in fully. Avaris froze and clenched her kegel muscles, letting the first urge well up in her bladder and ebb away. It wasn't empty, but she didn't need to pee.

"What's wrong, Avi?" Pia asked.

The urge to pee was still lessening, and Avaris half-whispered, "Landing reflex."

"It was activated from that?"

Avaris shook her head. "No. The turbulence earlier."

"Oh no...I'm so sorry," said Pia. When Avaris looked up she saw that Pia was pale.

"You didn't exactly..." the landing reflex let up and she straightened with a long, slow breath. "You didn't cause the turbulence."

Pia's cheeks went patchily red. It nettled Avaris how guilty she looked, and she took a breath to speak.

"I did it. On purpose," said Pia quickly. "So you wouldn't have to be alone with Lady. I didn't think that would be enough to make you um..." The patches in Pia's blush filled in. "Well, you're wearing protection...but you'd want to keep that dry."

Avaris nodded. She hadn't brought a spare because she knew she'd be within reach of a bathroom all day, and she'd been doing well in her holding exercises. Avaris inwardly cursed her past self's confidence.

"My landing reflex is sensitive sometimes." Avaris stepped up onto the stool and retrieved the sugar. Pia waited next to the kettle, looking guilty.

"It's that sensitive?" Pia dropped tea bags into their corresponding cups and waited while Avaris portioned out the sugar with a scoop. "Go heavy on the sugar for May. I try to give her less but she always notices and complains."

Avaris nodded and added an extra scoop of sugar to Mayra's cup. "It usually only happens when I'm stressed out or on certain medications, but it also activates more easily in hot weather. I think it might be something to do with summer footwear but..." Avaris looked down. She wore a pair of prettily woven leather sandals. They matched her dress almost perfectly, even if the thin soles and edges on the leather made them uncomfortable. "I can't just wear tennis shoes." Avaris eyed Pia's scuffed, casual pink and black tennis shoes.

"What if the tennis shoes matched your outfit?" The kettle clicked and Pia picked it up to fill the first two cups.

Avaris took a breath to explain why tennis shoes wouldn't work with dresses and paused while Pia poured the boiling water and turned to refill the kettle. She found that she couldn't think of one, and pictured herself in her favorite dresses with matching tennis shoes. Avaris discussed the possibilities with Pia, and Pia recommended a shoe store in Crystal Cove. They continued talking about it on the way to the bridge with tea. Mayra and Lady joined the conversation, and Avaris and Pia made plans to visit the shoe store Pia recommended. Avaris's landing reflex twinged occasionally, but she easily held it.

_________________________________

I thought of a name! And without randomly banging on a keyboard and selecting the first 4-character sequence I see this time. I'm also writing it slightly differently: in Chib the chapters were written the same way I do short stories, but here I'm going to try to keep chapters to a certain length, and maybe not have people peeing in every single chapter. Maybe but probably not.

*002*2025-06-12 21:02

Part 114

Part 2:

"This had better not be a dream," Cyan yawned, walking down a hallway they recognized. It was a sprawling, empty office building. Cyan worked there. Or used to. Cyan's waking brain chimed in, reminding Cyan that they didn't have an office job.

Cyan hurried down the stairs and emerged into an open, sunny office room with a window looking out onto a lake. A grid of indentations crisscrossed the floor where cubicles had once been. In the far corner of the grid, printer ink had stained the floor in a concentrated black blob. Cyan wanted to go further, but there wasn't time. They stood next to the blob, about to overflow, but stubbornly holding off. Cyan couldn't remember crossing the room. Would the ink spread if wet, they thought.

"But I don't need to go," Cyan told the ink blob firmly. It didn't matter: this wasn't Cyan’s memory. Avaris had been bursting.

Cyan threw back the covers and scrambled to their feet. They rushed to the bathroom, one hand down their shorts. They pulled the door shut behind them, didn't bother turning on the light, and made for the toilet, sitting down heavily.

"Ugh, Avi, why," Cyan groaned, aiming their penis downward and letting out a brief burst. They knew it wasn't Avi's fault and vented their frustration in a forceful sigh through their nose, sweating in the chilly bathroom. Cyan's clothes were dry, but a shower sounded good.

Cyan undressed at the bathroom sink and left their clothes there. Cyan's skin was blue. In the mirror, patches on Cyan's arms and groin were more pigmented and they had noticeable tan lines from their tank top and shorts. Their hair was dark green and had grown out just enough to have a slight wave at the ends. It made Cyan look even more disheveled than they felt. A blue tan crossed Cyan's nose and cheekbones, and their pale violet eyes had a strange metallic quality in the wan morning light.

The hot water felt good, and Cyan was enjoying standing under the shower when someone knocked on the bathroom door. Cyan turned off the shower with some regret and reached for their towel. Still mostly hairless after years in hydrostasis, it hadn't taken them long to wash.

"Come in," Cyan called quietly. It was Pia, up for an early day at work. Saoirse would still be asleep.

The door opened a crack, and Pia came in, looking tired in her nightshirt. She turned on the light over the sink and grabbed her hairbrush.

"Morning, Cy," Pia yawned, hurriedly pulling the brush through her long hair. She was about a head shorter than Cyan, and her hair was the same green.

"Do you need to use the toilet? If you do, I'll stay in here until you're finished," Cyan offered, peeking out of the shower.

"I used the toilet upstairs," replied Pia. "I could hear you in the shower. Is everything okay?"

Cyan nodded. "Yeah. I couldn't sleep."

Pia's face flickered. "I'll try to find you a proper bed in Crystal Cove today," she told them.

"Do you think Avi would let me sleep in her spare bed tonight?" Cyan asked, feeling like they were being shameless despite their sore neck.

"Maybe. I’ll ask her today," said Pia.

Cyan sat on the couch and watched Pia buzz about, leaving the bathroom with wet hair and her toothbrush in her mouth. When she left, leaving her home airship in the early morning silence, Cyan stood up and stretched.

"Lady, that’s enough," Miss May hissed somewhere in the office area of the shop. "Keep your voice down. Yarrow is trying to sleep. He's only here because I thought we were taking the runabout this morning."

"My ship has the extra cargo space, and it's faster." Lady's voice was defiant, but she ceased the casual insults.

Yarrow sat in a camping chair in the front corner of the shop with a thermos of strong coffee, hidden but far enough from the wall that he could freely stretch his wings. Yarrow hadn't expected to find coffee outside the Andyne Homeworld, but Miss May kept a good selection. The beverage was surprisingly popular everywhere Yarrow had visited in western Arridamorte, and coffee shops were almost as common as they were on the homeworld in some cities.

In the cupboard containing the coffee, Yarrow had recognized a specific brand from Gyalp, where he was from in the Homeworld: Jayboy Coffee. On the packaging, a bluejay-winged Andyne boy with curly blue hair smiled cheekily at the viewer. Miss May had saved the packaging from one bag of coffee, flattened it, and taped it to the inside of her coffee cupboard. She'd modified the packaging slightly with a paint marker, and the mascot's eyes were yellow and pupilless. The Jayboy Coffee mascot was taller and had darker hair and eyes than the man Yarrow had sought out in the City of Rain, but it looked uncannily like him. Yarrow smiled tiredly in the cupboard's direction and swirled his coffee. He sipped the strong, bitter brew slowly, listening to the hushed voices in the next room.

Outside, Lady's airship, a matte black Andyne model, hovered behind the shop.

"Lady, you don't have to close-"

The door slammed with a metal squeal, a pause, and a rattling clang.

Yarrow waited. His bladder was full, and he knew the coffee would only add to that, but he could ignore it.

The door to the front of the shop opened, and Yarrow recognized Miss Avaris's footsteps. If she'd gone to the archway and looked through toward the front wall, she might've seen Yarrow in his corner, but she tiptoed to the back door.

Yarrow waited another fifteen minutes. The more he thought about it, the more he wanted to get up, relieve himself, and sleep for another hour or two in the thermal tent. Somebody was missing, though: Pia. Yarrow considered getting up to ask her how Cyan was when she arrived, but the back door opened with a shriek and a bang before he could get up.

From the back door, Lady told Pia that Miss May had forgotten some parts and clattered around on the other side of the wall. Yarrow stayed where he was, hoping he could stay hidden.

When they left, Pia tried to close the door quietly until Lady took over and slammed it shut with an impact that rattled the shop wall. Yarrow caught a brief glimpse of Pia outside, mouthing "sorry" toward the two-person thermal tent he'd slept in. He waited for the ship to ascend and stood up when its shadow left the window.

The bathroom was dirty, but not gross. The floor had been swept of debris the day before, and the wood Yarrow had used to block the window was ajar, letting in a lazy flow of cold morning air. Yarrow's bladder throbbed, and he pushed it to the back of his mind when he saw what was in the sink.

"I had that secured," Yarrow told the twisting bundle of fur in the sink reprovingly. The bundle froze, stared up at Yarrow with big gold-ringed eyes, and abruptly hopped out of the sink to zoom around him, its claws clicking on the tiles. It was one of the throcken kits born in May's shop bathroom that spring, and when Yarrow reached down and caught it mid-zoom, he recognized the blotchy black and white pattern in the kit's fur. Its curly little ringed tail wagged madly, and it tried its hardest to lick his hand while he lifted it. "You should be with your mother," Yarrow sighed. He took the kit outside, telling himself he could wait. In the legal office at Spoons, Yarrow had routinely held it for a day or more without noticing, so another five minutes was nothing.

Instead of shouldering the back door open, Yarrow brought the kit through the front and walked around the shop. The sun was blindingly bright, throwing cold blue shadows and warming Yarrow's face and wings. The kit, who had climbed up his sleeve and contentedly clung to his upper arm, basked too, and Yarrow slowed to prolong the walk before he stepped into the shop's shadow. The medical unit that Cyan had arrived at the dockyard in sat at a low hover near the corner of the building. The kit knew where it was going and happily retreated into the warm unit when Yarrow set it down next to the door flap.

Yarrow stepped into the sun behind the building and stood there, spreading his wings to catch the rays and soak up what heat he could. He’d like a shower, but didn't know if the shop's shower had hot water. Miss Avaris had told him he could use her shower, and he considered it. If he left now, he could use her bathroom too. Or pee in the shower. Or go right here in the open, said the rebellious little voice that sometimes spoke up in his head. Yarrow looked around. A sliver of Ms. Sylls's boatlike Renoige airship was visible past the wall, but there was no movement, and the throcken weren't coming out of their home: it was too early.

Yarrow made his decision. He faced the sun and spread his feet on the ground. The small rebellious part of him whooped in victory. He closed his eyes, pulled down the waistbands of his layers of pants, and relaxed with a long, contented exhalation. The first drip warmed his urethra.

"Yarrow!"

Yarrow jumped, but he was awake enough to recognize the voice. His body chose that moment to let go, and the sudden decrease in pressure made him sigh. The flow whizzed and pattered loudly on the damp earth. If anyone else were approaching Yarrow, he would've panicked, but it was Cyan. Yarrow lowered one wing gingerly to glance over his shoulder and greet them, careful to keep the stream aimed when he turned. He couldn't help but blush when they made eye contact.

Cyan wore their sweater from the Foxfire Festival over a subtly patterned knee-length floral skirt. They waved and joined Yarrow in the sunlight, standing at a respectful distance while Yarrow emptied his bladder. There wasn't much to see: Yarrow was small, and between all of Yarrow's layers - a tank top, undershirt, and a sweater under his Foxfire sweater, a pair of warm sweatpants borrowed from Miss Avaris, and two layers of lighter pajama pants underneath - only the tip of Yarrow's penis was visible, and that was if he pushed out his hips. He inwardly chastised himself for wanting to show off.

"M-m... morning, Yarrow," Cyan yawned, causing Yarrow to yawn too. "I like your hair like that. How'd you sleep?"

"Good morning, Cy. Not bad, but I could use another hour or two...what does my hair look like?" Yarrow tried to remember whether he'd looked at himself in the mirror in the bathroom. He glanced over at the windows and caught his reflection. His black-outlined gull wings (kittiwake would be more accurate, but "gull" was quicker and easier to say) looked fine, and his light gray-blue hair was messy.

"It looks good," Cyan said sleepily.

Yarrow shuffled on the ground with his slipper, staring at his feet. There was a slight incline, and the puddle he made flowed away from him before soaking into the ground. He stopped and let himself drip. "Thanks. Do you need to go?"

Cyan didn't need to pee, so Yarrow led them around the shop to the front door. The hinges were noisy, but it wasn't as loud or jarring as the back door. Inside, the shop was warmer, and the thermal tent was slightly more so. They snuggled up together under the blankets. Cyan's body heat was comforting, and Yarrow could feel himself being pulled down toward sleep immediately. Neither of them were horny, and Cyan's eyes were already closed. Yarrow closed his eyes, feeling cozy.

"Cy?" Yarrow yawned.

"Yeah?"

"How did you sleep last night?"

Cyan stretched lazily. "Not great. This is better."

"Well, when I get-" a wail shattered the silence in the shop. Yarrow sat up.

Cyan sat up, shaky from dozing off. "What's that?" they asked blearily.

"The radio console," said Yarrow. "I should get it. It might be an emergency if someone is calling this early. You stay warm in here, alright?" Yarrow kissed Cyan on the cheek and unzipped the tent. He stepped into his shoes and ran across the floor, hoping it wasn't some life-or-death emergency so early in the morning. Yarrow caught a glimpse of the clock on the radio display, almost tripped, and tore his gaze away to pick up the receiver.

"Is this the Black Iris dockyard?" asked a voice. It was feminine and familiar, but it wasn't Miss May, Pia, or Lady.

Yarrow hastily composed himself. He'd familiarized himself with the phone etiquette in Arridamorte and said quickly. "This is the Black Iris dockyard."

___________________________________________________

Part 2! I'm gonna post a chapter every two weeks, and might post art if I have the motivation to hook up my tablet, and I'd be going for more NSFW than previously if possible. Currently I'm on part 7.

*003*2025-06-25 15:12

Part 115:

Part 3:

When Saoirse opened her eyes, she was alone. In the bed where Pia had slept, Pia had neatly laid out one of her recently worn sweatshirts. Saoirse vaguely remembered Pia kissing her when she'd left earlier: Pia had an early day at work, flying out to Crystal Cove. Saoirse needed to use the bathroom, but not enough to get up. She rolled over to look at the clock - almost half past nine - and went back to sleep, clutching Pia's sweatshirt. It was comforting to smell her.

In the boatlike airship next to the dockyard shop, Rabbiane Sylls, or Rabb, sat reading on her outdoor deck. In the past few days, she'd gone on a shopping trip in Segoe with her cousin Saoirse and Saoirse's partner, Cassiopeia, Pia for short. The town in the valley below the dockyard was called Segoe. Rabb thought the name sounded like a default font in some computer program, but "Segoe" was also what the native Amphibious and Aquatic people referred to their world as. Arridamorte, where she was, was just the largest continent. It was also the most isolated and the only land in the eastern hemisphere. The smaller continents and islands on the other side of the planet had more and better connections for interworld travel. Still, the lonely continent had a good-sized population and thriving import and export businesses.

Rabb had found an entire shop selling coffee in Segoe and bought multiple bags of her favorite brands. She'd gotten up around eight in the morning, and the mug on the arm of her deck chair was her fifth cup. The caffeine had made the post-surgery pain meds for her feet work faster, but her hands were starting to shake, and her book was getting increasingly difficult to focus on. She checked her phone and found she had a text message from her friend and colleague, Millie.

Rabb closed her book and set it on her lap. In the message, Millie told her that the joint university trip to Blue Island was over early. She had a few questions for Rabb, which Rabb spent the next ten minutes answering. Rabb finished a message with, "There's room. Sersh says it's the slow season here."

Rabb sent the message and stood up, stretching. Pressure in her lower belly made her pause and look around. She couldn't see or smell anyone nearby, and the young gull-winged Andyne man camping in the shop hadn't emerged. Rabb would even have an alarm: the shop's back door had jolted her from sleep more than once that morning. She felt bad for the gull-winged kid. Rabb tried to remember his name, but her brain felt a little fuzzy from her pain meds, and all she came up with was "Mallow." As in marshmallow? She could ask later, she decided.

"I need to take my trash out anyway," Rabb sighed to herself, approaching the railing.

Rabb was Renoige, a short-haired orange tabby with random white blotches and bright white eyespots on the backs of her catlike ears. The hair on her head was long and straight, cream-colored, and streaked with orange and white in places, swept up into a lazy ponytail while she lounged in her slouchy clothes. Rabb's tail was long and fluffy, mainly orange and ringed with a patch of white at the end, and it swayed slowly behind her while she squinted around and sniffed the air to triple-check that she was alone. Satisfied, Rabb unbuttoned her pants and let out the coffee she'd drunk through the railing. Rabb could smell two brands of coffee, her medications, and even the little jolt of pleasure when Millie had confirmed her travel plans a few seconds ago in her urine. If she tried harder, she could tell more, but she wasn't up for it. Renoige had especially sharp senses of smell and could learn much about a person from only the scent of their urine.

Rabb sighed and glanced down. Like most Renoige women, she had an enlarged clitoris that mostly acted and functioned like a penis, which she could retract for penetration and could theoretically give birth through, though she didn't ever plan to do that. It was extended today, swollen from holding back her bladder for the last half hour, and her urine was yellower than it should be.

"Why did you have to tell me about that, Digit?" Rabb snorted aloud. Digitalis was her best friend Arthur's partner and a fellow instructor at the City of Rain University. His program was security-based with an athletic component, and he infamously gave his students and friends the "pee color lecture" about hydration. Now, every time Rabb noticed her pee was yellow, she thought of him. "Darn it," Rabb groaned.

When Rabb finished, she picked up her phone.

"I could take the next leg, give you a break," suggested Pia. All four of them had gone into the donut shop. May had bought three dozen, both for emotional support carbs and to have something to snack on later. Pia and Avaris carried the donut boxes while May and Lady took the drink carriers.

May thought it over, stopping at Lady's ship to let Lady and Avaris board. It gave May a few extra seconds to think and stretch her legs. She entered behind Pia, who closed the door behind them.

"I'd like a break, but if you need me to take over, just let me know," said May. "I thought I'd be piloting today, and it feels like I'm not doing much." In the bridge, Lady folded a table from the wall, on which Avaris set a donut box. May recognized the odd stiffness in Avaris's step and frowned. She glanced at Pia, who blushed, knowing what it was, but didn't say anything. May saw her chance to speak with Avaris when Pia couldn't hear them, so she pulled Avaris to the kitchen while Pia and Lady pulled the ship out of the field they'd parked in.

"What is it?" Avaris asked, sipping her iced coffee.

"Pia's..." May glanced over her shoulder, but the ship was already beginning the ascent for the next leg of the trip. She decided not to chance it. "You remember."

Avaris stared, her almond-shaped, coral-pink eyes wide. They widened further, and she said, "Oh! Is it ready today?"

May nodded. "I’m scheduled to pick it up at noon."

Avaris opened her mouth to reply, stopped, and set her drink down. She hid it well, but her wings stiffened behind her. She made eye contact with May and her face flushed. A long moment later, it passed, and Avaris breathed easier. Her body relaxed so subtly that May might not have noticed if she had been distracted or hadn't been watching Avaris's wings. That was one of the few things May missed about the Homeworld: it was always easy to tell how other Andynes were feeling from their wings, which made most Andynes terrible liars if you knew what to look for.

"How long has your landing reflex been misfiring?" asked May.

Avaris casually picked up her coffee and replied, "Since the uh...wind turbulence earlier."

"Oh. Really?" That surprised May. It hadn't been much, just a brief shudder. May hadn't thought Pia could do that on purpose, but she had.

"I think it has something to do with my sandals," sighed Avaris. "It's why Pia and I started talking about shoes."

May nodded and looked at Avaris's shoes. They were nice, if somewhat uncomfortable-looking sandals with hard bottoms. Hard-soled shoes were known to help stimulate the landing reflex, but that was mainly for long-distance flyers, whose extremities went numb in cold conditions and needed that extra kick to activate the reflex after long flights. "Is it always that sensitive?"

"Sometimes."

"Is there anything I can do to help?" May asked on the walk back to the bridge.

"Like what?" asked Avaris. She eyed the bathroom as they passed, and they both stopped before the door to the breezeway. "Is there a trick that flyers use to resolve a landing reflex?"

May shook her head. "Nope. Once it starts, it doesn't stop. All you can do is fill up quickly and hope for the best. Hot drinks with lots of caffeine do it for me. I could make some tea."

"I think I've got it, but thanks for offering," said Avaris.

May almost stayed behind to use the bathroom, but she knew Lady would start harping on Yarrow if she wasn't there. Lady was trying hard to impress Avaris, which May couldn't blame her for, but May didn't like that she was putting down Yarrow to do it. Lady had been a good friend and reliable associate since May had purchased her name from her, and she didn't want to sever their relationship over this, but she would if she had to.

At the dockyard, Rabb couldn't stand to put it off any longer. She'd been staring at her garbage bag for half an hour while she made breakfast and finally decided to take it out. She could invite Saoirse and her blue-skinned roommate to eat with her while she was about: Pia had said she and Ms. Eneko would be in Crystal Cove until at least lunchtime.

Rabb used the nearest stairs to the ground, walking around the corner of the shop toward the incinerator. She wanted to ask Mallow if the dockyard could accommodate her friends, and looked toward the shop. In the windows, she saw only the vague outline of the thermal tent he was camping in. On the breeze, she picked up the distinct scent of morning urine, Mallow's. Her brain translated the smells before she could stop it: sleep, the defining feature of it being "morning" urine; coffee; faint discontent and amusement; and he'd orgasmed recently. Rabb sighed. That sort of TMI was normal for Renoige.

The covered concrete slab where the incinerator sat was chilly in the shade, but it was easier on Rabb's foot than the uneven dirt. Rabb glanced toward the shop windows again, but from that angle, the morning sun glared blindingly off the glass. She turned her head and looked through a window in the shade and met a pair of inky dark eyes attached to a pair of gull wings. Inwardly, Rabb couldn't decide whether to call him "Mallow" or "Gull Boy." Mallow/Gull Boy was speaking into a receiver of the radio console, and Rabb thought he looked surprised. He dazedly raised a hand in greeting while carefully hanging up the receiver. Rabb waved and tried to communicate that she needed to talk to him.

"Come around. Front," Mallow/Gull Boy mouthed, motioning. Rabb nodded and rounded the building, walking carefully on her healing foot but enjoying the warm sun.

Rabb met Mallow/Gull Boy at the shop's front door. He let her in, and she could smell that her cousin's blue-skinned roommate/in-law - also Gull Boy's partner? - was in the building. Both only smelled tired and not amorous, which assuaged Rabb's fear that she was about to walk in on something. Otherwise, Mallow/Gull Boy smelled of excitement, probably whatever he'd been talking on the radio about, coffee, a half-full bladder, and of the blue-skinned one. Cyan, Rabb recalled. Pia's...sibling?

"Ms Sylls," said Mallow/Gull Boy professionally. His typically perfect helmet of blue-gray hair was tousled, and he wore the clothes he'd slept in, but he looked happy, Rabb thought. "What can I help you with?"

"I have some friends asking about coming here. Are you able to take on more guests?" Rabb asked.

Mallow/Gull Boy glanced around the front desk area. "We should be. Have they got an airship?"

Rabb nodded. "They'll rent one somewhere. They should be here by late Monday. Do they need to call you directly or make reservations to book their stay?"

"They can if they like," said Mallow/Gull Boy, brightening. "We only need reservations when we're busy."

"Great. Thanks-" Rabb didn't want to call him Mallow or Gull Boy. She said the first name she thought of that wasn't either of those: "-Daffodil." Rabb bit her tongue guiltily.

"Yarrow," said Yarrow patiently. "No last name."

"Yarrow. Sorry, that just slipped out," said Rabb, mortified. She wasn't good with names on a good day, but since her recent foot surgery, it had gotten worse.

To Rabb's relief, Yarrow didn't seem to mind. He'd overslept and needed to get to work for the day, so Rabb bid him a good day and left, hearing movement from the thermal tent in the larger shop area.

###

Posting Part 3 a day early because I went three weeks without posting instead of two between parts 1 and 2. Also I have an unexpected day off before the long holiday week. There's some art, but that's of a character I'm not introducing for the next 2-3 chapters.

*004*2025-07-10 01:38

Part 116:

Part 4:

Saoirse woke to knocking downstairs.

"Can you get that, Cyan?" Saoirse called toward the stairwell to the lower deck of Pia's ship, sitting up muzzily. The door was closed, so when the knock came again, she repeated it louder.

"They're not here," a familiar voice called through the open window. "Want some breakfast?"

Within sixty seconds of Rabb's question, Saoirse stood at the front door. Saoirse was only half-Renoige, born to Rabb's aunt and a human father, and looked like a human with cat ears and a tail. She was a head shorter than Rabb, who was almost two meters tall. Saoirse's cream-colored hair, cut to jaw-length and messy from sleep, and ears were also reminiscent of Rabb's hair color. Saoirse's fluffy knee-length tail was the same color with faint orange rings, and her eyes had slitted pupils and a green reflective tint to her irises typical of Renoige. She wore a cozy-looking pink sweatshirt with a little pink monster emblazoned on the breast over only her nightshirt and a pair of flip-flops, both of which belonged to Pia. Saoirse also needed to pee, which meant she'd need a pit stop before they left.

"Cyan's at the shop," Rabb informed Saoirse, who blinked at her blearily.

"Oh. That explains why they're not here," yawned Saoirse. "Can you wait here for a minute? Pia didn't get a chance to water the tomatoes this morning." Saoirse sniffed the air. Despite only being half Renoige, Saoirse's sense of smell was somewhat sharper than Rabb's, though Rabb wouldn't admit it to her face.

"Of course," said Rabb. She watched Rabb walk around the ship, down the stairs to the ground, and out of sight. There was a clatter, and Rabb ambled over the boardwalk to the stern, where the water hookup was. She stared at Saoirse, who was patiently filling a watering can. Saoirse looked up and met Rabb's eyes.

"You're not down there to pee?" asked Rabb.

Saoirse snorted, "Well yeah, but the tomatoes need actual watering too. Cyan didn't water theirs either."

"Oh," said Rabb. "Can I help?"

"Thanks, but no. Are you even supposed to be on your feet?" Saoirse turned off the spigot, lifted the watering can, and hauled it toward Pia's tomato planter.

"The doctor only said to 'limit' the time I'm on my feet. I'm fine!" Rabb called after Saoirse, but she knew Saoirse could smell how badly her foot ached. There wasn't a specific scent to pain, but the body's reaction to pain had a consistent, almost predictable scent in most species. Rabb waited on the boardwalk.

Saoirse tipped the watering can over the plants, careful not to douse the leaves. They were already starting to dry out in the sun. Cyan's tomato plant was so big that it pressed up against the ship, and Saoirse mused that soon, one or the other would have to move. Its leaves looked fine and many of the small yellow flowers were producing fruits, some already ripening. Saoirse watered it anyway; the day was supposed to be hot and dry. With that finished. Saoirse set down the watering can, raised her nightshirt, and spread her legs wide over Pia's planter.

Like Rabb, Saoirse possessed a clitoral pseudopenis, but hers was currently retracted, looking like a puffy vulva. She hadn't meant to retract it, but she couldn't help anticipating the Rendezvous on Sunday. Having gone to Spoons University on the Andyne Homeworld for her degree, it wouldn't be her first, but it would be the largest, with two other couples, possibly three if Yarrow and Cyan joined, and Avaris.

Homeworld Andyne culture was extremely compartmentalized: there was etiquette specific to every setting and situation, and as an outsider, Saoirse had found it jarring what was and wasn't considered appropriate in certain situations. There were notable exceptions where the rules were relaxed, like medical facilities, certain family spaces, and a facet specific to Andyne culture called a "Rendezvous." A Rendezvous wasn't inherently sexual, requiring only openness and complete candor, but they usually were.

Saoirse exhaled slowly, felt herself letting go, and squatted. Her morning urine came out in a long, relieving burst, hissing and pouring hotly down one leg. Saoirse tried and failed to shift the flow and let her bladder drain into the dirt next to the planter.

"Should've gone on Cy's tomatoes," Saoirse yawned widely.

"What?" Rabb called. She was downwind of Saoirse, so Saoirse couldn't tell she was padding around the corner until she appeared. Saoirse jumped, pushing on her bladder and making the slowing stream whiz briefly. Rabb only gave her a cursory glance, and her eyes settled on Cyan's overgrown tomato plant. "Do you think Cyan would mind if I took a couple of green tomatoes?"

"You would have to ask them yourself," Saoirse grunted. "And don't give me that 'it's better to ask forgiveness than permission' speech. I'll ask on the way to your ship if you like."

Rabb put her hands on her hips, swishing her tail with amusement while she balanced on her good foot. "Oh, alright. Do you need a shower?"

"I'll rinse off my legs with the hose," said Saoirse. She pushed out the last squirts and sighed deeply. "I do want to change clothes, though."

Saoirse helped Rabb up the stairs to the boardwalk. When they reached the top, Rabb had a pronounced limp.

"You don't even have crutches?" Saoirse asked, standing in Pia's kitchen. Rabb sat in a kitchen chair, reeking of pain. "Or a walking stick?"

"I declined them at the hospital. It smells worse than it is," Rabb insisted. Saoirse frowned at her. "Really."

Saoirse contemplated her older cousin. "Mayra keeps accessibility equipment in the shop. It's required by law here. If it hurts too much, I'll gladly go to the shop and get you a wheelchair." She stared into Rabb's catlike blue eyes, trying to will her to say, "Yes, please, Saoirse. And you can have as much bacon as you like with breakfast." She got the first part and didn't mind not getting the second.

The morning was lovely, Saoirse thought, strolling over the raised grid of walkways. It was warm, the sun was bright, and a brisk breeze carried faint smells from the coast. The walk to the shop was quick, and when she walked in, she smelled coffee.

"Miss Fogel?" Saoirse recognized the formality before she recognized the voice. She met Yarrow's eyes. "Or would you prefer Miss Saoirse?" he said tentatively. He sat at a desk near the radio console with a mug of coffee, sorting through a pile of papers.

"Saoirse, please. No honorifics or last names," Saoirse replied, not unkindly. "How'd you sleep, Yarrow?"

Cyan awakened gradually to soft voices. They recognized both, and opened their eyes, unsure of where they were for a second. Cyan lay in a tent on a semi-inflatable sleeping pad. It was long enough for Cyan to stretch out on, and they did that while listening to the voices.

"You eat them...green?" Yarrow's voice asked.

"It's a recipe our moms used to make at the family restaurant. If Cy says yes, I'll make extra for you two."

Cyan's stomach growled at the mention of food, and Yarrow and Saoirse paused their conversation. Footsteps hurried across the shop floor.

The tent flap unzipped from the outside and Yarrow peered in. "Cyan?"

Somehow, Cyan found themself standing in the front "office" area of the shop, talking to Saoirse, who held a folding wheelchair for some reason.

"You can eat them like that?" Cyan yawned. "I pee on that plant. Are you sure?"

Saoirse shrugged. She wore one of Pia's pink hoodies, and her knee-length tail swished behind her. "I think everyone here has at some point, Cy. Nobody's peed directly on the tomatoes, and Rabby and I were raised in a restaurant. We know how to wash produce."

Cyan shrugged. "If you want them, take as many as you need. How do you cook them?" That was how Cyan got themself and Yarrow invited to breakfast with Saoirse and Rabb at ten-thirty in the morning.

Avaris felt the urge building up and leaned as unobtrusively as possible on her knee to brace herself. Mayra noticed and placed a reassuring hand on Avaris's shoulder. She squeezed gently while Avaris clenched up. Avaris didn't press her legs together and tightened her kegel muscles. Knowing there were two bathrooms on Lady's ship and a protective garment under her clothes only made the warm pressure more agonizing. It would feel so good to release, either running for the bathroom or...It was as good a time as any for the "maiden voyage" of her new protective garment. This wasn't the first time she'd worn one of her new medical-grade foam protective garments out, but between her kegel exercises and Azri's treatments, she'd kept this particular one dry.

Avaris sat up in her seat and met May's eyes apologetically. May gave her a reassuring look, and for a split second, she looked like-

"We're here," Lady announced. Avaris's urge to pee receded suddenly, leaving her oddly frustrated. She realized that her bladder, while fairly full, wasn't full enough to resolve the reflex.

Lady handed the controls to Pia, who dropped Lady and May off in the manufacturing sector of the city while Pia parked the ship at the docks on the waterfront. Crystal Cove had a large combination dock, used for both boats and airships. A long wharf connected to the docks, both serving local fishing businesses and tourists. Standing in line at the dock kiosk with Pia, Avaris glimpsed a carnival on a pier in the distance, complete with a rollercoaster and Ferris wheel. Avaris opened her mouth to ask Pia about it, but Pia was already stepping forward: it was their turn. When Pia finished at the kiosk, she handed Avaris a day pass for the Crystal Cove tram system.

It was only ten-thirty in the morning and the station was nearly empty when they sat on the benches to wait.

"How are you feeling, Avi?" Pia asked, concerned.

"I'm alright. Where are we going first?" Avaris tried to sound cheerful. A low tingle in her legs and feet threatened, and she ignored it, sitting as still as possible.

Pia told Avaris she needed a bed for Cyan. Avaris seized upon the task, eager to ignore the landing reflex as long as possible. They stopped at a city resource kiosk while discussing what Pia would need in a bed.

There was a shoe store between their location and the nearest store that sold beds. Pia stopped outside it, and so did Avaris.

"What's up, Pia?"

"You said you needed shoes," said Pia. “This is the shop I told you about.”

Their visit to the shoe store went quicker than Avaris had anticipated. Pia insisted on paying, and Avaris walked out in the most comfortable pair of shoes she'd ever worn. They didn't match her current dress, but the soft soles insulated the landing reflex, and Avaris almost had a skip in her step on the way out the door.

"I was thinking of setting up an area in the front window, by the navigation console," said Pia. "Yarrow assures me he'll have an extra room soon, but I don't know if Cy will want to stay with him."

"If we don't find anything-" Pia grabbed Avaris's arm and wrenched her sideways while something passed close enough behind her that something caught and yanked on a flight feather. The first jolt of pain made Avaris release her bladder, and she didn't notice until Pia had her pinned against the wall of a closed restaurant, angrily shouting after-...Avaris only saw a colorful shape swerving around a corner ahead.

"Wh-" Avaris finally felt the bloom of warmth in her crotch and heard the whooshing flow. She didn't dare look down to see how the "protective" was faring, but she didn't feel any drips or heaviness. "What was that?" Avaris half-moaned.

"An airship," Pia sniffed angrily. "They're not even supposed to be at ground level on the roads...you're bleeding!"

The landing reflex kicked in and Avaris sagged, her flow sounding like a nearby stream as it increased. Pia was still holding her arm and caught her. Pia noticed the sound of running water, looked at Avaris's face, and blushed, glancing around. They were alone.

"And..." Pia adjusted her grip on Avaris, but didn’t recoil. "Did your landing reflex um...stop?"

"No," Avaris sighed and shook her head. Despite that, she seemed to pee forever, which she found embarrassing but Pia didn't seem to mind.

"How bad is the feather?" asked Avaris. It hurt, but she could tell it wasn't bleeding heavily.

"Not pulled out," said Pia, wincing. Avaris's stomach sank, but her bladder wasn't full anymore, so there was room for it. Avaris braved a glance and saw that the feather was twisted and bloody. "There's a nurse's station around the corner. Let me know when you're ready."

_____________________________________________________

Posting a day early again because I stayed home sick today. I'm working on a new art setup, and learned what a "capacitive" stylus is. It puts the brakes on my evil plans for NSFW art for now, but I'm telling myself I'll practice a lot more when I don't have to stop and restart the computer every time I want to draw. I still have my sketchbook and might practice in that while I wait. Otherwise, I did say I made new art. I sketched the "new" character, who doesn't appear properly until Chapter 7. I couldn't find my original sketches, so I drew a new one. I got impatient and colored it when sketchy, hence the mess that is the wings.

*006*2025-07-10 23:05

{{4 hours ago, orangelion said:

I secretly hope they never get resolved as i am enjoying it.

}}

I have some plans for Avaris and landing reflexes. 😉 Also more Andyne characters, and flashbacks with her visiting the WS facility and Pia experiencing landing reflexes.

*008*2025-07-11 19:43

{{43 minutes ago, orangelion said:

Why would Pia experience landing reflexes?

}}

I've alluded to it before; I was supposed to get to it properly in the first volume but it's kind of gotten away from me. I'll get to it though! 🙂 It has to do with Avaris, her inability to fly, and how she knows Pia. They were going to that to Del first, but she got away.

*010*2025-07-12 02:54

{{5 hours ago, orangelion said:

OK. Either I missed it or I have forgotten about it.

}}

I wasn't very up-front with it if I included it. I might've also put some of the things in my earlier/tied-in short stories on Literotica. She had a landing reflex on her last day at the catering company - Foxfire Catering. I originally meant to write that as a short story or include it around the time I introduced Bun and Montip. In it, Pia doesn't know that what she has is a landing reflex, which can last for months untreated. That one was eventually resolved in "Cassiopeia Gets A Job" if I remember correctly.

*012*2025-07-24 08:03

Part 117:

Part 5:

22 Years Ago, World Sleepers Facility

Clay handed Alvin an egg timer shaped like a cake. Alvin didn't think it was appropriate for the occasion, but he couldn't keep his useless flip phone and they couldn't risk using the radio.

"Are you sure you want t-..." Alvin started, but Clay held up a hand.

"We've discussed this, Alvin," Clay said patiently. Clay was the older and taller of the two men. Both men were Haman, with pointed ears, but they looked very different. Clay was in his late seventies - the equivalent of a Human in their fifties - and short, his magenta hair fading to gray and balding. He dealt with it by coming his hair over and growing a mustache, and it made him look distinguished when he wore his lab coat. Clay was thin and slightly built, which made Alvin look even shorter and wider next to him. Alvin was a bit shorter and much stockier than Clay, muscular and slightly chubby. Alvin was newly clean-shaven and bald with bright blue eyes; when he had hair, it was medium brown and spiky, but he'd shaved it off for tonight. His hair had been rolled up in a set of his work clothes, which Clay assured him would serve as his "remains" if it came to that.

"I'll be careful. Make sure Kiki doesn't jostle my plants," said Clay. The air between them seemed to sing with tension. "I know she'll be careful with the hydro unit, at least." Clay held up another egg timer, his shaped like a complicated chicken.

Alvin and Clay synced their silly egg timers and separated.

Current Day

May and Lady entered their first shop together, on the lookout for a long list of fasteners and airship fixtures. It took over an hour, but they found everything they'd set out to find and split afterward: Lady needed pipes and plumbing fixtures, and May had a different errand.

The fabric shop was a short tram ride away. On the way, May noticed a commotion and a plume of smoke near the wharf, but before she could get a good look, the tram decelerated into the station tunnel. When she stepped out onto the walkway, her destination was less than a block away: a clean little shop marked with a sign reading "FABRIC THREAD ALTERATIONS," underlined with a smaller phrase: "Inquire Within." May was almost half an hour early.

The shop, whose name May struggled to remember, was dim and quiet, with a front sitting area. It was eerily like walking into a doctor's office. A young Amphibious secretary in a uniform robe waved from the front desk.

"Miss Eneko," said the clerk.

"Mx Somchai," said May, nodding politely. "I'm just checking in. I know I'm early-"

Mx Somchai stood up, smiling professionally. "Oh no, your order is finished. We had a canceled order this morning, so Miss Ebonie was able to finish it." Mx Somchai approached a door behind the counter and peeked through. "Miss Ebonie?" A voice within replied with a question. "Miss Eneko's here. You asked me to inform you." Mx Somchai nodded and walked back toward the desk, turning to May. "She'll be right out. She's scanning out your order, and she wants to talk to you about it."

May knew the scanning process would take about five minutes, so she glanced around the front desk. The Sunday Paper lay on the sitting room table, folded to an article showing a local business engulfed in smoke. She picked it up.

"The Mad Robot Strikes Again," May read the headline aloud.

Mx Somchai snorted. "I think it's a sales gimmick or something. He never steals anything; he hit the burger joint up the street last week during a dinner theater performance," They started typing on their computer. "The patrons got some good pictures." They turned their monitor for May and she leaned over the counter to look. It pressed into her bladder, reminding her for the umpteenth time this morning that she'd neglected to use the bathroom before she'd left, but she didn't mind. A photo taken on a cell phone and credited to someone named "Nyssa J." showed the "robot," an Andyne with familiarly striped wren wings, making finger guns at the lady standing at a counter.

The article finished loading and scrolled down. Before Mx Somchai could scroll back up, they and May read the text next to it: "The culprit in the dinner theater performance was a friend of the restaurant owners, donning a copycat outfit for her role." There was more, but the article scrolled again and May recognized a snippet of jaunty music from a cleaning product ad.

"Oh. I didn't hear about that," said Mx Somchai. Their blush looked like a shadow in their jade-green skin.

"I didn't know he did dinner theater," May snorted, remembering where she'd seen those wings.

"Who?" Mx Somchai asked.

The door opened behind a counter. If May had stood further back, she wouldn't have seen the figure who stepped through, carrying a box nearly half their size, but she was at the counter and greeted Miss Ebonie.

"Miss Eneko," said Ebonie, motioning to May. Ebonie had designated step stools placed along the counter for interacting with customers, and May met her at one such spot. Ebonie was Amphibious and hobbit-sized. She wore sensible stain-proof brown overalls, kept her hair bound up and protected in a Grisderm-style headscarf, and her clear amber eyes stood out against her cool gray skin. Miss Ebonie's eyes had an odd ruby-colored reflectivity similar to those of Renoige eyes, and she reminded May as much of her nephew as the object she'd come to pick up.

Miss Ebonie opened the box and brought out a gleaming white rectangle of fabric. It wasn't as bad as May had thought: everything was still there except the color. The underlying oranges and yellows in the fabric showed faintly.

"We found we had some of the same fabric patterns and recreated what we could." Miss Ebonie had a deep voice and a pleasant rolling accent. "The needlework on the original is beautiful. I tried my best to recreate it." She pulled out another blanket, light pink surrounded with patches of brightly-patterned fabrics. The thread spelling out "Cassiopeia" was light blue.

Everything was blue when Del stepped outside, hitching her duffel bag onto her hip.

"There you are," said a voice in the shadows. "You're thirty seconds early." A figure retreated across the grass and Del strode forward to join him. The shadow was too short and wide to be anybody but Alvin. "Althea is with Dr. Moss at the jetty."

"Already?" Del hissed.

"She and Clay are sending one of the uh..." Del couldn't see Alvin's face in the gloom, but she could feel how uneasy he was. "You know, the chib tube people. Clay helped her move their unit to the jetty with his plants. Can you help me with those after you do your…uh...kits? Dr. Moss might've moved it already, so you probably won't have to."

Del gulped. "Yeah. I can do that." She'd been packing and repacking her things and psyching herself up for hours, drinking as much water as possible to fill her bladder and then throwing most of it up out of nerves. Althea had been busy all day, and Del hadn't seen her.

Del was just over two meters tall, towering over Alvin as they passed the facility's darkened windows, and had feathered wings, colored like a peacock's with blue closer to her body and tan ends. The tan stood out in the darkness, and Del hunched her wings against her back. Del's clothes were dark: not her working clothes, but one of the sets of sweatshirts and sweatpants she'd packed before leaving the family compound on the Andyne Homeworld. Del's hair, shoulder-length and dusky blue, was up in a high bun, keeping it out of her face in case she needed to throw up again.

"The weather is perfect," Alvin whispered, glancing at the hospital wing tower on the lake. The susurration of wind on the water's surface only increased Del's anxiety.

"Can you tell me what Clay is doing yet?" asked Del. Their path curved around a hill into the trees, away from the water. On the other side of the lake, a wading bird shrieked. Del was surprised that it didn't faze her, but Alvin jumped. He had to stop for a moment to steady himself.

Del stopped and placed a hand on Alvin's shoulder. He was shaking. He hadn't stopped when they moved on; Del knew what Alvin was nervous about, and that he wouldn't relax until he saw Clay again.

"Not yet. I'll tell you on the ship," Alvin said shakily.

When they reached the sheltered stony beach, Dr. Moss's airship hovered by the old stone jetty. Althea stood on the jetty, conversing quietly with Dr. Moss. In the gathering evening, the two were shadows.

"There you are," Althea whispered. "How long until Clay gets here?"

Alvin took a deep breath. "Sixty seconds."

In the dark, Althea turned to Del. "Keyana says that you can do your reproductive kit and the urine sample any time in the next four days."

Del hugged Althea. In the dark, Del couldn't see what she looked like. Althea was curvy and comfortingly squishy to hug.

"It's probably better if you wait until we’re at the hospital," said Dr. Moss. "There's no hurry."

Del and Althea waited for Clay to join them before retreating for the tree line. "Is it that obvious that I'm nervous," Del asked Althea while the shorter woman lit their path with a small flashlight.

Althea shone the flashlight in Del's direction at ground level. "Now that I can see your face, yes. I can't blame you. Alvin told me you'd been throwing up."

Del couldn't deny it, but knowing she didn't need to do anything immediately allowed her to relax. When she did, she found that she needed to pee after all.

"Would you like some help?" Althea asked.

"I'll be okay on my own," said Del. "The trip to the coast is going to be close quarters, so I'd like to do some stretching before we leave."

Althea agreed and left to double-check the ship with Dr Moss while Del approached a sheltered area by the dirt cliff. She stretched her wings behind her while she pulled aside her waistband, and thought she could hear footsteps.

“Del-“

There was a loud pop, and Del's entire sense of hearing was suddenly fuzzy. Del felt a shockwave through the ground. Gravel and rocks from the cliff jumped and skittered soundlessly to Del's feet. Del didn't notice that she'd let go of her bladder until the warmth on her toes made her look down. Her dick was shrunken from nerves, and she'd been pissing straight down onto her shoes. A hand lit lightly on her arm while she was aiming, and she jumped, whirling around and briefly spraying Alvin. Alvin jumped back, mouthing, "Sorry!"

Dazed, Del stared at Alvin, who pointed toward the World Sleepers facility and mimed an explosion. Alvin's voice faded slowly into Del's hearing as his mouth moved.

"I came over to tell you to cover your ears," said Alvin while Del half-read his lips. "Do you mind if I be?"

"Be what?" Del could barely hear her own voice, and hoped she wasn't yelling.

"Be," Alvin enunciated. Del didn't understand until he gestured to his crotch.

"Oh." Del tried for a half-whisper. "Pee. Go ahead." She nodded. Alvin faced the cliff next to her. It threw his front into shadow so she could only see vague movement and she couldn't hear him yet, but he gave a long, silent sigh of relief that Del felt in her bones. Del left when she finished to rinse her shoes in the lake, and then it was time to go.

______________________________________________

Back to Del. I've been trying to get to that part for ages. For all the challenges of writing this way, I like that it doesn't feel as much like writing a chain of short stories. It's not making the story go faster but it's allowing me to insert more plot. I'm trying very hard to accumulate some artistic motivation for drawing, and every time I just kind of play with the software and close it. Oh, and titular character mentioned. Not quite by name.

Update: I did sketches in my sketchbook to work off of and tried some different softwares this afternoon. I'll need to work on the sizing and stuff, but I think I found a program I like.

Update 2: Deleted the sketch and part of the description because spoilers. I don't think anyone would actually care about spoilers on a fic like this, but I can always upload the sketches when I introduce the character.

*013*2025-08-07 06:50

Part 118:

Part 6:

"We've always just called it 'salad.' It's more like a relish," said Saoirse, measuring out spices and chopping herbs while a pan of oil heated on the stove, "You're supposed to serve it chilled, and it's better after a few days in the fridge."

"How is it with some spice?" Yarrow asked. He stood over a large pot of water, waiting for it to come to a boil.

Saoirse shrugged. "Spicy?"

Cyan and Rabb sat at the kitchen table, washing the green tomatoes while the food Rabb had made for breakfast stayed warm in the oven. Cyan had said yes to Saoirse's request for green tomatoes, and they and Yarrow helped her fill two buckets, one of which Rabb carried on her lap while Saoirse pushed her across the boardwalk in a wheelchair.

"Sersh," Rabb called to Saoirse from the table. "Everyone is hungry. Let's set aside the salad for now and eat."

"There's not enough for everyone," said Saoirse."Is it not why we're making salad? To go with it?" Saoirse looked down at everything she'd been preparing, remembering what she'd just told Yarrow. The salad would take at least thirty minutes to chill after they finished making it. "Oh."

Rabb stood up. "I'll make garlic pancakes and bacon. It'll be like brunch."

Saoirse sniffed the air and gave Rabb a stern look. "I'll make them. You need to stay off your feet."

"I'm fine," Rabb protested. "It's mixing batter, not running a marathon."

Saoirse sniffed and twitched an ear at Rabb. "You're on vacation, Rabby. And I invited people over for breakfast without asking." From the table, Cyan gave Yarrow a guilty look. "And I apologize, Cy, Yarrow. I should've thought about how long the salad takes to make. Are you guys okay with garlic pancakes and bacon?"

Cyan didn't seem to know what garlic pancakes were, so Yarrow explained it to them with some assistance from Rabb. Yarrow liked Renoige food, and the thought of restaurant-style garlic pancakes made his stomach growl.

Rabb resumed her seat, and they ate continuously for the next hour. Saoirse made stacks of garlic pancakes and ate while she cooked. When Rabb finished her food, she stood and shuffled away from the table. Yarrow noticed she was going for the door leading out onto the deck.

"Where are you going?" Saoirse sighed, deftly flipping a thin, crepe-like pancake in the frying pan.

"I'm just going to pee off the deck," said Rabb. "BRB."

"Wait a sec. I'll go with you to make sure you don't fall and die. Just let me finish this pancake," said Saoirse.

Yarrow blushed and exchanged a look with Cyan, who squirmed: they'd had two large glasses of water with their food, and unlike Yarrow, they weren't trying to hide their discomfort.

"I need to go too," said Cyan. "What about you, Yarrow? We could go with her."

"But why do we need to go outside?" asked Yarrow. He checked himself and found that he could use a pee. He cursed himself internally for drinking so much coffee.

Saoirse answered: "Her bathroom smells like puke, and she won't use it if she can help it."

Yarrow accompanied Rabb and Cyan outside. Now that Yarrow knew he needed to go, he began having trouble holding it. He made sure Rabb made it to the railing and turned, knowing how red his face was. He screened himself with his wing and heard Rabb grunt next to him. Cyan tactfully placed themself between Yarrow and Rabb and unselfconsciously raised their skirt, letting out a long breath.

"There's no need to be shy, Yarrow," said Rabb. "I won't stare."

"It's not that." Yarrow hadn't been self-conscious about his penis, but he was now: he knew of different species' anatomy from classes in school, and he was most likely smaller than what Rabb had. He felt himself overflowing and parted his layers of clothing. He still wore the clothes he slept in and felt a pang of guilt, even though he knew that Miss Eneko wouldn't care.

"Ah. The sense of smell, then?" yawned Rabb.

Yarrow nodded. Despite how badly he needed to pee, all he could manage was a drip.

"If it makes you feel any better, you're downwind of me," said Rabb.

"Does that mean you can't smell us?" asked Cyan. Yarrow dared a glance over his wing at them. Cyan had both hands on the railing and let their penis dangle half-hard between the bars, shooting a thin blue arch toward the ground. Butterflies exploded in Yarrow's stomach, and Yarrow hid behind his wing again, blushing furiously.

Rabb hesitated before answering, "No...I can still smell you, just not as well."

"Can you tell anything about me?" asked Cyan.

"You smell...human. Mostly, anyway," Rabb said slowly. "You tried some coffee this morning, the stuff with the mascot who looks like Digit."

Yarrow froze at the name.

"Digit?" Cyan asked.

"A mutual friend of Sersh and I. His name's Digitalis. He looks a lot like the Jay Boy Coffee mascot," Rabb explained, flustered. "If all goes as planned, he'll be here by Tuesday. He's also my best friend's boyfriend."

Yarrow's mind raced. Was that why she'd asked him about inviting more guests to the dockyard? He let his wings drop into their normal resting position. There wasn't much to expose with his shirt hanging down.

Rabb smelled the punch of emotion in Yarrow's scent. She'd been frantically trying to think of a way to sidestep telling Cyan anything else and seized upon the opportunity to change the subject.

"You okay, Yarrow?" Rabb asked tentatively. She was finished emptying her bladder and adjusted her clothing. The young Andyne man, who'd been so uptight a few seconds ago, had let his wings sag. His pants were open, but his shirt was long enough to cover everything, which Rabb was thankful for.

"I'm okay," Yarrow gulped, blotchily red and white across his face. Rabb could smell that he had a nervous erection, and watching Cyan pee wasn't helping. Cyan watched them placidly, still sending a blue-tinted stream into the open air behind Rabb's airship. Rabb had never seen blue urine before and stared for a long moment.

"You can smell which brand of coffee they tried?" Yarrow asked. His hands dropped to his crotch, and he buttoned up discreetly under his shirt with a look of resignation, much to Rabb's relief. "What else can you smell?"

Rabb felt a brief flash of annoyance. She thought she'd successfully evaded the subject. "Are you sure you want to know?'

It was Cyan who answered. Their stream was slowing, and Rabb could only smell relief on them, not arousal. "Yeah."

Rabb's face was hot under her fur, but that didn't cover everything. The pink skin showing through the fur on her ears reddened. Rabb took a deep breath. "Alright. You smell human; you smell a lot like Pia, because you live with her; you spent the last few hours sleeping in the thermal tent with Yarrow; you two had sex..." Rabb paused and sniffed the air. "Less than twenty-four hours ago, but more than twelve hours ago. And you're well-hydrated from all that water. Other than that, your scent is new to me. Most of my experience with humans is with my friend Digitalis, and he's only half."

Yarrow frowned at the name. Rabb had mentioned it deliberately. Yarrow had been ready for it this time, but he couldn't hide his scent. If Arthur were here, this would be where he stepped in and asked questions. Arthur was nosy like that, and it made Rabb smirk to know she missed that about her best friend.

The pain in Rabb's foot had reached a dim throb, and she wanted to sit down more than she wanted to prod Yarrow for information.

"I'm going back inside. You can use the bathroom if it's more comfortable for you, Yarrow," said Rabb. "There's nothing wrong with it; the vomit smell is faint, even for me and Sersh."

Yarrow gave her a professional nod. "Thank you, Ms. Sylls. I'll keep that in mind."

Rabb moved at a low and deceptively quick shuffle toward the door to the kitchen. Yarrow rushed over and helped her down the stairs.

"Have fun, you two," Rabb said over her shoulder, watching Yarrow blush brightly under his blue-gray hair. Embarrassment bloomed in his scent, and Rabb cut it off by closing the door. She waved merrily to Yarrow through the window, smirking with the schadenfreude. Satisfied with her petty vengeance for changing the subject - it was so easy to make him blush - Rabb joined Saoirse at the kitchen sink.

Cyan stretched their back, leaning on the railing. They weren't doing their regular "treatment" on Avaris's scar until later. Azri was no longer visiting early every morning, so Cyan didn't have to worry about her popping around the corner and commenting on the color and clarity of their or Yarrow's pee.

"You're still going," said Yarrow.

"I didn't know I had to go this much," Cyan replied sheepishly. Their dick was shrinking in the cool breeze, maintaining a slow but persistent stream that blew back at them. "Watch out, Yarrow."

Yarrow leaned on the railing and let the droplets hit his clothes. "I'm fine. I need to get dressed by about..." Yarrow checked his wrist. He wasn't wearing a watch. "They'll be here at three."

"Who?" asked Cyan. They felt like they should know.

"Nilbog Amphibious Airship," said Yarrow. The flush in his face was more from excitement than embarrassment now.

"They're bringing it today?" Cyan blushed. The memory filtered back: Yarrow had told them in the tent. Conscious that they were dripping, Cyan dropped their skirt and hugged Yarrow. Since they weren't wearing underwear, their urine pattered on the deck. "Where are we gonna put it?"

Yarrow hugged back, and Cyan felt something hard under Yarrow's clothes. It explained some things, but not everything. "I don't know yet. I have a list of possible sites, but I thought I had time to ask Miss. E..." Yarrow paused. "-Miss May about it. She told me I'd need an adapter for one of the hookups."

Cyan pulled back a bit and looked into Yarrow's face. His eyes looked black at first glance, but in the sunlight, Cyan could see they were deep purple. "Why is it ready so early?"

"I asked them to paint it a different color scheme than they were going to use," Yarrow said, mesmerized. The hardness against Cyan's thigh twitched. "They had all the paint on hand and didn't have to order it."

"Ooh, what color did you get?" Cyan pressed their thigh against Yarrow.

"Just slightly lighter shades," puffed Yarrow. His wings stiffened. "It's more efficient." Cyan grinned at him. "No, it is. I'll show you. It'll be in the paperwork."

Cyan let one hand slide down Yarrow's lower back, letting their fingers trace along the outline of his preen gland on the way to his buttock. Yarrow shivered. "Is there anything else you'd like to show me?" asked Cyan.

"I..." Yarrow twisted to glance at the window into the kitchen. "I don't know. We can try, but I'm supposed to be working."

"If we stand on the other side of the ship, they won't see us from the window," Cyan suggested. "We can survey the available sites while we're up there."

Yarrow gulped. "You mean facing the dockyard? What if someone sees us?"

Cyan stepped closer to Yarrow. "Do any of the sites around here stand out to you?" Cyan squinted around and identified a few promising airship spots with what they felt was a strange amount of confidence while they worked their hands into Yarrow's layers of clothing.

"I've got something standing out for you," Yarrow said shakily, raising his shirt for Cyan. He alternated between giving Cyan a goofy smile and frantic glances around the dockyard. Cyan maneuvered the layers of waistbands down in front and grasped Yarrow's cock. Small moans escaped Yarrow's throat while Cyan gently handled him, exploring the head and foreskin. Yarrow's penis was significantly smaller than Cyan's, with a short foreskin. His urethra was on the underside, just beneath where the head met the shaft. Wetness leaked from it, and Cyan used it to lubricate their fingers.

Cyan stroked for a long time. Yarrow produced ample fluid, but after a few minutes, nothing else had happened. Yarrow stopped Cyan when it became uncomfortable.

Yarrow took a deep, shuddering breath. He looked stricken, but Cyan couldn't think of why. "I'm sorry. I think I'm too nervous. What about you?"

"I'm still uh...satiated after last night," Cyan said slowly. "Would you like to pick this up later?"

"You don't mind that I couldn't...?" Yarrow gulped. He couldn't finish the sentence.

Cyan shrugged. "It's because you're on the clock?" Yarrow nodded, embarrassed but relieved.

"And we might be seen by anyone walking around the dockyard," Yarrow said shyly. The dockyard was still empty. "It's the slow season, but that doesn't mean we won't have visitors."

"What about having to pee?" asked Cyan.

Yarrow pulled up his waistband and dropped his shirt. "I still need to go, but I can't pee like this. I'll have to wait it out."

Before they went inside, Cyan located the garden hose on the deck and rinsed the decking off where they'd dripped.

__________________________________

For some reason the font translated from Word. I'm not complaining though: it kept the indenting! (update: no, the font is back to normal when submitted for some reason? Cool!)

I'm making some progress with the new drawing software, but I want to get some practice in before I get ambitious. The software is just different enough to really throw me off sometimes.

*014*2025-08-22 06:31

Part 119

Part 7:

"We'll need to pull it," said the nurse, a young Amphibious man who looked sleep-deprived. Avaris winced. "We use a localized numbing agent. I'll get your info to the doc on duty."

The nurse left, closing the door to the small exam room.

"You should sit," said Pia. Since it was a hot day, the nurse's station had a cooler full of free water in the waiting room. Pia had grabbed two on the way to the exam room with Avaris and sat in a chair in the corner. Avaris watched Pia twist the lid off her bottle and take a drink.

Avaris lowered herself into the exam chair, gingerly holding her wing up. Blood had stopped dripping before they entered the clinic, but it would probably start bleeding again if she carelessly brushed it on something. Avaris's butt crinkled on the paper. She expected to feel a squish in her "protective," either lukewarm or cold, but the foam was warm and only slightly damp against her vulva.

"How's the landing reflex?" Pia asked quietly.

Avaris shrugged. "It's not that bad. I should probably start drinking water, though."

The water was cool and refreshing, and Avaris drank half of it in two gulps. When Avaris looked up, she noticed Pia looking at a magazine rack on the back of the door. It contained one badly folded copy of a local newspaper, a small selection of rock gardening magazines, and an issue of the Interworld Lens titled: "Humans. Where Did They Come From? Where Did They Go?" Something seemed to catch Pia's eye because she stood up and selected the local newspaper.

"Anything interesting?" Avaris asked, sitting back.

Pia sat, reading from the paper. "The Mad Robot is still around, and it looks like they're doing dinner theater now."

Avaris craned to look at the headline. "The Mad Robot?"

"I think it's a small group of performance artists," said Pia. She shifted in her seat, pressing her thighs together and crossing her ankles. "They show up at businesses, announce that they're the Mad Robot, set off a smoke bomb, and run away. They don't steal anything, and there are at least two people." Pia turned over the paper and showed Avaris the photo: the "Mad Robot" was a tall, chubby Andyne with dark red wings. They struck a distinctly un-robot-like pose, appearing to blow a kiss to the viewer. Avaris thought something seemed off about their wings and opened her mouth to say so as a knock came at the exam room door. It was the doctor.

The doctor who entered was a middle-aged Andyne man with dark gray wings. Two broken white stripes dotted his flight feathers. He had a dark tan, close-cut black hair, and a round open face that Pia thought looked familiar, but she couldn't place him.

The doctor introduced himself as Dr. Sativus. He calmly talked to the two women while he prepared the numbing agent. Pia couldn't watch him touching the bloodied feather and looked through ads for airship parts instead. Occasionally, Pia got lucky, and a specialty store would have adapters, parts, or fixtures that fit her airship. One ad was promising until Pia located the paper's date. It was two weeks old.

"My wife and I went on vacation to the City of Bats," Sativus said conversationally to Avaris. "Today is my first day back." Pia hadn't been paying attention to their conversation, and when she looked up, she remembered why: Dr. Sativus had applied the numbing agent, and he was preparing a pair of narrow pliers. Pia's stomach dropped, seeming to bounce unpleasantly on her straining bladder.

It dawned on Pia that a bathroom break would be an appropriate and acceptable reason not to watch what Dr. Sativus was about to do, but it was too late. Pia looked up to tell Avaris she was going to the bathroom as Dr. Sativus gripped the bloody stump with the medical pliers and yanked with a brief but nauseating fleshy noise. Pia couldn't tell whether she wanted to throw up or wet herself, and crossed her legs harder.

"How did this happen, if you don't mind my asking?" asked Dr. Sativus, dropping the feather and a bloody wad of gauze into a disposal bag.

"Someone almost ran us over with a small airship," said Avaris. "Pia pulled me out of the way, but my feather caught on something."

Dr. Sativus sucked air through his teeth. "Quick and nasty. Ouch. That can't be street-legal. Talk to the receptionist on your way out. We're required to file a report on the incident and injury. Any details you remember might help."

The restrooms called to Pia when she led Avaris to the waiting area, but Pia was the only one who'd seen the ship. It had been roughly the size of a large minivan and brightly colored, painted with flowers or something. Some hardware stuck off the side, and that was what had caught Avaris's feather. Pia thought it looked like a traveling florist stall and said so in the report.

They caught a tram to the docks. Pia knew how draining an unresolved landing reflex could be, and because it had been Pia's fault, she didn't try to walk faster to the station. Pia's abdomen felt like an overinflated tire, and Avaris had asked her several times if she wanted to stop and find a bathroom, but Pia declined each time. Pia would wait until they returned to the ship to use the bathroom.

Pia's heart leapt in anticipation when she saw the towering dock structure from the tram. The gentle downward slope to the coast bounced Pia's bladder unpleasantly, but she could see Lady's airship. As she stood in line for the kiosk, Pia felt confident. She could make it to the bathroom on Lady's ship, she told herself firmly.

The lift to the upper levels was at ground level as they approached. Pia watched numbly from about twenty meters away as the doors to the semi-enclosed lift slid shut and began moving upward. Someone above had pressed the lift button. Pia's feet stopped. This was just like her last day at…

"No," Pia groaned under her breath. Everything had been riding on her boarding that lift. Her urethra was beginning to loosen, both from strain and anticipation, and Pia pressed her legs together harder. It couldn’t happen again.

Pia felt a hand on her shoulder and looked sideways into Avaris's coral-pink eyes. "Pia, come with me. Please?" she asked.

"The kiosk doesn't allow customers to use its bathroom," Pia moaned, thinking she was about to suggest that.

"Not that," said Avaris, half-mumbling. "I know a place."

Pia wanted to say no and try the stairs, but followed Avaris. The first level of the dock contained several sheds and enclosed storage areas, and Pia was surprised to find Avaris leading her toward a fenced area near the outer corner. Pia had seen these fenced-off areas at other air docks, and they looked like someone had transplanted part of a school sports field onto the docks.

The fenced-off area that Avaris led Pia into was quiet and empty, and the track lines on the ground led to the edge of the dock. They stopped at the dock railing next to an opening where a wide jetty extended out into the water. Pia knew what to do: she set the bags down, rushed over to the water, and hiked up her skirt. Avaris leaned against the railing and idly watched Pia squatting and letting out a controlled arc over the water.

"What is this place?" Pia asked, sighing with relief while her whizzing stream echoed and splashed off the water.

"Landing area," puffed Avaris. "For people with wings."

As if confirming what Avaris said, a figure glided around the corner of the docks, slowing their descent by angling their mismatched wings and touching down at a jog. The person's path brought them to the same sheltered stretch of railing as Pia and Avaris. Mere meters away, the person yanked open the crotch flap of their flight suit, spread their legs, and rested heavily on the railing with a groan and a blast of neon yellow piss. Pia looked away when she realized she could see the stranger's penis.

The stranger's long, light pink hair hung loose in their face, obscuring it while they hunched forward, panting, and their flow rapidly wound down. The person wore a plain gray flight suit that looked uncomfortably tight, and the breeze carried the smell of their sweat. They were a bit tall and chubby for an Andyne, but their most striking feature was their wings. One wing was faded tan, gray, and dusty orange. The other was bright red. The feathers were dry and slightly tattered-looking, shaking slightly as the person panted, letting themself drip.

Pia shifted her position to compensate for the falling pressure in her bladder, and her foot slipped. She gasped as she fell back but caught herself, and Avaris reached down to steady her shoulder. The sound made their neighbor jump.

"Sorry about that," said Avaris. She’d interposed herself between Pia and the stranger, raising a wing in case she needed to screen Pia from the stranger's view.

The stranger raised their head over their sagging wings and stared at Pia and Avaris dumbly, their eyes flicking from Pia's face to her vulva to her lack of wings, then Avaris. The stranger pulled their wings in protectively and averted their eyes.

"Sorry. I didn't know there'd be people here," the stranger said quickly. They had a deep voice, and in the brief flash of eye contact, Pia had noticed an androgynous face, wide lilac eyes, and a large pair of breasts in the flight suit.

"I'm the one who brought my friend here. I used to fly myself, so I knew this place was here, and it was an emergency," said Avaris to the stranger, sidling between them and Pia.

"What happened to your wing?" Pia couldn't see the stranger's face, but they seemed surprised.

Avaris told the stranger what happened, and Pia finished emptying her bladder after what felt like a brief eternity. She stood up, letting the last drips run down her legs while she dropped her skirt.

"-and this is Pia," said Avaris, letting her wing relax now that Pia had finished.

The stranger chuckled. "A little on the nose in the circumstances," they said, their face as pink as their hair. "It's nice to meet you both. I'm Nis." Nis didn't move to touch palms - Pia didn't mind, given what they'd both been doing - and excused themself, heading for a strip of public lockers on the edge of the landing area. Pia led the way to the lift.

When they returned to Lady's ship, Avaris lay back on a couch in the combination bridge-slash-living room while Pia made them tea.

"Weren't you going to wash your protection?" asked Pia, sitting in the seat by the radio. The clock on the display read 11:37.

Avaris shook her head. "The foam still feels dry. If I pee in them again, I'll wash them, but I'm okay for now."

"Alright. If you need anything, please ask. Thanks for making me go to the landing area, by the way," said Pia. "I wouldn't have made it to the ship."

"And you're not wearing anything under that skirt," Avaris yawned. Her face turned pink, but she couldn't seem to muster the energy to be embarrassed.

Pia nodded sheepishly. If she'd lost control on the stairs, it would've been too much like her last day at the Foxfire Catering Company.

"How did you make that turbulence earlier?" Avaris had noticed the change in Pia's face and tactfully switched to another subject. "Or...do it?"

The radio console chimed in the middle of Pia's explanation. The call came from Rabb's airship, but Yarrow's voice was on the line. He had questions about certain docking sites in the dockyard.

"I need to know by three," Yarrow said nervously.

"We should be there by then," Pia replied. "If we're not, did you see where Lady parked her airship this morning?"

After the call, Pia made more tea. They had an hour until they needed to leave to pick up May and Lady.

____________________________________________

I almost forgot I was supposed to post today! The pic is extremely rough sketches of Nis/Nyssa that I tried to do in the new drawing software. Nis is a genderfluid futanari, likes to curse, and can be somewhat bullheaded and oblivious. Nis is a he in this chapter, and in the sketches here I tried to draw more femme poses. I'm attempting a sketch from this chapter, but have some reading to do because I got ambitious and decided to draw a background too. If I can figure it out, I'll post it between chapters if I finish it.

&&

*015*2025-09-04 05:40

Part 120

Part 8:

May left the shop feeling apprehensive. Mx Somchai and Miss Ebonie had followed her out the door to look at the thinning smoke in the distance: the "Mad Robot" had struck again.

"I heard that it was a robot made to operate rides at the boardwalk," said Miss Ebonie, allowing Mx Somchai to pick her up for a better view.

"I've seen the photos," said Mx Somchai. "It's a person. They have wings."

"Robots can have wings," Miss Ebonie replied. There wasn't much to see at that distance, so they went inside, wishing May a good day. She reached the meeting point about fifteen minutes early, a grove of willow trees on the outskirts of the business district. There was a tea shop with a view of the grove where May could wait, get something to drink, and possibly use the bathroom. The recent rain had made the ponds and willows in the field especially lush, and while May looked at the greenery, a matte black dot hovered soundlessly out of the sky.

May stopped on the sidewalk. "You're early," she said aloud. Pia set the airship down in a large grassy area on the edge of a pond. Nowhere closer was large enough for Lady's airship, but May didn't mind. She was both grateful that Pia was early and apprehensive. May had been putting it off for years, and it was today. May took the longest footpath she could see toward the ship, her heart racing with every step.

"I'll write you through Dr. Moss," said Althea, hugging Del. Clay gave Del a handshake, not knowing her very well, and hugged Alvin for much longer. Del retreated into the cramped airship before Clay and Alvin parted.

Dr. Moss's airship was a small vessel used for camping and capable of underwater navigation, consisting of a combined bridge and kitchenette, where the crates of plants and hydrostasis units were stored, and a sleeping/sitting area with a couch and two berth beds. The bathroom was tiny, off the little hallway from the door to the outside, and Del would have to fold her wings in to use it. She hoped she wouldn't have to.

Del heard the door to the outside latch, and Alvin sat on the couch next to Del. Alvin's eyes were red, and he pulled the duffel bag into his lap, clutching it. Del felt the ship sinking and drew closer to her friend.

"Alright, you two," said Dr. Moss. "I don't normally have guests on my ship - not ones outside a hydro tube, anyway - so before we start moving, I have some ground rules."

Dr. Keyana Moss was a middle-aged Amphibious woman, short and slight, with blue-green skin and dark green hair in a short pixie cut. She was dressed casually in jeans and a t-shirt bearing the words "City Of Stone University."

"I need you both to keep quiet while I navigate the waterways toward the coast." Dr. Moss outlined safety procedures and instructed them to only speak to her in the next three hours if there was an emergency. Del and Alvin huddled under blankets and silently played card games for the next hour.

May followed a winding path through the hanging curtains of willow fronds, around a large pond, and past two smaller ponds. The first she passed under was shadowy and cool, and she thought it might be a good place to empty her bladder. It would delay her by at least a minute. She slowed her pace to do that and stopped when she heard a voice. She might not have listened, but the voice sounded distressed.

"We'll just have to find another route," said a second voice. May padded forward and peeped through the fronds. A small airship painted with colorful crystals hovered in the tall grass. The side of the airship folded out into a covered area, usable as either a camping tent or a market stall. Two figures sat underneath, both Andyne. The sun was brilliant in the space between the tree and the small airship, and all May could make out was their outlines. "I'll take a look on the way home from work this weekend...What was that?" Both figures turned toward May.

"This is private property, Ma'am," said the second voice loudly. May pulled aside the fronds and shaded her eyes. The two Andynes were washing something in a tub of water.

May squinted, and one of the figures stepped into the sun. He was in his mid-twenties, shirtless with honey-brown skin and straight shoulder-length dark brown hair, and his wings were brown with subtle stripes dotted across the feathers. "Tulip?"

The dark-haired young man paused. "Miss..." He squinted. May's bladder throbbed. If she couldn't duck into the willow fronds to relieve herself, she could ask to use the bathroom in Tulip's house, she thought. "Miss Eneko," said Tulip. Behind him, his friend sat up, partially obscured by the yellow light in the tent. She wore a full-body garment with the top tied around her waist. On top, she wore either a light-colored bikini top or that was her bra. May couldn't tell what color her hair was, but it sat in a high ponytail, and one of her wings was darker than the other.

"Are you still flying for the Fast Flyers?" asked May. Tulip nodded.

"Is this a client?" asked Tulip's friend slowly. Her voice was deep and somewhat ambiguous, and May resisted the urge to do a double take. Tulip's friend had been the first voice, the one sounding distressed.

"Yeah. The one who used to be a flight instructor," said Tulip.

"Oh," Tulip's friend sniffed and resumed washing something in the tub.

"You sell crystals too?" asked May.

"My friend and I do, yes," said Tulip, flustered.

"We've got lots of rocks. Want to buy one?” Tulip's friend chimed in, rinsing a crystal and not looking up. Crystal Cove was known for its natural mineral deposits. Many of the vendors at tourist spots sold mined crystal specimens and cut gems. Sellers prospecting in the hills needed an expensive license. May was surprised that Tulip would have one, but he and his friend seemed to have found more than enough specimens to make up for the cost.

"Miss Eneko, this is my friend Nyssa-"

"Nis," corrected Nis, dropping the brush. Nis stood up and started walking.

"This is my friend Nis. Where are you going?" Tulip asked, turning to Nis.

"Changing out of this suit. I'll fix the stuck zipper while I'm at it; no wonder that skinny little twink pissed himself in it," said Nis, stepping out from under the tent fabric. Nis's hair was pink, and his wings were a mismatched red and brown. They were beautiful in coloration but in dire need of a preen. May also spotted as Nis walked away that he didn't have a preen gland. Nis headed toward the back of a light blue house hidden in the thick summer vegetation.

"He's…um…having a bad day," said Tulip apologetically. "Nis is usually the social butterfly between the two of us. Want to look at our mineral specimens?" he asked lamely. "We've found some good quartzes lately."

"I was just here to pee under the willow trees before I go back...Is that part of your property?" May tittered, embarrassed. "If it is, I can make it to the bathroom where I'm going. I'm just procrastinating."

Tulip shrugged. "I have no idea. I only said that because I was startled. Mind if I join you?" He let May leave her bags on the folding chairs while they stepped under the willow tree, facing slightly different directions; it wasn't the first time they'd peed together, but they didn't know each other very well.

May unzipped her work coveralls and started almost before her cock escaped her underwear, taking a moment to get the stream under control. To May's left, Tulip stood with his legs spread, pulling one side of his athletic shorts up. His wings shivered, and he let go with a grunt. The ambient sounds of the ponds around them seemed to get louder, and it reminded May of the Nilbog Amphibious Airship hangar flooding.

"Ms. Eneko?" said Tulip tentatively. "Do you still teach flight lessons?"

May's mind blanked. "I um...Not for a long time. Why? You fly for work, don't you?"

"Yeah. It's for Nis. The closest person who'll teach him lives east of Constantia."

"There aren't other flight instructors?" May asked. "Or is it because he's uh..." May suddenly wasn't sure.

"He's what?" Tulip asked sharply.

May felt a cold little pit in her stomach, and her dick shrank a bit in her hand. "Part-human?"

There was a pause. When Tulip spoke, he didn't sound angry. "You could tell?"

"He doesn't have a preen gland," said May. "Which...isn't proof of anything, but all the part-humans I've known don't have them." She thought of Avaris and someone else. Her stomach had been relaxing, but it clenched back up, this time in regret.

"The instructors we've talked to think that because Nis isn't full Andyne, they-...he can't use his wings," Tulip sighed. He finished abruptly and stood air-drying. "But he can, and he insists on practicing. If you could maybe..." Tulip twisted over his shoulder. "Oh wow, you're still going."

May snorted. "I've been putting it off. Have you got an airship?"

Tulip sagged. "Yes, but Nis wants to fly."

"No, I meant to get to my dockyard," May sighed. "It's the slow season. I'm not a licensed instructor here, but I can give your friend some basic safety pointers and help him formulate a safe practice routine."

"How much?" asked Tulip.

May made eye contact with Tulip over her wing. "How much wha-...oh. I'm not charging you anything for basic safety," she scoffed. "Maybe bring food for everyone?"

"Done," said Tulip breathlessly. "Do you mind if I come to the lessons too? I don't usually get to fly with people who can keep up with me outside work."

After May finished and zipped up, she exchanged information with Tulip and retrieved her bags. Tulip rushed excitedly toward the house to tell Nis, and May headed toward Lady's airship.

May approached the ship, feeling good. Pia saw and recognized her right away, and the door sprang open. May took a deep breath and entered the airship.

Pia and Avaris greeted May in the kitchen, drinking tea. Pia stood at the counter, and Avaris sat at the kitchen table, looking tired.

"You're early," said May. She'd deposited all but one of her purchases from Crystal Cove in the cargo hold. She put the plain bag Miss Ebonie had given her on the counter while she washed her hands in the kitchen sink. "And I didn't see anything downstairs. You didn't find a bed?"

"We had an…incident," said Pia. May noticed the bandage on Avaris's wing. "And Yarrow called. He says we might get some new guests on Monday, and Nilbog Amphibious Airship is bringing his new ship to the dockyard today by three."

"Incident? What happened to your wing?" asked May.

Pia and Avaris took turns describing what had happened. There wasn't much to recount, so it was brief. While they talked, Avaris eyed the package that May had brought to the kitchen and gave May a questioning look when May caught her looking.

"How was your shopping?" asked Pia, starting the kettle to refill Avaris's tea and make May a cup. "Did you find those fuses you wanted?"

"I found everything I really needed," said May. She turned and pulled the plain box out of her bag. "And I have something for you." She handed Pia the box and exchanged an anxious glance with Avaris.

The radio on the bridge blared, signaling an incoming call. Pia set down the box and ran to answer it. Behind May, the kettle clicked. May poured fresh cups of tea for herself and Avaris.

"How's the landing reflex?" May asked, sitting down at the table with Avaris.

"Not resolved yet," yawned Avaris. "I'd rather not talk about it."

"Lady's back," Pia called into the kitchen doorway. "I'm gonna go open the cargo hold for her."

May rested her head on her hand and sighed, watching the door Pia had disappeared through.

"We'll get it to her," said Avaris, nudging May's arm. Avaris's hand was cold and clammy, but May didn't recoil. "Did the shop get the rust stains out?"

__________________________

I didn't forget this time! My work weeks recently shifted, so I'm not off Thursdays anymore and it's easier forget. I restarted the art I'm working on, but I'll get it on here eventually. My new program will be practice only until I get the hang of it, and the practice will almost certainly be nudibranchs.

*017*2025-09-06 02:26

Good ideas. :3 I have many plans.

*018*2025-09-18 07:01

Part 121

Part 9

Lady loaded a pallet stacked with hover modules into the cargo hold.

"It's probably why she brought her ship," said Pia, sipping her tea. "We're stopping in Crossroad for another pallet of stuff."

"I thought so," said May. Her amber eyes fell on the box on the counter. Avaris couldn't take it anymore.

"Pia, you should open the box," said Avaris.

Pia blinked at Avaris and picked up the box. "What's in it?" She didn't wait for a reply and eased the lid off. In the sunlight from the kitchen skylight, Avaris could see a faint outline of the rust stains when Pia lifted the first blanket. The second, reconstructed by Miss Ebony, looked new, and the bleached-out patterns from the first were bright.

"Did you make these, Miss May?" asked Pia.

May told Pia where the blanket was from and what she and Avaris had been doing. Avaris knew most of what May told Pia, but one or two names were new. Avaris didn't have time to think about it before her landing reflex kicked in. She stiffened in her chair and clenched her kegel muscles. May placed a supportive hand over Avaris's, not pausing her conversation with Pia. Avaris was sure Pia could tell she was trying not to wet herself, but appreciated May's effort.

The urge eased, and Avaris breathed easier. Her stomach and bladder both felt full from drinking tea, but the latter was still nowhere near full enough.

"I'll tell you more over lunch if you like," said May. "Takeout from Hyachna's Shins at my place? I'll buy." Avaris couldn't tell how much Pia knew, but Pia accepted May's lunch offer. They extended it to Avaris.

"I'd love to, but I think I'll need a nap after today," said Avaris as Lady entered.

The airship left the business district of Crystal Cove and headed north to Crossroads. The town had a large scrapyard, where Lady would pick up another pallet of airship components. Lady and May discussed rare airship parts and began planning their trip to the Airship Expo.

"They finally set a date," Lady said. "Crystal Cove, same place, same time, except two weeks from tomorrow."

"I thought they were going to cancel it," said May, the radio's headphones down at her neck.

Avaris drifted in and out of the conversation, watching the scenery pass below. Lady had been outraged to hear about what happened to Avaris's flight feather, and Pia assured her that she and Avaris had filed a report at the medical station.

"I think it was one of those dumb touristy crystal sellers," Pia sniffed. She was letting Avaris lean on her. Avaris nodded along sleepily, having just finished her fifth cup of tea, and despite the caffeine, she could feel herself dozing off.

Avaris eased her Limpet down to the rocky beach. Unlike Saoirse before her, Avaris had thought about how she would enter the abandoned World Sleepers Facility. She'd bought a small inflatable boat and spent a weekend in Redwater Falls with Sinni, learning to use it on the Great Inner Lake.

The jetty stones were uneven, and Avaris tried not to stumble. Before she knew it, the raft was inflated and ready. She floated on the water, bobbing on the waves and paddling against the wind, aware that she had to pee. Avaris knew on some level that this was another memory: once Avaris reached the crumbling dock, she would trip, scrape her knee, and piss herself. Avaris tried to focus her mind as the crumbling dock drifted closer. Part of her wanted it, but it wasn't time yet. She forced herself to wake up.

With momentous effort, Avaris sat up, clenched, and rode out another urge to pee. She was well past the point where she'd casually use a bathroom, but she needed to be ready to burst to resolve the reflex. Pia squeezed her shoulder. As the reflex waned, Avaris noticed the ship was descending.

"We're at Crossroads," Pia informed Avaris quietly. At the radio and pilot consoles, Lady expressed skepticism to May about using "flux capacitors," whatever those were, in older Amphibious airship models.

May accompanied Lady to the office when they arrived at the scrapyard with a list of airship parts the two hadn't found in Crystal Cove.

Pia knew that the scrapyard had some Limpet parts, and Avaris wanted to stretch her legs, so they set off through the scrapyard.

Dirt paths led through the piles of airship parts, forming a web that spiraled out from the office. Boatlike skeletons marked the Renoige section of the dockyard closest, and beyond it lay the abstract shapes of Haman ships. In the distance, three large Andyne ships sat in varying stages of deconstruction, visible above the organized chaos of the scrapyard.

The Haman section was by far the largest, and it didn't take Avaris and Pia long to get lost. Some airships were whole but worn, and one was almost new, except for a jagged hole in the side exposing both floors. Somewhere unseen, a rhythmic mechanical pounding shook the ground. The breezes kicked up dust, and the smells of decay, metal, vegetation, and the various airship-related fluids permeated the air, tickling Avaris's nose.

"We should go back," said Avaris. "I don't want to start coughing or sneezing out here. I think I'm..." She paused when Pia turned to look at her. "I'm ready." The embarrassment warmed her cheeks through the exhaustion and anticipation.

"We're almost there," said Pia. "Is there anything you need for your Limpet? I could look for you and catch up with you on the way back."

Avaris shook her head. "Thanks, but I don't need any parts or anything. I'm just trying to stay awake." Even if the reflex didn't resolve, Avaris looked forward to sleep.

"Do you need anything else? Water? Wipes?" Pia glanced around at a fork in the path. Avaris didn't know which direction to take, and neither did Pia.

The medication and kegel exercises Avaris had been taking were helping: she was shocked that she could stand upright and walk without leaking. "Directions, maybe?" She laughed, carefully not putting pressure on her bladder.

"That would be nice," said Pia, blushing. The dusty path was packed and didn't take footprints, and Avaris recognized both paths. They'd looped around during their walk, though, so Avaris recognized most of their surroundings.

The low static began in Avaris's feet. She looked around and found a small trail. She'd eyed it when they'd first passed, thinking it looked like a nice private spot. Avaris retreated down the trail, trying not to stagger.

"Where are you-...is it time?" Pia asked, hurrying after Avaris.

Avaris gasped, "Yeah." Knowing relief was so close only made her more desperate. She only needed to hold it until the reflex took over, and it would soon. The path led to a small clearing shaded by overgrown avaris trees growing in the basin between two hills. The trees shaded the area, growing up through the skeleton of an old airship. Avaris wanted to sit or lean on something, but there wasn't time. She shuffled into the middle of the clearing, raising her skirt with one hand and pulling aside her protective with the other. She relaxed, letting the urge take hold.

"There you are," said Lady's voice. Avaris jumped and promptly flooded the ground with an inelegant grunt. "Oh." Lady stopped and stood next to Pia, staring. "Just a sec." She turned and sprinted up the path.

"Is it working?" Pia asked, leaning close enough to catch stray droplets until the flow steadied into a narrow, pressurized stream arcing over the dampened dirt.

Avaris nodded and moaned, "Yeah."

Lady returned as Pia stepped back, waving shyly. Avaris waved back. "What do you need, Lady?" she breathed.

"Should I leave until you're...eh...finished?" Lady's eyes were wide. "Or may I stay?"

"If you don't badmouth Yarrow, you can stay," said Avaris.

Lady smiled. "It's that important to you? Are you and he..." She paused. "Rendezvous friends? Or a couple?" Avaris wanted to laugh but didn't want to be rude to Lady, and her overstretched abdominal muscles hurt too much for it anyway.

It was Pia who spoke up, snorting. "Lady, Yarrow's gay."

"Is he?" asked Lady.

Pia hesitated. "Well...he's not into women, anyway. He's with Cyan," said Pia. Avaris relaxed and let her take over the conversation. Lady looked questioningly at her. "Cyan's my sibling." That was how Pia had been explaining Cyan's arrival. Avaris thought she sounded convincing, but Avaris had never had siblings either.

"You have a sibling?" Lady seemed mesmerized by Avaris's steady stream. Avaris was too exhausted to be embarrassed, and she liked Lady, aside from how she frequently ragged on Yarrow.

"The blue kid?" Pia replied, "You met them at the Foxfire festival?"

"Oh, that tall one," said Lady. "Sorry. I'm not good with names."

Avaris's urine slowed to an abrupt stop. She dropped her skirt before pulling the protective discreetly back into place underneath.

"Gee whiz! Literally," Lady laughed breathlessly to Avaris. "You must feel better after that. I have a favor to ask-"

"You can watch again if you're nice to Yarrow," sighed Avaris, trying not to yawn.

Lady brightened. "I will certainly take you up on that, but that's not why I followed you here. I wanted to ask if you could return to the ship and tell May to meet me in the Renoige sector. There's a component she's been looking for since last fall in one of the scrapped vessels. Tell her to bring her toolkit."

Lady winked at Avaris from the ground as Pia piloted the scrapyard's hover raft away, but she made no other sign that she'd just watched Avaris drain her bladder on the ground. Avaris leaned against the railing, shifted slightly into what she thought was a stealthy pose, and released into the protective. The flow whizzed and splashed, hot against her groin until the foam protective wicked it away.

"I didn't think you'd finished yet," Pia commented. "Are you double-voiding like Azri tells everyone to?"

"That, and...stage fright, I guess? Lady was really um..."

Pia blushed but smiled. "She was into it. Are you okay with it?" Lady's ship was a black oblong on the edge of the scrapyard.

Avaris nodded. "Yeah. I don't know if she'll do anything about it, but maybe she'll let up on Yarrow."

Pia helped Avaris down from the raft, and they approached Lady's ship. She could tell that Avaris felt much better; she gave relieved little moans when she thought Pia wasn't listening. She stopped in front of the door after Pia stepped up.

"Need help?" The step wasn't high, but Pia held out a hand.

Avaris bent her knees, stretched her wings, and let out a jet of pee into the protective while making eye contact with Pia. The relaxed smile on her face made Pia's heart flutter.

Pia relayed Lady's message to May while Avaris went into the bathroom.

"Did she uh..." May asked outside the ship. She stopped, collected herself, and took on an almost professional tone from her flight instructor days. "Did she resolve her landing reflex?"

Pia nodded, feeling her face heat up. "Heads up, Lady was there. She might mention it. Sorry about that."

May left, and Pia helped Avaris put the foam from her "protective" in the wash. Despite how much Avaris had let out into it, the material didn't sag or drip in the washer before Pia turned it on. A quick rinse and spin cycle left the foam feeling dry and light. It only took fifteen minutes, and once Avaris had put it back on, Pia directed her to one of the guest bedrooms, where she slept for the next two and a half hours.

_______________________________

I didn't think it would happen this way, but it did. I attached the map; the fonts are all different from my old software, which means I'll have to do some major modifications on the map. The partial-opacity blue is underground passage and cavities used by Amphibious and Aquatic inhabitants of the continent. "Sietches" in Arridamorte are mostly or fully underwater settlements, whereas "weems" have significant areas of the habitat that aren't submerged.

&&

*019*2025-09-27 07:01

It's the Chapter 7 pic! Only a month late and I titled it "ch8." Whoops.

UPDATE: Added a revised file. Thank you to Orange Clippy for their help with suggestions and encouragement!

&&

*021*2025-09-27 09:31

Thanks!

*022*2025-10-02 17:20

Part 122

Part 10

"Three oinkers wearing pants, plate of hot air, basket of Grandma's breakfast, and change the bull to a gill, got it," said Bellis, scribbling on the notepad. "Spice level?" Hyachna's Shins managed their spice level by stars: four for Miss Eneko, one for Pia, and two for a third order. Bellis ran through the order again to confirm.

Miss Eneko thanked Bellis, and they ended the call. Bellis slid off the tall stool at the front counter and brought the order to the kitchen.

Bellis was short and squat, with sleek, feathered blackbird wings and chest-length gold-brown hair in a loose ponytail. He wore his dishwashing apron around his waist over his new heather gray restaurant apron.

In the kitchen, a young Andyne woman with brown striped wren wings worked the grill while a young Grisderm woman cut vegetables. Their names were Erythronium, Eryth for short and no last name in the Andyne fashion, and Crina Dalca. They wore the same new heather gray aprons as Bellis, and Eryth took the order when Bellis held it out.

"Cree, Eryth, have either of you seen Helly?" said Bellis.

"She just pulled in," said Crina. She stood facing the back window, which looked out onto the courtyard between the restaurant and Bellis and Helly's home. The window was too high for Bellis to look through without a step ladder, so he crossed to the kitchen door. Their airship, an old pill-shaped Andyne runabout, hovered over the square of pavement. He caught movement at the back door.

"Have either of you seen Ish yet?" Bellis asked the other two.

"He's clocking in now," said Eryth. "Is he on the front?"

Bellis smiled. "Unless either of you want to be."

"Pass," Eryth and Crina chorused.

Bellis hung up his aprons and greeted Ish on his way out of the restaurant to meet Helly.

In one of the spare bedrooms of Lady’s airship, Avaris sat on the bed. Despite the all-black vessel being Hotblack Desiato's dream airship, the sheets and furnishings in the bedrooms were multicolored and mismatched. The sheets Avaris had slept on were pink with an intricate chintzy Andyne tulip pattern. The pillowcase was pastel green with a pink and yellow cartoon bear printed on the fabric. The pleasant dimness of the room muted the colors. Avaris lay back and closed her eyes.

"What happened to her hair?" Avaris knew the voice: young, female, and distressed. It hurt Avaris. It was her ex-best friend, Aalis. Avaris could tell she was dreaming, but she didn’t stop the memory from playing out.

"Miss, please-" said Dr. Tock softly. "I'm not telling you to leave, you just need to wa-"

Aalis snapped, "Let. Me. See. Her."

Avaris opened her eyes. "Aalis?" The room was bright, and a shadow stood over her.

"It’s Pia," corrected the shadow. Avaris's brain shifted into wakefulness, and her eyes acclimated to the brightened room. It was Pia. "We're here. May and Lady are taking your things into the shop."

Pia walked Avaris out of Lady's ship to the shop. Yarrow was on the radio when they entered.

"Miss Avaris," said Yarrow, concerned. May had told him about the incident in Crystal Cove, and Yarrow's eyes found the bandage. "How is your wing?"

"It's starting to get sore," sighed Avaris. "The doctor at the medical station gave me some pain meds for that, though."

Outside, Lady's ship preceded May's runabout into the air. Avaris caught the flash of alarm in Yarrow's eyes when he noticed May leaving. So did Pia.

"If your airship gets here before May, I can help you," said Pia. "Have you and Cy had lunch?"

Yarrow looked around, probably for Cyan, and didn't see them. "We ate with Miss...with Saoirse and Rabb."

Pia grinned, and Avaris felt the corners of her mouth quirk up at Yarrow foregoing his formalities. Avaris thought Pia might say something about it, but she didn't.

"Is that where Cy is?"

Yarrow nodded. "They're watching movies."

Pia looked behind Yarrow. To Avaris, it was piles and boxes of paper, but Pia was surprised. "How long have you been working?"

"About two hours. We stayed longer than I thought at Rabb's."

Pia snorted, "Only two hours? You're fast!"

"Thank you, Pia," said Yarrow, blushing with pride. "Do you think..." he suddenly seemed guilty. "Do you think Miss May would give me the day off once my ship gets here?"

"I can't say for sure, but probably," said Pia. "Ask. If not, she'll only expect you to work for another hour or two. You've gotten a lot done already."

Leaving some donuts from that morning for Yarrow and Cyan at the shop, Avaris departed the shop for her ship with Pia. The need to urinate was welling up again, and she was already thirsty again after so much caffeine. Pia carried Avaris's bags and paused to look back when they passed.

"That must be Yarrow's ship!" Pia announced as it flew over. She waved.

The door to Saoirse's cousin's airship opened. Saoirse emerged wearing a pink hoodie. She hurried over and took the bags from Pia, kissing Pia on the cheek. "Ooh, what've you got?"

"These are Avaris's things from Crystal Cove." She switched bags with Saoirse. "This one's mine. I got you some comfy sandals and saved you a donut." Saoirse kissed Pia again, this time on the mouth, and Pia kissed back.

"Should I wait for you to try them on?" asked Saoirse.

Pia shook her head. "Nah, you can model them for me later. Yarrow's ship is here. I need to walk Avi home and help with it."

Saoirse finally noticed Avaris, and her face turned red. "Oh, hi, Avi. How's the feather?" Saoirse's hazel-green eyes sharpened, and she sniffed the air. "Would you like to watch dumb sci-fi movies with us? I'll walk you home after."

Avaris's throat was dry, and she felt tired and dizzy. She accepted the invitation.

Yarrow's airship, a sleek Haman model called a "Limulus," lowered on the edge of the yard where Pia had indicated by waving. It towed a small Amphibious ship behind it. Saoirse helped Avaris into her cousin's airship while Pia headed over to meet the newcomer.

Miss Eneko, Mayra, or just "May" or "Miss May," walked into Hyachna's Shins at half past three in her work coveralls. Her hair and makeup were perfect, as usual.

"Miss May," said Helly, meeting Mayra at the counter. "Who's the third person?"

"Can you guess?" asked Mayra, pulling out her wallet to pay for the food.

Helianthus, Helly for short, leaned on the counter, thinking. She was Andyne and almost two meters tall - slightly shorter than Mayra. Her wings faded from yellow at the top to dark gray at the bottom, and her waist-length dark red hair sat in a loose plait over her shoulder. She had high cheekbones that made her vaguely resemble Avaris, but Helly's dark eyes were rounder, her face was ruddier, and her hair was wavy, while Avaris's was more curly. Helly's husband Bellis called her things like "elegant" and "willowy," and she loved him for it, but she thought she looked stretched and gangly. She mitigated this by wearing layered clothing and wore a puffy-sleeved pink shirt under her new apron.

"I'd say Azri at this time of day, but...Avaris," said Helly confidently. "And Bellis said that Azri and her two oldest stopped by to eat before the book fair started. Are you going?"

Mayra chewed her lip. "I need to get back to the dockyard. Where is it?"

"It's two streets over. If you want to pop over and say hi, I'll hold your food in the warmer here for a few minutes," Helly offered.

May strode around the block. She saw Zinda first, the second eldest of Azri's four adopted children. Zinda was fifteen and Amphibious. She almost looked human with her solid-colored beige skin and greenish-brown hair, except that her pale eyes seemed to glow in the sunlight. Like the other staff, Zinda wore a bright yellow book fair t-shirt. Zinda waved and walked over when she saw May.

"Hey, May. Looking for Mom?"

"Yes. Hi, Zinda," said May. "How's the book fair going?"

"Has books, is a fair," said Zinda, shrugging. "I'm mostly here for the volunteer discount. Mom's on the register in the tent in front of the plant shop."

May thanked Zinda and set off. She passed Azri's oldest, Della, on the way, who was busy helping someone find a book, but spared a smile and wave for May.

Azri stood at the register in a tented area full of books, cleaning her station with a napkin from Hyachna's Shins. She wasn't busy, so she walked around the folding table serving as her counter to greet May. Azri was short, being only chest height to May, and had dark teal skin and jaw-length dark green hair. She wore her book fair staff shirt over a pair of paint-spattered jeans.

"Did you get the blanket?" asked Azri.

May nodded. "Pia and I are going to talk about it over lunch from Hyachna's Shins. Helly told me you were here today." May filled Azri in on what had been happening and left less than five minutes later, planning to pick Azri up from the docks at five-fifteen.

"Belly? Hey, Bellis?" Helly popped her head into the bathroom, where Bellis stood shirtless, hopping restlessly from one foot to the other. "May's going to be here in a few minutes. What was it you wanted to ask her?"

Helly and Bellis were at the counter when May walked in. From his seat on the stool, Bellis wasted no time asking his question.

"Well...you could. It would be lovely, but you don't have to," said May.

"Who's going to be there?" asked Helly.

"Myself and Azri, for a start. Pia and Saoirse, possibly Cy and Yarrow, Avaris, and Saoirse's cousin might stop by, but she's not taking part."

Bellis nodded, crossing his legs. Helly put a gentle hand on his back, her fingers sliding between his feathers to brush the skin. "I'll plan for ten people."

May had to leave and excused herself, thanking Bellis, Helly, and Ish. Bellis was thankful: he was beginning to leak. A hot chill radiated from his straining bladder, and he gladly let Helly lead him outside through a side door while Ish served the next customer.

"Where are we going?" Bellis asked. Helly turned away from the back door and into an enclosed smoking area. Helly had parked their runabout slightly closer to the restaurant than usual, hiding the gate into the little fenced square.

The smoking area was a relic of the house and restaurant's former owners. No one working in the restaurant smoked, so the space served as a private outdoor sitting area. Various flowering bushes surrounded it, and the couple had installed a swinging bench.

Bellis sat on the bench while Helly quietly closed the gate. He fumbled with his pants on the way to the swinging bench, and once he had them open, he spurted a leak onto the seat and sat in it, sprinkling droplets on the ground. Watching, Helly took off her apron and dropped her pants. She slung them over the back of the bench and sat down beside Bellis, watching him struggle to hold it. Bellis looked her up and down for a long moment, his eyes lingering on her long legs and her neatly trimmed pubic hair.

"Are you waiting for an invitation?" Bellis tried to sound sultry, but it came out desperate, almost plaintive. He tried to change his tone: "If so, consider yourself invited."

"To the party in your pants?" Helly snorted, leaning in. She kissed him, her hand creeping into his lap. "Lean back."

Bellis leaned back on the bench, spreading his short legs and letting his wings brush the leaves behind the bench. Helly pulled back his pants, gripped his penis, and he released at last, letting it patter loudly on the ground. Helly made them sway gently on the swing.

"You've been holding it since...one o'clock yesterday?" Helly asked idly. Bellis nodded. After about ten seconds, he began feeling the relief and sighed. Helly's other hand explored his nipples and belly.

"Not so fast, Hels," Bellis said, squirming. He was swollen to about five centimeters, twitching and swelling further as Helly stimulated his right nipple.

"You can come now if you want," Helly whispered in Bellis's ear. "Just because we're trying doesn't mean you have to do it inside me every time, you silly, sexy man." She kissed Bellis's neck, and he moaned softly. His flow paused, and Helly got to work on him.

____________________________________

Sort of re-introducing Helly and Bellis. They weren't in Chib much, so here's a pic of them.

Update: Had trouble pasting, uploaded the PNG instead.

&&

*023*2025-10-17 04:02

Part 123

Part 11

The tall, orange-skinned Amphibious woman talking to Pia was the same one that Yarrow had met working the desk on the day he and Miss May visited the Nilbog Amphibious Airship hangar: Miss Aalis.

"Oh, you know, a friend from School," said the Amphibious clerk. She turned to Yarrow, her face lighting up as she recognized him. "Mr. Yarrow! How are you?"

The lady from Nilbog Amphibious Airship stayed for about half an hour to assist Yarrow and Pia in parking Yarrow's ship and hooking it up. She encouraged Yarrow to suggest the first spot he'd thought of: the overlook site, where he and Cyan had stood on the night of the festival. The site had a sweeping view of the valley, and if he found he didn't like it, Yarrow had a list of other sites he could move to. Hooking up water and power was easy, and before he knew it, he was back in the shop talking to Miss May. She carried a late lunch for herself, Pia, and Avaris from Hyachna's Shins. As Pia had suggested, Miss May gave Yarrow the remainder of the day off.

"Did you eat any of the food from the cupboard?" Miss May kept a stock of dehydrated, canned, and instant food in her runabout for emergencies. She'd asked him to write down what he ate so she could restock it later, but Yarrow hadn't eaten anything. Yarrow felt oddly proud at having resisted the temptation, but temptation from what? To do what? To eat? Yarrow pondered that while he packed up his makeshift campsite in the shop.

"So you're saying you're trying to make a good impression by...showing off how long you can pee?" asked Helly. She raised her leg, placing her foot on the bench next to Bellis. She angled her hips and pulled up her outer labia to aim the stream. It felt hot on Bellis's dick, swollen and throbbing and about seven centimeters long. He masturbated steadily, watching Helly's pussy. It was compact and petite, with a small clitoris and pink inner labia.

"Yeah," grunted Bellis. "We haven't done a..." He twisted on the bench, and Helly smirked fondly. Having been with Bellis for twelve years, he knew she could tell how close he was.

"We haven't. That's true," said Helly. She'd stopped urinating and lowered her foot to the ground, bending over her husband. Bellis's hand sped up, and she egged him on, lightly stimulating his nipples. "The sooner you blow, the sooner-"

Bellis came, pointed straight at Helly's breasts. After an initial half-hearted drip down his balls, Bellis jerked and shot a spurt across Helly's front, barely missing her hair. Helly flipped her hair back and waited until Bellis finished to inspect her shirt. There was a lot, but the subsequent eruptions stayed isolated to Bellis's clothes and underwear.

"Looks like we both need to change," Bellis panted.

"I said I'd bring in the groceries," said Helly. "My apron will cover this." Bellis watched her step into her pants, and he wiped the excess fluid off her shirt and onto his before she tied on her apron. Helly had been right: it covered the cum spatter almost neatly.

Bellis walked out of the smoking area behind Helly. He faced away from the restaurant, not indecent but hiding the fluids all over his clothes. Helly patted his butt and stepped toward the runabout to retrieve a box of groceries.

Yarrow spotted something blue when he stepped out of the runabout. Cyan met him by the incinerator.

"How was the movie?" Yarrow asked while they walked toward the overlook. He was excited to show Cyan his new home; the Limnulus had come fully furnished, which was good because all Yarrow had was his backpack and pillow.

"It was..." Cyan took a deep breath, opened their mouth, paused, and paused again, looking thoughtful. "Confusing. I'm going over to watch it again tomorrow, and Rabb promised to explain everything."

The two approached Yarrow's ship at the overlook five minutes later.

"It does look like a horseshoe crab," said Cyan. Yarrow had done all the standard first-time hookup tests on the Limulus, and the cover was up. The vessel was teardrop-shaped and rounded, almost Andyne in design, with oval windows, a covered outdoor "leisure deck" at the top. The cover was large, and when folded down over the stern, it completed its resemblance to a limulus. The outer hull's colors were light and efficient, pale green mountains at the bottom faded upward to lighter green mountains, and various hues of light blue in a wavy pattern for the sky. "Avi will need to take her walks somewhere else in the mornings," Cyan commented, stepping up onto the small dock.

"Didn't she almost fall off here?" Yarrow asked, pulling out his new key. The Limulus had a small front porch area, with folding brackets in the wall meant to hold planters or other such items.

"Yeah. The radio tower is the same distance from the Limpet, but it's not as fun to pee there," said Cyan.

Yarrow blushed, letting Cyan in ahead of him. "Speaking of that, did you do Miss Avaris's...treatment?" He chastised himself for the jealousy he felt toward Avaris; per his overachieving ways, Yarrow had read up on Avaris when he'd gotten the assignment to deliver her the paperwork revoking her name by his legal firm. He knew what had happened to her, and that Cyan's urine could heal sunburns and fade scars, but Yarrow wished he had an excuse for Cyan to pee on him every day. He blushed when he realized he'd thought that consciously.

*Well, you've only had sex with Cy multiple times,* the rebellious voice in the back of his mind piped up snarkily. *Why don't you ask?*

Yarrow stood in the open living room, watching Cyan inspect the kitchenette and flight console. "I peed a bit on a hand towel and put it on her scar. Speaking of which, walking this way made me need to pee, since we usually do it here." Cyan meant at the overlook. They passed the stairwell to the second floor and opened the bedroom door. Yarrow noticed Cyan fidgeting, pressing their legs together as they looked into the bedroom. The room was small and narrow, with cupboard shelving, a built-in desk, and a narrow bed under the window. Nilbog Amphibious Airship had put colorful geometrically-patterned sheets on the bed, and the bedside clock was embedded in the wall, blinking at 00:00.

"Is this the room you said I could sleep in?" asked Cyan, their face flushing violet as they turned to Yarrow. Yarrow nodded, feeling himself reddening as Cyan's expression lit up. They hugged Yarrow tightly, delighted. "I love it! And it's next to the bathroom!"

"You already sleep close to the bathroom at Pia's," said Yarrow, but he was smiling. He hadn't showered yet; he'd found that the shop's shower had hot water, but he'd slept so long that morning that he hadn't had time. He'd combed his hair as neatly as he could and rinsed his face in the shop sink, but he couldn't get rid of the slight, unruly waves in his post-sleep hair. Yarrow opened his mouth to say something about taking a shower, and Cyan plopped down on the bed, stretching their long limbs. 

Yarrow noticed that Cyan's crotch was a bit swollen under their skirt and tried not to look. Yarrow had left Rabb's ship because he knew she and Saoirse could tell how horny he was. And he'd needed to get back to work, Yarrow told himself firmly. It was one of the times he was grateful to have a small penis: it was easy to hide the erection under his layers of clothing. It had gradually subsided as Yarrow sorted and filed Miss Eneko's paperwork, but it hadn't gone away completely. It had been creeping back while he and Cyan walked.

"Well...yeah, but this is closer." Cyan got up from the bed. "Which is good, because I need a pee and you have something to take care of."

"What do I need to take care of?" asked Yarrow. He was too horny for difficult questions, and also too horny to be ashamed of it. Cyan pressed a thigh against the hardness under Yarrow's pants, and he felt something in Cyan's too. "Oh, that," Yarrow said, touching Cyan's chest.

"Would you like me to pee on you on the bed, or in the shower?" asked Cyan. "I'm about to start leaking."

Yarrow's heart pounded. He came to a quick decision. He still needed to test the washer and dryer after all.

Tulip finished packing up the prospecting gear and buttoned up the small airship before leaving it in the family hangar for the evening. When he entered the downstairs living area, Nis was there on the couch, listening to the radio while he worked on the flight suit's zipper with a pair of pliers. It had been too small for Nis; he was half a head taller than Tulip, and though the suit had been loose on that kid, Yarrow, Yarrow was only slightly taller than Tulip. Tulip had been surprised that Nis could squeeze into it.

Nis sat in his sleeping clothes with his hair pulled back into a tight ponytail to keep it out of his face. He wasn't wearing a bra, and probably wasn't wearing underwear. Tulip didn't look; he didn't need to. He'd known Nis for nearly twenty-one years, since their first day at George Avocados Elementary, and their relationship had even survived an ill-fated attempt at romance in their late teens.

"Eri's home," Nis yawned, looking up.

"I saw," said Tulip. He'd met his sister in the hangar connected to their house, waving to her while she parked her tiny but colorfully painted junker of a ship. Tulip's family had a lot of room: his father was a doctor, and his mother worked for the only Andyne family law firm in Arridamorte as a Senior Partner, usually working remotely from her home office. Their home was sprawling and almost brutalist, composed of boxy segments, built by a local airship designer decades before Tulip's family moved to Crystal Cove. "I got Miss Eneko to agree to flight lessons," Tulip blurted out.

"How much?" Nis sighed, trying to look nonchalant but turning blotchily red and pale. He didn't want to get his hopes up, Tulip realized.

"She didn't want to take payment, actually," said Tulip. "She said she'll teach safety and help you formulate workouts to strengthen your wings. She's not licensed, but she's given me some good tips and pointers, and I think she could help you."

Nis nodded slowly, his expression closing.

"I'll go with you," Tulip added hurriedly. "I'll get lunch for everyone at Eri's work." Tulip had been planning what he'd say to Nis for the last three hours, and none of it sounded as good as it had in his head while he'd rinsed and scrubbed their current mineral finds. He jumped when Nis put a hand on his shoulder.

"I'm not angry, Tulip. Just tired," said Nis, trying to smile. "I've been working on this stupid zipper for two and a half hours, and I have a headache. Thank you."

Nis ascended the stairs to the upper floor, holding the flight suit carefully.

"Where are you going?" asked Tulip curiously. Nis's usual response to a headache was to take a nap, but his room was on the opposite side of the basement, down a long hallway.

"This is your sister's flight suit," said Nis. "She called down that she was washing her work clothes, and I thought she might like to wash this suit."

Nis met Tulip's mother, Lilieae, in the kitchen on the way to the laundry room. She was making coffee, pulling equipment out of her full-service home coffee bar.

"Good afternoon, Nyssa," said Lili, pulling out a frother and flourishing it like a barista. "Would you like a coffee? What about Tulip?"

"Hi, Mom," said Nis tiredly. "It's Nis today." Nis had known Lili about as long as he'd known Tulip, and called Lili "Mom" about half the time. Nis already had three mothers, who'd moved north to Chocolate Smudge for work. They visited Tulip's family on certain holidays - there was more than enough room - and both families had been close since Tulip and Nis became friends.

Lili nodded and corrected herself: "Good afternoon, Nis. Would you like some coffee?" She looked like an older, feminine version of Tulip: she had the same coppery tan and heart-shaped face, the same almond-shaped eyes, and sleek dark hair, though hers was tinted blue where Tulip's was more brown. Used to working from home, she wore light, comfortable pajamas.

"If you don't mind making it, I'd like one," said Nis. "Tulip's in the shower, but he never says no to coffee."

"Are you going to the laundry room?" asked Lili. Nis nodded, holding up the sweaty flight suit for her to inspect. "Ooh, you fixed the zipper! Were you using this, Nis?"

Nis blushed warmly. "Yeah."

"I'm going into town tomorrow. Come with me! We can get food, and I'll get you measured for a flight suit that fits." Lili pushed down on the coffee grinder, and it whirred loudly. "While we're at it, when was the last time you got properly measured for a bra?"

_______________________________

A little late, but here's this week's chapter! 🙂

