Chib: Scraps

Author: Astraptera

*013*2025-08-07 06:50

Part 118:

Part 6:

"We've always just called it 'salad.' It's more like a relish," said Saoirse, measuring out spices and chopping herbs while a pan of oil heated on the stove, "You're supposed to serve it chilled, and it's better after a few days in the fridge."

"How is it with some spice?" Yarrow asked. He stood over a large pot of water, waiting for it to come to a boil.

Saoirse shrugged. "Spicy?"

Cyan and Rabb sat at the kitchen table, washing the green tomatoes while the food Rabb had made for breakfast stayed warm in the oven. Cyan had said yes to Saoirse's request for green tomatoes, and they and Yarrow helped her fill two buckets, one of which Rabb carried on her lap while Saoirse pushed her across the boardwalk in a wheelchair.

"Sersh," Rabb called to Saoirse from the table. "Everyone is hungry. Let's set aside the salad for now and eat."

"There's not enough for everyone," said Saoirse."Is it not why we're making salad? To go with it?" Saoirse looked down at everything she'd been preparing, remembering what she'd just told Yarrow. The salad would take at least thirty minutes to chill after they finished making it. "Oh."

Rabb stood up. "I'll make garlic pancakes and bacon. It'll be like brunch."

Saoirse sniffed the air and gave Rabb a stern look. "I'll make them. You need to stay off your feet."

"I'm fine," Rabb protested. "It's mixing batter, not running a marathon."

Saoirse sniffed and twitched an ear at Rabb. "You're on vacation, Rabby. And I invited people over for breakfast without asking." From the table, Cyan gave Yarrow a guilty look. "And I apologize, Cy, Yarrow. I should've thought about how long the salad takes to make. Are you guys okay with garlic pancakes and bacon?"

Cyan didn't seem to know what garlic pancakes were, so Yarrow explained it to them with some assistance from Rabb. Yarrow liked Renoige food, and the thought of restaurant-style garlic pancakes made his stomach growl.

Rabb resumed her seat, and they ate continuously for the next hour. Saoirse made stacks of garlic pancakes and ate while she cooked. When Rabb finished her food, she stood and shuffled away from the table. Yarrow noticed she was going for the door leading out onto the deck.

"Where are you going?" Saoirse sighed, deftly flipping a thin, crepe-like pancake in the frying pan.

"I'm just going to pee off the deck," said Rabb. "BRB."

"Wait a sec. I'll go with you to make sure you don't fall and die. Just let me finish this pancake," said Saoirse.

Yarrow blushed and exchanged a look with Cyan, who squirmed: they'd had two large glasses of water with their food, and unlike Yarrow, they weren't trying to hide their discomfort.

"I need to go too," said Cyan. "What about you, Yarrow? We could go with her."

"But why do we need to go outside?" asked Yarrow. He checked himself and found that he could use a pee. He cursed himself internally for drinking so much coffee.

Saoirse answered: "Her bathroom smells like puke, and she won't use it if she can help it."

Yarrow accompanied Rabb and Cyan outside. Now that Yarrow knew he needed to go, he began having trouble holding it. He made sure Rabb made it to the railing and turned, knowing how red his face was. He screened himself with his wing and heard Rabb grunt next to him. Cyan tactfully placed themself between Yarrow and Rabb and unselfconsciously raised their skirt, letting out a long breath.

"There's no need to be shy, Yarrow," said Rabb. "I won't stare."

"It's not that." Yarrow hadn't been self-conscious about his penis, but he was now: he knew of different species' anatomy from classes in school, and he was most likely smaller than what Rabb had. He felt himself overflowing and parted his layers of clothing. He still wore the clothes he slept in and felt a pang of guilt, even though he knew that Miss Eneko wouldn't care.

"Ah. The sense of smell, then?" yawned Rabb.

Yarrow nodded. Despite how badly he needed to pee, all he could manage was a drip.

"If it makes you feel any better, you're downwind of me," said Rabb.

"Does that mean you can't smell us?" asked Cyan. Yarrow dared a glance over his wing at them. Cyan had both hands on the railing and let their penis dangle half-hard between the bars, shooting a thin blue arch toward the ground. Butterflies exploded in Yarrow's stomach, and Yarrow hid behind his wing again, blushing furiously.

Rabb hesitated before answering, "No...I can still smell you, just not as well."

"Can you tell anything about me?" asked Cyan.

"You smell...human. Mostly, anyway," Rabb said slowly. "You tried some coffee this morning, the stuff with the mascot who looks like Digit."

Yarrow froze at the name.

"Digit?" Cyan asked.

"A mutual friend of Sersh and I. His name's Digitalis. He looks a lot like the Jay Boy Coffee mascot," Rabb explained, flustered. "If all goes as planned, he'll be here by Tuesday. He's also my best friend's boyfriend."

Yarrow's mind raced. Was that why she'd asked him about inviting more guests to the dockyard? He let his wings drop into their normal resting position. There wasn't much to expose with his shirt hanging down.

Rabb smelled the punch of emotion in Yarrow's scent. She'd been frantically trying to think of a way to sidestep telling Cyan anything else and seized upon the opportunity to change the subject.

"You okay, Yarrow?" Rabb asked tentatively. She was finished emptying her bladder and adjusted her clothing. The young Andyne man, who'd been so uptight a few seconds ago, had let his wings sag. His pants were open, but his shirt was long enough to cover everything, which Rabb was thankful for.

"I'm okay," Yarrow gulped, blotchily red and white across his face. Rabb could smell that he had a nervous erection, and watching Cyan pee wasn't helping. Cyan watched them placidly, still sending a blue-tinted stream into the open air behind Rabb's airship. Rabb had never seen blue urine before and stared for a long moment.

"You can smell which brand of coffee they tried?" Yarrow asked. His hands dropped to his crotch, and he buttoned up discreetly under his shirt with a look of resignation, much to Rabb's relief. "What else can you smell?"

Rabb felt a brief flash of annoyance. She thought she'd successfully evaded the subject. "Are you sure you want to know?'

It was Cyan who answered. Their stream was slowing, and Rabb could only smell relief on them, not arousal. "Yeah."

Rabb's face was hot under her fur, but that didn't cover everything. The pink skin showing through the fur on her ears reddened. Rabb took a deep breath. "Alright. You smell human; you smell a lot like Pia, because you live with her; you spent the last few hours sleeping in the thermal tent with Yarrow; you two had sex..." Rabb paused and sniffed the air. "Less than twenty-four hours ago, but more than twelve hours ago. And you're well-hydrated from all that water. Other than that, your scent is new to me. Most of my experience with humans is with my friend Digitalis, and he's only half."

Yarrow frowned at the name. Rabb had mentioned it deliberately. Yarrow had been ready for it this time, but he couldn't hide his scent. If Arthur were here, this would be where he stepped in and asked questions. Arthur was nosy like that, and it made Rabb smirk to know she missed that about her best friend.

The pain in Rabb's foot had reached a dim throb, and she wanted to sit down more than she wanted to prod Yarrow for information.

"I'm going back inside. You can use the bathroom if it's more comfortable for you, Yarrow," said Rabb. "There's nothing wrong with it; the vomit smell is faint, even for me and Sersh."

Yarrow gave her a professional nod. "Thank you, Ms. Sylls. I'll keep that in mind."

Rabb moved at a low and deceptively quick shuffle toward the door to the kitchen. Yarrow rushed over and helped her down the stairs.

"Have fun, you two," Rabb said over her shoulder, watching Yarrow blush brightly under his blue-gray hair. Embarrassment bloomed in his scent, and Rabb cut it off by closing the door. She waved merrily to Yarrow through the window, smirking with the schadenfreude. Satisfied with her petty vengeance for changing the subject - it was so easy to make him blush - Rabb joined Saoirse at the kitchen sink.

Cyan stretched their back, leaning on the railing. They weren't doing their regular "treatment" on Avaris's scar until later. Azri was no longer visiting early every morning, so Cyan didn't have to worry about her popping around the corner and commenting on the color and clarity of their or Yarrow's pee.

"You're still going," said Yarrow.

"I didn't know I had to go this much," Cyan replied sheepishly. Their dick was shrinking in the cool breeze, maintaining a slow but persistent stream that blew back at them. "Watch out, Yarrow."

Yarrow leaned on the railing and let the droplets hit his clothes. "I'm fine. I need to get dressed by about..." Yarrow checked his wrist. He wasn't wearing a watch. "They'll be here at three."

"Who?" asked Cyan. They felt like they should know.

"Nilbog Amphibious Airship," said Yarrow. The flush in his face was more from excitement than embarrassment now.

"They're bringing it today?" Cyan blushed. The memory filtered back: Yarrow had told them in the tent. Conscious that they were dripping, Cyan dropped their skirt and hugged Yarrow. Since they weren't wearing underwear, their urine pattered on the deck. "Where are we gonna put it?"

Yarrow hugged back, and Cyan felt something hard under Yarrow's clothes. It explained some things, but not everything. "I don't know yet. I have a list of possible sites, but I thought I had time to ask Miss. E..." Yarrow paused. "-Miss May about it. She told me I'd need an adapter for one of the hookups."

Cyan pulled back a bit and looked into Yarrow's face. His eyes looked black at first glance, but in the sunlight, Cyan could see they were deep purple. "Why is it ready so early?"

"I asked them to paint it a different color scheme than they were going to use," Yarrow said, mesmerized. The hardness against Cyan's thigh twitched. "They had all the paint on hand and didn't have to order it."

"Ooh, what color did you get?" Cyan pressed their thigh against Yarrow.

"Just slightly lighter shades," puffed Yarrow. His wings stiffened. "It's more efficient." Cyan grinned at him. "No, it is. I'll show you. It'll be in the paperwork."

Cyan let one hand slide down Yarrow's lower back, letting their fingers trace along the outline of his preen gland on the way to his buttock. Yarrow shivered. "Is there anything else you'd like to show me?" asked Cyan.

"I..." Yarrow twisted to glance at the window into the kitchen. "I don't know. We can try, but I'm supposed to be working."

"If we stand on the other side of the ship, they won't see us from the window," Cyan suggested. "We can survey the available sites while we're up there."

Yarrow gulped. "You mean facing the dockyard? What if someone sees us?"

Cyan stepped closer to Yarrow. "Do any of the sites around here stand out to you?" Cyan squinted around and identified a few promising airship spots with what they felt was a strange amount of confidence while they worked their hands into Yarrow's layers of clothing.

"I've got something standing out for you," Yarrow said shakily, raising his shirt for Cyan. He alternated between giving Cyan a goofy smile and frantic glances around the dockyard. Cyan maneuvered the layers of waistbands down in front and grasped Yarrow's cock. Small moans escaped Yarrow's throat while Cyan gently handled him, exploring the head and foreskin. Yarrow's penis was significantly smaller than Cyan's, with a short foreskin. His urethra was on the underside, just beneath where the head met the shaft. Wetness leaked from it, and Cyan used it to lubricate their fingers.

Cyan stroked for a long time. Yarrow produced ample fluid, but after a few minutes, nothing else had happened. Yarrow stopped Cyan when it became uncomfortable.

Yarrow took a deep, shuddering breath. He looked stricken, but Cyan couldn't think of why. "I'm sorry. I think I'm too nervous. What about you?"

"I'm still uh...satiated after last night," Cyan said slowly. "Would you like to pick this up later?"

"You don't mind that I couldn't...?" Yarrow gulped. He couldn't finish the sentence.

Cyan shrugged. "It's because you're on the clock?" Yarrow nodded, embarrassed but relieved.

"And we might be seen by anyone walking around the dockyard," Yarrow said shyly. The dockyard was still empty. "It's the slow season, but that doesn't mean we won't have visitors."

"What about having to pee?" asked Cyan.

Yarrow pulled up his waistband and dropped his shirt. "I still need to go, but I can't pee like this. I'll have to wait it out."

Before they went inside, Cyan located the garden hose on the deck and rinsed the decking off where they'd dripped.

___

For some reason the font translated from Word. I'm not complaining though: it kept the indenting! (update: no, the font is back to normal when submitted for some reason? Cool!)

I'm making some progress with the new drawing software, but I want to get some practice in before I get ambitious. The software is just different enough to really throw me off sometimes.

*014*2025-08-22 06:31

Part 119

Part 7:

"We'll need to pull it," said the nurse, a young Amphibious man who looked sleep-deprived. Avaris winced. "We use a localized numbing agent. I'll get your info to the doc on duty."

The nurse left, closing the door to the small exam room.

"You should sit," said Pia. Since it was a hot day, the nurse's station had a cooler full of free water in the waiting room. Pia had grabbed two on the way to the exam room with Avaris and sat in a chair in the corner. Avaris watched Pia twist the lid off her bottle and take a drink.

Avaris lowered herself into the exam chair, gingerly holding her wing up. Blood had stopped dripping before they entered the clinic, but it would probably start bleeding again if she carelessly brushed it on something. Avaris's butt crinkled on the paper. She expected to feel a squish in her "protective," either lukewarm or cold, but the foam was warm and only slightly damp against her vulva.

"How's the landing reflex?" Pia asked quietly.

Avaris shrugged. "It's not that bad. I should probably start drinking water, though."

The water was cool and refreshing, and Avaris drank half of it in two gulps. When Avaris looked up, she noticed Pia looking at a magazine rack on the back of the door. It contained one badly folded copy of a local newspaper, a small selection of rock gardening magazines, and an issue of the Interworld Lens titled: "Humans. Where Did They Come From? Where Did They Go?" Something seemed to catch Pia's eye because she stood up and selected the local newspaper.

"Anything interesting?" Avaris asked, sitting back.

Pia sat, reading from the paper. "The Mad Robot is still around, and it looks like they're doing dinner theater now."

Avaris craned to look at the headline. "The Mad Robot?"

"I think it's a small group of performance artists," said Pia. She shifted in her seat, pressing her thighs together and crossing her ankles. "They show up at businesses, announce that they're the Mad Robot, set off a smoke bomb, and run away. They don't steal anything, and there are at least two people." Pia turned over the paper and showed Avaris the photo: the "Mad Robot" was a tall, chubby Andyne with dark red wings. They struck a distinctly un-robot-like pose, appearing to blow a kiss to the viewer. Avaris thought something seemed off about their wings and opened her mouth to say so as a knock came at the exam room door. It was the doctor.

The doctor who entered was a middle-aged Andyne man with dark gray wings. Two broken white stripes dotted his flight feathers. He had a dark tan, close-cut black hair, and a round open face that Pia thought looked familiar, but she couldn't place him.

The doctor introduced himself as Dr. Sativus. He calmly talked to the two women while he prepared the numbing agent. Pia couldn't watch him touching the bloodied feather and looked through ads for airship parts instead. Occasionally, Pia got lucky, and a specialty store would have adapters, parts, or fixtures that fit her airship. One ad was promising until Pia located the paper's date. It was two weeks old.

"My wife and I went on vacation to the City of Bats," Sativus said conversationally to Avaris. "Today is my first day back." Pia hadn't been paying attention to their conversation, and when she looked up, she remembered why: Dr. Sativus had applied the numbing agent, and he was preparing a pair of narrow pliers. Pia's stomach dropped, seeming to bounce unpleasantly on her straining bladder.

It dawned on Pia that a bathroom break would be an appropriate and acceptable reason not to watch what Dr. Sativus was about to do, but it was too late. Pia looked up to tell Avaris she was going to the bathroom as Dr. Sativus gripped the bloody stump with the medical pliers and yanked with a brief but nauseating fleshy noise. Pia couldn't tell whether she wanted to throw up or wet herself, and crossed her legs harder.

"How did this happen, if you don't mind my asking?" asked Dr. Sativus, dropping the feather and a bloody wad of gauze into a disposal bag.

"Someone almost ran us over with a small airship," said Avaris. "Pia pulled me out of the way, but my feather caught on something."

Dr. Sativus sucked air through his teeth. "Quick and nasty. Ouch. That can't be street-legal. Talk to the receptionist on your way out. We're required to file a report on the incident and injury. Any details you remember might help."

The restrooms called to Pia when she led Avaris to the waiting area, but Pia was the only one who'd seen the ship. It had been roughly the size of a large minivan and brightly colored, painted with flowers or something. Some hardware stuck off the side, and that was what had caught Avaris's feather. Pia thought it looked like a traveling florist stall and said so in the report.

They caught a tram to the docks. Pia knew how draining an unresolved landing reflex could be, and because it had been Pia's fault, she didn't try to walk faster to the station. Pia's abdomen felt like an overinflated tire, and Avaris had asked her several times if she wanted to stop and find a bathroom, but Pia declined each time. Pia would wait until they returned to the ship to use the bathroom.

Pia's heart leapt in anticipation when she saw the towering dock structure from the tram. The gentle downward slope to the coast bounced Pia's bladder unpleasantly, but she could see Lady's airship. As she stood in line for the kiosk, Pia felt confident. She could make it to the bathroom on Lady's ship, she told herself firmly.

The lift to the upper levels was at ground level as they approached. Pia watched numbly from about twenty meters away as the doors to the semi-enclosed lift slid shut and began moving upward. Someone above had pressed the lift button. Pia's feet stopped. This was just like her last day at…

"No," Pia groaned under her breath. Everything had been riding on her boarding that lift. Her urethra was beginning to loosen, both from strain and anticipation, and Pia pressed her legs together harder. It couldn’t happen again.

Pia felt a hand on her shoulder and looked sideways into Avaris's coral-pink eyes. "Pia, come with me. Please?" she asked.

"The kiosk doesn't allow customers to use its bathroom," Pia moaned, thinking she was about to suggest that.

"Not that," said Avaris, half-mumbling. "I know a place."

Pia wanted to say no and try the stairs, but followed Avaris. The first level of the dock contained several sheds and enclosed storage areas, and Pia was surprised to find Avaris leading her toward a fenced area near the outer corner. Pia had seen these fenced-off areas at other air docks, and they looked like someone had transplanted part of a school sports field onto the docks.

The fenced-off area that Avaris led Pia into was quiet and empty, and the track lines on the ground led to the edge of the dock. They stopped at the dock railing next to an opening where a wide jetty extended out into the water. Pia knew what to do: she set the bags down, rushed over to the water, and hiked up her skirt. Avaris leaned against the railing and idly watched Pia squatting and letting out a controlled arc over the water.

"What is this place?" Pia asked, sighing with relief while her whizzing stream echoed and splashed off the water.

"Landing area," puffed Avaris. "For people with wings."

As if confirming what Avaris said, a figure glided around the corner of the docks, slowing their descent by angling their mismatched wings and touching down at a jog. The person's path brought them to the same sheltered stretch of railing as Pia and Avaris. Mere meters away, the person yanked open the crotch flap of their flight suit, spread their legs, and rested heavily on the railing with a groan and a blast of neon yellow piss. Pia looked away when she realized she could see the stranger's penis.

The stranger's long, light pink hair hung loose in their face, obscuring it while they hunched forward, panting, and their flow rapidly wound down. The person wore a plain gray flight suit that looked uncomfortably tight, and the breeze carried the smell of their sweat. They were a bit tall and chubby for an Andyne, but their most striking feature was their wings. One wing was faded tan, gray, and dusty orange. The other was bright red. The feathers were dry and slightly tattered-looking, shaking slightly as the person panted, letting themself drip.

Pia shifted her position to compensate for the falling pressure in her bladder, and her foot slipped. She gasped as she fell back but caught herself, and Avaris reached down to steady her shoulder. The sound made their neighbor jump.

"Sorry about that," said Avaris. She’d interposed herself between Pia and the stranger, raising a wing in case she needed to screen Pia from the stranger's view.

The stranger raised their head over their sagging wings and stared at Pia and Avaris dumbly, their eyes flicking from Pia's face to her vulva to her lack of wings, then Avaris. The stranger pulled their wings in protectively and averted their eyes.

"Sorry. I didn't know there'd be people here," the stranger said quickly. They had a deep voice, and in the brief flash of eye contact, Pia had noticed an androgynous face, wide lilac eyes, and a large pair of breasts in the flight suit.

"I'm the one who brought my friend here. I used to fly myself, so I knew this place was here, and it was an emergency," said Avaris to the stranger, sidling between them and Pia.

"What happened to your wing?" Pia couldn't see the stranger's face, but they seemed surprised.

Avaris told the stranger what happened, and Pia finished emptying her bladder after what felt like a brief eternity. She stood up, letting the last drips run down her legs while she dropped her skirt.

"-and this is Pia," said Avaris, letting her wing relax now that Pia had finished.

The stranger chuckled. "A little on the nose in the circumstances," they said, their face as pink as their hair. "It's nice to meet you both. I'm Nis." Nis didn't move to touch palms - Pia didn't mind, given what they'd both been doing - and excused themself, heading for a strip of public lockers on the edge of the landing area. Pia led the way to the lift.

When they returned to Lady's ship, Avaris lay back on a couch in the combination bridge-slash-living room while Pia made them tea.

"Weren't you going to wash your protection?" asked Pia, sitting in the seat by the radio. The clock on the display read 11:37.

Avaris shook her head. "The foam still feels dry. If I pee in them again, I'll wash them, but I'm okay for now."

"Alright. If you need anything, please ask. Thanks for making me go to the landing area, by the way," said Pia. "I wouldn't have made it to the ship."

"And you're not wearing anything under that skirt," Avaris yawned. Her face turned pink, but she couldn't seem to muster the energy to be embarrassed.

Pia nodded sheepishly. If she'd lost control on the stairs, it would've been too much like her last day at the Foxfire Catering Company.

"How did you make that turbulence earlier?" Avaris had noticed the change in Pia's face and tactfully switched to another subject. "Or...do it?"

The radio console chimed in the middle of Pia's explanation. The call came from Rabb's airship, but Yarrow's voice was on the line. He had questions about certain docking sites in the dockyard.

"I need to know by three," Yarrow said nervously.

"We should be there by then," Pia replied. "If we're not, did you see where Lady parked her airship this morning?"

After the call, Pia made more tea. They had an hour until they needed to leave to pick up May and Lady.

___

I almost forgot I was supposed to post today! The pic is extremely rough sketches of Nis/Nyssa that I tried to do in the new drawing software. Nis is a genderfluid futanari, likes to curse, and can be somewhat bullheaded and oblivious. Nis is a he in this chapter, and in the sketches here I tried to draw more femme poses. I'm attempting a sketch from this chapter, but have some reading to do because I got ambitious and decided to draw a background too. If I can figure it out, I'll post it between chapters if I finish it.

&&

*015*2025-09-04 05:40

Part 120

Part 8:

May left the shop feeling apprehensive. Mx Somchai and Miss Ebonie had followed her out the door to look at the thinning smoke in the distance: the "Mad Robot" had struck again.

"I heard that it was a robot made to operate rides at the boardwalk," said Miss Ebonie, allowing Mx Somchai to pick her up for a better view.

"I've seen the photos," said Mx Somchai. "It's a person. They have wings."

"Robots can have wings," Miss Ebonie replied. There wasn't much to see at that distance, so they went inside, wishing May a good day. She reached the meeting point about fifteen minutes early, a grove of willow trees on the outskirts of the business district. There was a tea shop with a view of the grove where May could wait, get something to drink, and possibly use the bathroom. The recent rain had made the ponds and willows in the field especially lush, and while May looked at the greenery, a matte black dot hovered soundlessly out of the sky.

May stopped on the sidewalk. "You're early," she said aloud. Pia set the airship down in a large grassy area on the edge of a pond. Nowhere closer was large enough for Lady's airship, but May didn't mind. She was both grateful that Pia was early and apprehensive. May had been putting it off for years, and it was today. May took the longest footpath she could see toward the ship, her heart racing with every step.

"I'll write you through Dr. Moss," said Althea, hugging Del. Clay gave Del a handshake, not knowing her very well, and hugged Alvin for much longer. Del retreated into the cramped airship before Clay and Alvin parted.

Dr. Moss's airship was a small vessel used for camping and capable of underwater navigation, consisting of a combined bridge and kitchenette, where the crates of plants and hydrostasis units were stored, and a sleeping/sitting area with a couch and two berth beds. The bathroom was tiny, off the little hallway from the door to the outside, and Del would have to fold her wings in to use it. She hoped she wouldn't have to.

Del heard the door to the outside latch, and Alvin sat on the couch next to Del. Alvin's eyes were red, and he pulled the duffel bag into his lap, clutching it. Del felt the ship sinking and drew closer to her friend.

"Alright, you two," said Dr. Moss. "I don't normally have guests on my ship - not ones outside a hydro tube, anyway - so before we start moving, I have some ground rules."

Dr. Keyana Moss was a middle-aged Amphibious woman, short and slight, with blue-green skin and dark green hair in a short pixie cut. She was dressed casually in jeans and a t-shirt bearing the words "City Of Stone University."

"I need you both to keep quiet while I navigate the waterways toward the coast." Dr. Moss outlined safety procedures and instructed them to only speak to her in the next three hours if there was an emergency. Del and Alvin huddled under blankets and silently played card games for the next hour.

May followed a winding path through the hanging curtains of willow fronds, around a large pond, and past two smaller ponds. The first she passed under was shadowy and cool, and she thought it might be a good place to empty her bladder. It would delay her by at least a minute. She slowed her pace to do that and stopped when she heard a voice. She might not have listened, but the voice sounded distressed.

"We'll just have to find another route," said a second voice. May padded forward and peeped through the fronds. A small airship painted with colorful crystals hovered in the tall grass. The side of the airship folded out into a covered area, usable as either a camping tent or a market stall. Two figures sat underneath, both Andyne. The sun was brilliant in the space between the tree and the small airship, and all May could make out was their outlines. "I'll take a look on the way home from work this weekend...What was that?" Both figures turned toward May.

"This is private property, Ma'am," said the second voice loudly. May pulled aside the fronds and shaded her eyes. The two Andynes were washing something in a tub of water.

May squinted, and one of the figures stepped into the sun. He was in his mid-twenties, shirtless with honey-brown skin and straight shoulder-length dark brown hair, and his wings were brown with subtle stripes dotted across the feathers. "Tulip?"

The dark-haired young man paused. "Miss..." He squinted. May's bladder throbbed. If she couldn't duck into the willow fronds to relieve herself, she could ask to use the bathroom in Tulip's house, she thought. "Miss Eneko," said Tulip. Behind him, his friend sat up, partially obscured by the yellow light in the tent. She wore a full-body garment with the top tied around her waist. On top, she wore either a light-colored bikini top or that was her bra. May couldn't tell what color her hair was, but it sat in a high ponytail, and one of her wings was darker than the other.

"Are you still flying for the Fast Flyers?" asked May. Tulip nodded.

"Is this a client?" asked Tulip's friend slowly. Her voice was deep and somewhat ambiguous, and May resisted the urge to do a double take. Tulip's friend had been the first voice, the one sounding distressed.

"Yeah. The one who used to be a flight instructor," said Tulip.

"Oh," Tulip's friend sniffed and resumed washing something in the tub.

"You sell crystals too?" asked May.

"My friend and I do, yes," said Tulip, flustered.

"We've got lots of rocks. Want to buy one?” Tulip's friend chimed in, rinsing a crystal and not looking up. Crystal Cove was known for its natural mineral deposits. Many of the vendors at tourist spots sold mined crystal specimens and cut gems. Sellers prospecting in the hills needed an expensive license. May was surprised that Tulip would have one, but he and his friend seemed to have found more than enough specimens to make up for the cost.

"Miss Eneko, this is my friend Nyssa-"

"Nis," corrected Nis, dropping the brush. Nis stood up and started walking.

"This is my friend Nis. Where are you going?" Tulip asked, turning to Nis.

"Changing out of this suit. I'll fix the stuck zipper while I'm at it; no wonder that skinny little twink pissed himself in it," said Nis, stepping out from under the tent fabric. Nis's hair was pink, and his wings were a mismatched red and brown. They were beautiful in coloration but in dire need of a preen. May also spotted as Nis walked away that he didn't have a preen gland. Nis headed toward the back of a light blue house hidden in the thick summer vegetation.

"He's…um…having a bad day," said Tulip apologetically. "Nis is usually the social butterfly between the two of us. Want to look at our mineral specimens?" he asked lamely. "We've found some good quartzes lately."

"I was just here to pee under the willow trees before I go back...Is that part of your property?" May tittered, embarrassed. "If it is, I can make it to the bathroom where I'm going. I'm just procrastinating."

Tulip shrugged. "I have no idea. I only said that because I was startled. Mind if I join you?" He let May leave her bags on the folding chairs while they stepped under the willow tree, facing slightly different directions; it wasn't the first time they'd peed together, but they didn't know each other very well.

May unzipped her work coveralls and started almost before her cock escaped her underwear, taking a moment to get the stream under control. To May's left, Tulip stood with his legs spread, pulling one side of his athletic shorts up. His wings shivered, and he let go with a grunt. The ambient sounds of the ponds around them seemed to get louder, and it reminded May of the Nilbog Amphibious Airship hangar flooding.

"Ms. Eneko?" said Tulip tentatively. "Do you still teach flight lessons?"

May's mind blanked. "I um...Not for a long time. Why? You fly for work, don't you?"

"Yeah. It's for Nis. The closest person who'll teach him lives east of Constantia."

"There aren't other flight instructors?" May asked. "Or is it because he's uh..." May suddenly wasn't sure.

"He's what?" Tulip asked sharply.

May felt a cold little pit in her stomach, and her dick shrank a bit in her hand. "Part-human?"

There was a pause. When Tulip spoke, he didn't sound angry. "You could tell?"

"He doesn't have a preen gland," said May. "Which...isn't proof of anything, but all the part-humans I've known don't have them." She thought of Avaris and someone else. Her stomach had been relaxing, but it clenched back up, this time in regret.

"The instructors we've talked to think that because Nis isn't full Andyne, they-...he can't use his wings," Tulip sighed. He finished abruptly and stood air-drying. "But he can, and he insists on practicing. If you could maybe..." Tulip twisted over his shoulder. "Oh wow, you're still going."

May snorted. "I've been putting it off. Have you got an airship?"

Tulip sagged. "Yes, but Nis wants to fly."

"No, I meant to get to my dockyard," May sighed. "It's the slow season. I'm not a licensed instructor here, but I can give your friend some basic safety pointers and help him formulate a safe practice routine."

"How much?" asked Tulip.

May made eye contact with Tulip over her wing. "How much wha-...oh. I'm not charging you anything for basic safety," she scoffed. "Maybe bring food for everyone?"

"Done," said Tulip breathlessly. "Do you mind if I come to the lessons too? I don't usually get to fly with people who can keep up with me outside work."

After May finished and zipped up, she exchanged information with Tulip and retrieved her bags. Tulip rushed excitedly toward the house to tell Nis, and May headed toward Lady's airship.

May approached the ship, feeling good. Pia saw and recognized her right away, and the door sprang open. May took a deep breath and entered the airship.

Pia and Avaris greeted May in the kitchen, drinking tea. Pia stood at the counter, and Avaris sat at the kitchen table, looking tired.

"You're early," said May. She'd deposited all but one of her purchases from Crystal Cove in the cargo hold. She put the plain bag Miss Ebonie had given her on the counter while she washed her hands in the kitchen sink. "And I didn't see anything downstairs. You didn't find a bed?"

"We had an…incident," said Pia. May noticed the bandage on Avaris's wing. "And Yarrow called. He says we might get some new guests on Monday, and Nilbog Amphibious Airship is bringing his new ship to the dockyard today by three."

"Incident? What happened to your wing?" asked May.

Pia and Avaris took turns describing what had happened. There wasn't much to recount, so it was brief. While they talked, Avaris eyed the package that May had brought to the kitchen and gave May a questioning look when May caught her looking.

"How was your shopping?" asked Pia, starting the kettle to refill Avaris's tea and make May a cup. "Did you find those fuses you wanted?"

"I found everything I really needed," said May. She turned and pulled the plain box out of her bag. "And I have something for you." She handed Pia the box and exchanged an anxious glance with Avaris.

The radio on the bridge blared, signaling an incoming call. Pia set down the box and ran to answer it. Behind May, the kettle clicked. May poured fresh cups of tea for herself and Avaris.

"How's the landing reflex?" May asked, sitting down at the table with Avaris.

"Not resolved yet," yawned Avaris. "I'd rather not talk about it."

"Lady's back," Pia called into the kitchen doorway. "I'm gonna go open the cargo hold for her."

May rested her head on her hand and sighed, watching the door Pia had disappeared through.

"We'll get it to her," said Avaris, nudging May's arm. Avaris's hand was cold and clammy, but May didn't recoil. "Did the shop get the rust stains out?"

___

I didn't forget this time! My work weeks recently shifted, so I'm not off Thursdays anymore and it's easier forget. I restarted the art I'm working on, but I'll get it on here eventually. My new program will be practice only until I get the hang of it, and the practice will almost certainly be nudibranchs.

*017*2025-09-06 02:26

Good ideas. :3 I have many plans.

*018*2025-09-18 07:01

Part 121

Part 9

Lady loaded a pallet stacked with hover modules into the cargo hold.

"It's probably why she brought her ship," said Pia, sipping her tea. "We're stopping in Crossroad for another pallet of stuff."

"I thought so," said May. Her amber eyes fell on the box on the counter. Avaris couldn't take it anymore.

"Pia, you should open the box," said Avaris.

Pia blinked at Avaris and picked up the box. "What's in it?" She didn't wait for a reply and eased the lid off. In the sunlight from the kitchen skylight, Avaris could see a faint outline of the rust stains when Pia lifted the first blanket. The second, reconstructed by Miss Ebony, looked new, and the bleached-out patterns from the first were bright.

"Did you make these, Miss May?" asked Pia.

May told Pia where the blanket was from and what she and Avaris had been doing. Avaris knew most of what May told Pia, but one or two names were new. Avaris didn't have time to think about it before her landing reflex kicked in. She stiffened in her chair and clenched her kegel muscles. May placed a supportive hand over Avaris's, not pausing her conversation with Pia. Avaris was sure Pia could tell she was trying not to wet herself, but appreciated May's effort.

The urge eased, and Avaris breathed easier. Her stomach and bladder both felt full from drinking tea, but the latter was still nowhere near full enough.

"I'll tell you more over lunch if you like," said May. "Takeout from Hyachna's Shins at my place? I'll buy." Avaris couldn't tell how much Pia knew, but Pia accepted May's lunch offer. They extended it to Avaris.

"I'd love to, but I think I'll need a nap after today," said Avaris as Lady entered.

The airship left the business district of Crystal Cove and headed north to Crossroads. The town had a large scrapyard, where Lady would pick up another pallet of airship components. Lady and May discussed rare airship parts and began planning their trip to the Airship Expo.

"They finally set a date," Lady said. "Crystal Cove, same place, same time, except two weeks from tomorrow."

"I thought they were going to cancel it," said May, the radio's headphones down at her neck.

Avaris drifted in and out of the conversation, watching the scenery pass below. Lady had been outraged to hear about what happened to Avaris's flight feather, and Pia assured her that she and Avaris had filed a report at the medical station.

"I think it was one of those dumb touristy crystal sellers," Pia sniffed. She was letting Avaris lean on her. Avaris nodded along sleepily, having just finished her fifth cup of tea, and despite the caffeine, she could feel herself dozing off.

Avaris eased her Limpet down to the rocky beach. Unlike Saoirse before her, Avaris had thought about how she would enter the abandoned World Sleepers Facility. She'd bought a small inflatable boat and spent a weekend in Redwater Falls with Sinni, learning to use it on the Great Inner Lake.

The jetty stones were uneven, and Avaris tried not to stumble. Before she knew it, the raft was inflated and ready. She floated on the water, bobbing on the waves and paddling against the wind, aware that she had to pee. Avaris knew on some level that this was another memory: once Avaris reached the crumbling dock, she would trip, scrape her knee, and piss herself. Avaris tried to focus her mind as the crumbling dock drifted closer. Part of her wanted it, but it wasn't time yet. She forced herself to wake up.

With momentous effort, Avaris sat up, clenched, and rode out another urge to pee. She was well past the point where she'd casually use a bathroom, but she needed to be ready to burst to resolve the reflex. Pia squeezed her shoulder. As the reflex waned, Avaris noticed the ship was descending.

"We're at Crossroads," Pia informed Avaris quietly. At the radio and pilot consoles, Lady expressed skepticism to May about using "flux capacitors," whatever those were, in older Amphibious airship models.

May accompanied Lady to the office when they arrived at the scrapyard with a list of airship parts the two hadn't found in Crystal Cove.

Pia knew that the scrapyard had some Limpet parts, and Avaris wanted to stretch her legs, so they set off through the scrapyard.

Dirt paths led through the piles of airship parts, forming a web that spiraled out from the office. Boatlike skeletons marked the Renoige section of the dockyard closest, and beyond it lay the abstract shapes of Haman ships. In the distance, three large Andyne ships sat in varying stages of deconstruction, visible above the organized chaos of the scrapyard.

The Haman section was by far the largest, and it didn't take Avaris and Pia long to get lost. Some airships were whole but worn, and one was almost new, except for a jagged hole in the side exposing both floors. Somewhere unseen, a rhythmic mechanical pounding shook the ground. The breezes kicked up dust, and the smells of decay, metal, vegetation, and the various airship-related fluids permeated the air, tickling Avaris's nose.

"We should go back," said Avaris. "I don't want to start coughing or sneezing out here. I think I'm..." She paused when Pia turned to look at her. "I'm ready." The embarrassment warmed her cheeks through the exhaustion and anticipation.

"We're almost there," said Pia. "Is there anything you need for your Limpet? I could look for you and catch up with you on the way back."

Avaris shook her head. "Thanks, but I don't need any parts or anything. I'm just trying to stay awake." Even if the reflex didn't resolve, Avaris looked forward to sleep.

"Do you need anything else? Water? Wipes?" Pia glanced around at a fork in the path. Avaris didn't know which direction to take, and neither did Pia.

The medication and kegel exercises Avaris had been taking were helping: she was shocked that she could stand upright and walk without leaking. "Directions, maybe?" She laughed, carefully not putting pressure on her bladder.

"That would be nice," said Pia, blushing. The dusty path was packed and didn't take footprints, and Avaris recognized both paths. They'd looped around during their walk, though, so Avaris recognized most of their surroundings.

The low static began in Avaris's feet. She looked around and found a small trail. She'd eyed it when they'd first passed, thinking it looked like a nice private spot. Avaris retreated down the trail, trying not to stagger.

"Where are you-...is it time?" Pia asked, hurrying after Avaris.

Avaris gasped, "Yeah." Knowing relief was so close only made her more desperate. She only needed to hold it until the reflex took over, and it would soon. The path led to a small clearing shaded by overgrown avaris trees growing in the basin between two hills. The trees shaded the area, growing up through the skeleton of an old airship. Avaris wanted to sit or lean on something, but there wasn't time. She shuffled into the middle of the clearing, raising her skirt with one hand and pulling aside her protective with the other. She relaxed, letting the urge take hold.

"There you are," said Lady's voice. Avaris jumped and promptly flooded the ground with an inelegant grunt. "Oh." Lady stopped and stood next to Pia, staring. "Just a sec." She turned and sprinted up the path.

"Is it working?" Pia asked, leaning close enough to catch stray droplets until the flow steadied into a narrow, pressurized stream arcing over the dampened dirt.

Avaris nodded and moaned, "Yeah."

Lady returned as Pia stepped back, waving shyly. Avaris waved back. "What do you need, Lady?" she breathed.

"Should I leave until you're...eh...finished?" Lady's eyes were wide. "Or may I stay?"

"If you don't badmouth Yarrow, you can stay," said Avaris.

Lady smiled. "It's that important to you? Are you and he..." She paused. "Rendezvous friends? Or a couple?" Avaris wanted to laugh but didn't want to be rude to Lady, and her overstretched abdominal muscles hurt too much for it anyway.

It was Pia who spoke up, snorting. "Lady, Yarrow's gay."

"Is he?" asked Lady.

Pia hesitated. "Well...he's not into women, anyway. He's with Cyan," said Pia. Avaris relaxed and let her take over the conversation. Lady looked questioningly at her. "Cyan's my sibling." That was how Pia had been explaining Cyan's arrival. Avaris thought she sounded convincing, but Avaris had never had siblings either.

"You have a sibling?" Lady seemed mesmerized by Avaris's steady stream. Avaris was too exhausted to be embarrassed, and she liked Lady, aside from how she frequently ragged on Yarrow.

"The blue kid?" Pia replied, "You met them at the Foxfire festival?"

"Oh, that tall one," said Lady. "Sorry. I'm not good with names."

Avaris's urine slowed to an abrupt stop. She dropped her skirt before pulling the protective discreetly back into place underneath.

"Gee whiz! Literally," Lady laughed breathlessly to Avaris. "You must feel better after that. I have a favor to ask-"

"You can watch again if you're nice to Yarrow," sighed Avaris, trying not to yawn.

Lady brightened. "I will certainly take you up on that, but that's not why I followed you here. I wanted to ask if you could return to the ship and tell May to meet me in the Renoige sector. There's a component she's been looking for since last fall in one of the scrapped vessels. Tell her to bring her toolkit."

Lady winked at Avaris from the ground as Pia piloted the scrapyard's hover raft away, but she made no other sign that she'd just watched Avaris drain her bladder on the ground. Avaris leaned against the railing, shifted slightly into what she thought was a stealthy pose, and released into the protective. The flow whizzed and splashed, hot against her groin until the foam protective wicked it away.

"I didn't think you'd finished yet," Pia commented. "Are you double-voiding like Azri tells everyone to?"

"That, and...stage fright, I guess? Lady was really um..."

Pia blushed but smiled. "She was into it. Are you okay with it?" Lady's ship was a black oblong on the edge of the scrapyard.

Avaris nodded. "Yeah. I don't know if she'll do anything about it, but maybe she'll let up on Yarrow."

Pia helped Avaris down from the raft, and they approached Lady's ship. She could tell that Avaris felt much better; she gave relieved little moans when she thought Pia wasn't listening. She stopped in front of the door after Pia stepped up.

"Need help?" The step wasn't high, but Pia held out a hand.

Avaris bent her knees, stretched her wings, and let out a jet of pee into the protective while making eye contact with Pia. The relaxed smile on her face made Pia's heart flutter.

Pia relayed Lady's message to May while Avaris went into the bathroom.

"Did she uh..." May asked outside the ship. She stopped, collected herself, and took on an almost professional tone from her flight instructor days. "Did she resolve her landing reflex?"

Pia nodded, feeling her face heat up. "Heads up, Lady was there. She might mention it. Sorry about that."

May left, and Pia helped Avaris put the foam from her "protective" in the wash. Despite how much Avaris had let out into it, the material didn't sag or drip in the washer before Pia turned it on. A quick rinse and spin cycle left the foam feeling dry and light. It only took fifteen minutes, and once Avaris had put it back on, Pia directed her to one of the guest bedrooms, where she slept for the next two and a half hours.

___

I didn't think it would happen this way, but it did. I attached the map; the fonts are all different from my old software, which means I'll have to do some major modifications on the map. The partial-opacity blue is underground passage and cavities used by Amphibious and Aquatic inhabitants of the continent. "Sietches" in Arridamorte are mostly or fully underwater settlements, whereas "weems" have significant areas of the habitat that aren't submerged.

&&

*019*2025-09-27 07:01

It's the Chapter 7 pic! Only a month late and I titled it "ch8." Whoops.

UPDATE: Added a revised file. Thank you to Orange Clippy for their help with suggestions and encouragement!

&&

*021*2025-09-27 09:31

Thanks!

*022*2025-10-02 17:20

Part 122

Part 10

"Three oinkers wearing pants, plate of hot air, basket of Grandma's breakfast, and change the bull to a gill, got it," said Bellis, scribbling on the notepad. "Spice level?" Hyachna's Shins managed their spice level by stars: four for Miss Eneko, one for Pia, and two for a third order. Bellis ran through the order again to confirm.

Miss Eneko thanked Bellis, and they ended the call. Bellis slid off the tall stool at the front counter and brought the order to the kitchen.

Bellis was short and squat, with sleek, feathered blackbird wings and chest-length gold-brown hair in a loose ponytail. He wore his dishwashing apron around his waist over his new heather gray restaurant apron.

In the kitchen, a young Andyne woman with brown striped wren wings worked the grill while a young Grisderm woman cut vegetables. Their names were Erythronium, Eryth for short and no last name in the Andyne fashion, and Crina Dalca. They wore the same new heather gray aprons as Bellis, and Eryth took the order when Bellis held it out.

"Cree, Eryth, have either of you seen Helly?" said Bellis.

"She just pulled in," said Crina. She stood facing the back window, which looked out onto the courtyard between the restaurant and Bellis and Helly's home. The window was too high for Bellis to look through without a step ladder, so he crossed to the kitchen door. Their airship, an old pill-shaped Andyne runabout, hovered over the square of pavement. He caught movement at the back door.

"Have either of you seen Ish yet?" Bellis asked the other two.

"He's clocking in now," said Eryth. "Is he on the front?"

Bellis smiled. "Unless either of you want to be."

"Pass," Eryth and Crina chorused.

Bellis hung up his aprons and greeted Ish on his way out of the restaurant to meet Helly.

In one of the spare bedrooms of Lady’s airship, Avaris sat on the bed. Despite the all-black vessel being Hotblack Desiato's dream airship, the sheets and furnishings in the bedrooms were multicolored and mismatched. The sheets Avaris had slept on were pink with an intricate chintzy Andyne tulip pattern. The pillowcase was pastel green with a pink and yellow cartoon bear printed on the fabric. The pleasant dimness of the room muted the colors. Avaris lay back and closed her eyes.

"What happened to her hair?" Avaris knew the voice: young, female, and distressed. It hurt Avaris. It was her ex-best friend, Aalis. Avaris could tell she was dreaming, but she didn’t stop the memory from playing out.

"Miss, please-" said Dr. Tock softly. "I'm not telling you to leave, you just need to wa-"

Aalis snapped, "Let. Me. See. Her."

Avaris opened her eyes. "Aalis?" The room was bright, and a shadow stood over her.

"It’s Pia," corrected the shadow. Avaris's brain shifted into wakefulness, and her eyes acclimated to the brightened room. It was Pia. "We're here. May and Lady are taking your things into the shop."

Pia walked Avaris out of Lady's ship to the shop. Yarrow was on the radio when they entered.

"Miss Avaris," said Yarrow, concerned. May had told him about the incident in Crystal Cove, and Yarrow's eyes found the bandage. "How is your wing?"

"It's starting to get sore," sighed Avaris. "The doctor at the medical station gave me some pain meds for that, though."

Outside, Lady's ship preceded May's runabout into the air. Avaris caught the flash of alarm in Yarrow's eyes when he noticed May leaving. So did Pia.

"If your airship gets here before May, I can help you," said Pia. "Have you and Cy had lunch?"

Yarrow looked around, probably for Cyan, and didn't see them. "We ate with Miss...with Saoirse and Rabb."

Pia grinned, and Avaris felt the corners of her mouth quirk up at Yarrow foregoing his formalities. Avaris thought Pia might say something about it, but she didn't.

"Is that where Cy is?"

Yarrow nodded. "They're watching movies."

Pia looked behind Yarrow. To Avaris, it was piles and boxes of paper, but Pia was surprised. "How long have you been working?"

"About two hours. We stayed longer than I thought at Rabb's."

Pia snorted, "Only two hours? You're fast!"

"Thank you, Pia," said Yarrow, blushing with pride. "Do you think..." he suddenly seemed guilty. "Do you think Miss May would give me the day off once my ship gets here?"

"I can't say for sure, but probably," said Pia. "Ask. If not, she'll only expect you to work for another hour or two. You've gotten a lot done already."

Leaving some donuts from that morning for Yarrow and Cyan at the shop, Avaris departed the shop for her ship with Pia. The need to urinate was welling up again, and she was already thirsty again after so much caffeine. Pia carried Avaris's bags and paused to look back when they passed.

"That must be Yarrow's ship!" Pia announced as it flew over. She waved.

The door to Saoirse's cousin's airship opened. Saoirse emerged wearing a pink hoodie. She hurried over and took the bags from Pia, kissing Pia on the cheek. "Ooh, what've you got?"

"These are Avaris's things from Crystal Cove." She switched bags with Saoirse. "This one's mine. I got you some comfy sandals and saved you a donut." Saoirse kissed Pia again, this time on the mouth, and Pia kissed back.

"Should I wait for you to try them on?" asked Saoirse.

Pia shook her head. "Nah, you can model them for me later. Yarrow's ship is here. I need to walk Avi home and help with it."

Saoirse finally noticed Avaris, and her face turned red. "Oh, hi, Avi. How's the feather?" Saoirse's hazel-green eyes sharpened, and she sniffed the air. "Would you like to watch dumb sci-fi movies with us? I'll walk you home after."

Avaris's throat was dry, and she felt tired and dizzy. She accepted the invitation.

Yarrow's airship, a sleek Haman model called a "Limulus," lowered on the edge of the yard where Pia had indicated by waving. It towed a small Amphibious ship behind it. Saoirse helped Avaris into her cousin's airship while Pia headed over to meet the newcomer.

Miss Eneko, Mayra, or just "May" or "Miss May," walked into Hyachna's Shins at half past three in her work coveralls. Her hair and makeup were perfect, as usual.

"Miss May," said Helly, meeting Mayra at the counter. "Who's the third person?"

"Can you guess?" asked Mayra, pulling out her wallet to pay for the food.

Helianthus, Helly for short, leaned on the counter, thinking. She was Andyne and almost two meters tall - slightly shorter than Mayra. Her wings faded from yellow at the top to dark gray at the bottom, and her waist-length dark red hair sat in a loose plait over her shoulder. She had high cheekbones that made her vaguely resemble Avaris, but Helly's dark eyes were rounder, her face was ruddier, and her hair was wavy, while Avaris's was more curly. Helly's husband Bellis called her things like "elegant" and "willowy," and she loved him for it, but she thought she looked stretched and gangly. She mitigated this by wearing layered clothing and wore a puffy-sleeved pink shirt under her new apron.

"I'd say Azri at this time of day, but...Avaris," said Helly confidently. "And Bellis said that Azri and her two oldest stopped by to eat before the book fair started. Are you going?"

Mayra chewed her lip. "I need to get back to the dockyard. Where is it?"

"It's two streets over. If you want to pop over and say hi, I'll hold your food in the warmer here for a few minutes," Helly offered.

May strode around the block. She saw Zinda first, the second eldest of Azri's four adopted children. Zinda was fifteen and Amphibious. She almost looked human with her solid-colored beige skin and greenish-brown hair, except that her pale eyes seemed to glow in the sunlight. Like the other staff, Zinda wore a bright yellow book fair t-shirt. Zinda waved and walked over when she saw May.

"Hey, May. Looking for Mom?"

"Yes. Hi, Zinda," said May. "How's the book fair going?"

"Has books, is a fair," said Zinda, shrugging. "I'm mostly here for the volunteer discount. Mom's on the register in the tent in front of the plant shop."

May thanked Zinda and set off. She passed Azri's oldest, Della, on the way, who was busy helping someone find a book, but spared a smile and wave for May.

Azri stood at the register in a tented area full of books, cleaning her station with a napkin from Hyachna's Shins. She wasn't busy, so she walked around the folding table serving as her counter to greet May. Azri was short, being only chest height to May, and had dark teal skin and jaw-length dark green hair. She wore her book fair staff shirt over a pair of paint-spattered jeans.

"Did you get the blanket?" asked Azri.

May nodded. "Pia and I are going to talk about it over lunch from Hyachna's Shins. Helly told me you were here today." May filled Azri in on what had been happening and left less than five minutes later, planning to pick Azri up from the docks at five-fifteen.

"Belly? Hey, Bellis?" Helly popped her head into the bathroom, where Bellis stood shirtless, hopping restlessly from one foot to the other. "May's going to be here in a few minutes. What was it you wanted to ask her?"

Helly and Bellis were at the counter when May walked in. From his seat on the stool, Bellis wasted no time asking his question.

"Well...you could. It would be lovely, but you don't have to," said May.

"Who's going to be there?" asked Helly.

"Myself and Azri, for a start. Pia and Saoirse, possibly Cy and Yarrow, Avaris, and Saoirse's cousin might stop by, but she's not taking part."

Bellis nodded, crossing his legs. Helly put a gentle hand on his back, her fingers sliding between his feathers to brush the skin. "I'll plan for ten people."

May had to leave and excused herself, thanking Bellis, Helly, and Ish. Bellis was thankful: he was beginning to leak. A hot chill radiated from his straining bladder, and he gladly let Helly lead him outside through a side door while Ish served the next customer.

"Where are we going?" Bellis asked. Helly turned away from the back door and into an enclosed smoking area. Helly had parked their runabout slightly closer to the restaurant than usual, hiding the gate into the little fenced square.

The smoking area was a relic of the house and restaurant's former owners. No one working in the restaurant smoked, so the space served as a private outdoor sitting area. Various flowering bushes surrounded it, and the couple had installed a swinging bench.

Bellis sat on the bench while Helly quietly closed the gate. He fumbled with his pants on the way to the swinging bench, and once he had them open, he spurted a leak onto the seat and sat in it, sprinkling droplets on the ground. Watching, Helly took off her apron and dropped her pants. She slung them over the back of the bench and sat down beside Bellis, watching him struggle to hold it. Bellis looked her up and down for a long moment, his eyes lingering on her long legs and her neatly trimmed pubic hair.

"Are you waiting for an invitation?" Bellis tried to sound sultry, but it came out desperate, almost plaintive. He tried to change his tone: "If so, consider yourself invited."

"To the party in your pants?" Helly snorted, leaning in. She kissed him, her hand creeping into his lap. "Lean back."

Bellis leaned back on the bench, spreading his short legs and letting his wings brush the leaves behind the bench. Helly pulled back his pants, gripped his penis, and he released at last, letting it patter loudly on the ground. Helly made them sway gently on the swing.

"You've been holding it since...one o'clock yesterday?" Helly asked idly. Bellis nodded. After about ten seconds, he began feeling the relief and sighed. Helly's other hand explored his nipples and belly.

"Not so fast, Hels," Bellis said, squirming. He was swollen to about five centimeters, twitching and swelling further as Helly stimulated his right nipple.

"You can come now if you want," Helly whispered in Bellis's ear. "Just because we're trying doesn't mean you have to do it inside me every time, you silly, sexy man." She kissed Bellis's neck, and he moaned softly. His flow paused, and Helly got to work on him.

___

Sort of re-introducing Helly and Bellis. They weren't in Chib much, so here's a pic of them.

Update: Had trouble pasting, uploaded the PNG instead.

&&

*023*2025-10-17 04:02

Part 123

Part 11

The tall, orange-skinned Amphibious woman talking to Pia was the same one that Yarrow had met working the desk on the day he and Miss May visited the Nilbog Amphibious Airship hangar: Miss Aalis.

"Oh, you know, a friend from School," said the Amphibious clerk. She turned to Yarrow, her face lighting up as she recognized him. "Mr. Yarrow! How are you?"

The lady from Nilbog Amphibious Airship stayed for about half an hour to assist Yarrow and Pia in parking Yarrow's ship and hooking it up. She encouraged Yarrow to suggest the first spot he'd thought of: the overlook site, where he and Cyan had stood on the night of the festival. The site had a sweeping view of the valley, and if he found he didn't like it, Yarrow had a list of other sites he could move to. Hooking up water and power was easy, and before he knew it, he was back in the shop talking to Miss May. She carried a late lunch for herself, Pia, and Avaris from Hyachna's Shins. As Pia had suggested, Miss May gave Yarrow the remainder of the day off.

"Did you eat any of the food from the cupboard?" Miss May kept a stock of dehydrated, canned, and instant food in her runabout for emergencies. She'd asked him to write down what he ate so she could restock it later, but Yarrow hadn't eaten anything. Yarrow felt oddly proud at having resisted the temptation, but temptation from what? To do what? To eat? Yarrow pondered that while he packed up his makeshift campsite in the shop.

"So you're saying you're trying to make a good impression by...showing off how long you can pee?" asked Helly. She raised her leg, placing her foot on the bench next to Bellis. She angled her hips and pulled up her outer labia to aim the stream. It felt hot on Bellis's dick, swollen and throbbing and about seven centimeters long. He masturbated steadily, watching Helly's pussy. It was compact and petite, with a small clitoris and pink inner labia.

"Yeah," grunted Bellis. "We haven't done a..." He twisted on the bench, and Helly smirked fondly. Having been with Bellis for twelve years, he knew she could tell how close he was.

"We haven't. That's true," said Helly. She'd stopped urinating and lowered her foot to the ground, bending over her husband. Bellis's hand sped up, and she egged him on, lightly stimulating his nipples. "The sooner you blow, the sooner-"

Bellis came, pointed straight at Helly's breasts. After an initial half-hearted drip down his balls, Bellis jerked and shot a spurt across Helly's front, barely missing her hair. Helly flipped her hair back and waited until Bellis finished to inspect her shirt. There was a lot, but the subsequent eruptions stayed isolated to Bellis's clothes and underwear.

"Looks like we both need to change," Bellis panted.

"I said I'd bring in the groceries," said Helly. "My apron will cover this." Bellis watched her step into her pants, and he wiped the excess fluid off her shirt and onto his before she tied on her apron. Helly had been right: it covered the cum spatter almost neatly.

Bellis walked out of the smoking area behind Helly. He faced away from the restaurant, not indecent but hiding the fluids all over his clothes. Helly patted his butt and stepped toward the runabout to retrieve a box of groceries.

Yarrow spotted something blue when he stepped out of the runabout. Cyan met him by the incinerator.

"How was the movie?" Yarrow asked while they walked toward the overlook. He was excited to show Cyan his new home; the Limnulus had come fully furnished, which was good because all Yarrow had was his backpack and pillow.

"It was..." Cyan took a deep breath, opened their mouth, paused, and paused again, looking thoughtful. "Confusing. I'm going over to watch it again tomorrow, and Rabb promised to explain everything."

The two approached Yarrow's ship at the overlook five minutes later.

"It does look like a horseshoe crab," said Cyan. Yarrow had done all the standard first-time hookup tests on the Limulus, and the cover was up. The vessel was teardrop-shaped and rounded, almost Andyne in design, with oval windows, a covered outdoor "leisure deck" at the top. The cover was large, and when folded down over the stern, it completed its resemblance to a limulus. The outer hull's colors were light and efficient, pale green mountains at the bottom faded upward to lighter green mountains, and various hues of light blue in a wavy pattern for the sky. "Avi will need to take her walks somewhere else in the mornings," Cyan commented, stepping up onto the small dock.

"Didn't she almost fall off here?" Yarrow asked, pulling out his new key. The Limulus had a small front porch area, with folding brackets in the wall meant to hold planters or other such items.

"Yeah. The radio tower is the same distance from the Limpet, but it's not as fun to pee there," said Cyan.

Yarrow blushed, letting Cyan in ahead of him. "Speaking of that, did you do Miss Avaris's...treatment?" He chastised himself for the jealousy he felt toward Avaris; per his overachieving ways, Yarrow had read up on Avaris when he'd gotten the assignment to deliver her the paperwork revoking her name by his legal firm. He knew what had happened to her, and that Cyan's urine could heal sunburns and fade scars, but Yarrow wished he had an excuse for Cyan to pee on him every day. He blushed when he realized he'd thought that consciously.

*Well, you've only had sex with Cy multiple times,* the rebellious voice in the back of his mind piped up snarkily. *Why don't you ask?*

Yarrow stood in the open living room, watching Cyan inspect the kitchenette and flight console. "I peed a bit on a hand towel and put it on her scar. Speaking of which, walking this way made me need to pee, since we usually do it here." Cyan meant at the overlook. They passed the stairwell to the second floor and opened the bedroom door. Yarrow noticed Cyan fidgeting, pressing their legs together as they looked into the bedroom. The room was small and narrow, with cupboard shelving, a built-in desk, and a narrow bed under the window. Nilbog Amphibious Airship had put colorful geometrically-patterned sheets on the bed, and the bedside clock was embedded in the wall, blinking at 00:00.

"Is this the room you said I could sleep in?" asked Cyan, their face flushing violet as they turned to Yarrow. Yarrow nodded, feeling himself reddening as Cyan's expression lit up. They hugged Yarrow tightly, delighted. "I love it! And it's next to the bathroom!"

"You already sleep close to the bathroom at Pia's," said Yarrow, but he was smiling. He hadn't showered yet; he'd found that the shop's shower had hot water, but he'd slept so long that morning that he hadn't had time. He'd combed his hair as neatly as he could and rinsed his face in the shop sink, but he couldn't get rid of the slight, unruly waves in his post-sleep hair. Yarrow opened his mouth to say something about taking a shower, and Cyan plopped down on the bed, stretching their long limbs. 

Yarrow noticed that Cyan's crotch was a bit swollen under their skirt and tried not to look. Yarrow had left Rabb's ship because he knew she and Saoirse could tell how horny he was. And he'd needed to get back to work, Yarrow told himself firmly. It was one of the times he was grateful to have a small penis: it was easy to hide the erection under his layers of clothing. It had gradually subsided as Yarrow sorted and filed Miss Eneko's paperwork, but it hadn't gone away completely. It had been creeping back while he and Cyan walked.

"Well...yeah, but this is closer." Cyan got up from the bed. "Which is good, because I need a pee and you have something to take care of."

"What do I need to take care of?" asked Yarrow. He was too horny for difficult questions, and also too horny to be ashamed of it. Cyan pressed a thigh against the hardness under Yarrow's pants, and he felt something in Cyan's too. "Oh, that," Yarrow said, touching Cyan's chest.

"Would you like me to pee on you on the bed, or in the shower?" asked Cyan. "I'm about to start leaking."

Yarrow's heart pounded. He came to a quick decision. He still needed to test the washer and dryer after all.

Tulip finished packing up the prospecting gear and buttoned up the small airship before leaving it in the family hangar for the evening. When he entered the downstairs living area, Nis was there on the couch, listening to the radio while he worked on the flight suit's zipper with a pair of pliers. It had been too small for Nis; he was half a head taller than Tulip, and though the suit had been loose on that kid, Yarrow, Yarrow was only slightly taller than Tulip. Tulip had been surprised that Nis could squeeze into it.

Nis sat in his sleeping clothes with his hair pulled back into a tight ponytail to keep it out of his face. He wasn't wearing a bra, and probably wasn't wearing underwear. Tulip didn't look; he didn't need to. He'd known Nis for nearly twenty-one years, since their first day at George Avocados Elementary, and their relationship had even survived an ill-fated attempt at romance in their late teens.

"Eri's home," Nis yawned, looking up.

"I saw," said Tulip. He'd met his sister in the hangar connected to their house, waving to her while she parked her tiny but colorfully painted junker of a ship. Tulip's family had a lot of room: his father was a doctor, and his mother worked for the only Andyne family law firm in Arridamorte as a Senior Partner, usually working remotely from her home office. Their home was sprawling and almost brutalist, composed of boxy segments, built by a local airship designer decades before Tulip's family moved to Crystal Cove. "I got Miss Eneko to agree to flight lessons," Tulip blurted out.

"How much?" Nis sighed, trying to look nonchalant but turning blotchily red and pale. He didn't want to get his hopes up, Tulip realized.

"She didn't want to take payment, actually," said Tulip. "She said she'll teach safety and help you formulate workouts to strengthen your wings. She's not licensed, but she's given me some good tips and pointers, and I think she could help you."

Nis nodded slowly, his expression closing.

"I'll go with you," Tulip added hurriedly. "I'll get lunch for everyone at Eri's work." Tulip had been planning what he'd say to Nis for the last three hours, and none of it sounded as good as it had in his head while he'd rinsed and scrubbed their current mineral finds. He jumped when Nis put a hand on his shoulder.

"I'm not angry, Tulip. Just tired," said Nis, trying to smile. "I've been working on this stupid zipper for two and a half hours, and I have a headache. Thank you."

Nis ascended the stairs to the upper floor, holding the flight suit carefully.

"Where are you going?" asked Tulip curiously. Nis's usual response to a headache was to take a nap, but his room was on the opposite side of the basement, down a long hallway.

"This is your sister's flight suit," said Nis. "She called down that she was washing her work clothes, and I thought she might like to wash this suit."

Nis met Tulip's mother, Lilieae, in the kitchen on the way to the laundry room. She was making coffee, pulling equipment out of her full-service home coffee bar.

"Good afternoon, Nyssa," said Lili, pulling out a frother and flourishing it like a barista. "Would you like a coffee? What about Tulip?"

"Hi, Mom," said Nis tiredly. "It's Nis today." Nis had known Lili about as long as he'd known Tulip, and called Lili "Mom" about half the time. Nis already had three mothers, who'd moved north to Chocolate Smudge for work. They visited Tulip's family on certain holidays - there was more than enough room - and both families had been close since Tulip and Nis became friends.

Lili nodded and corrected herself: "Good afternoon, Nis. Would you like some coffee?" She looked like an older, feminine version of Tulip: she had the same coppery tan and heart-shaped face, the same almond-shaped eyes, and sleek dark hair, though hers was tinted blue where Tulip's was more brown. Used to working from home, she wore light, comfortable pajamas.

"If you don't mind making it, I'd like one," said Nis. "Tulip's in the shower, but he never says no to coffee."

"Are you going to the laundry room?" asked Lili. Nis nodded, holding up the sweaty flight suit for her to inspect. "Ooh, you fixed the zipper! Were you using this, Nis?"

Nis blushed warmly. "Yeah."

"I'm going into town tomorrow. Come with me! We can get food, and I'll get you measured for a flight suit that fits." Lili pushed down on the coffee grinder, and it whirred loudly. "While we're at it, when was the last time you got properly measured for a bra?"

___

A little late, but here's this week's chapter! 🙂

