Wetting in the supermarket

Author: apollo

*000*2017-04-13 19:03

So, Im writing this story in this section as it did not happen to me. It was a story told to me by my other half whilst in the mood and although she assurs me it was real, I cant be sure. Modes feel free to move it to another section if you feel it qualifies. As such I will tell it from a third party prospective as that is how it has always told to me. She has given permission as long as I keep it annoymous. At the time of this story she was in gher early 20s.

She had been at work all day, on placement at a local hospital as a student nurse. As was always the case, working the wards even as a student, did not allow for many breaks and once the shift had finished she followed her friends out of the doors as quickly as possible, paying no mind to her bladder.

She waved goodbye to her friends after a swift drink at a local pub and started making her way towards the local station. She had two options on the way home - get a train to a stop near to her flat, or head to the station in the middle of town. Despite her bladder telling her she may need the loo soon, she knew there were everyday essentials she needed and wanted to get them in town before getting home, so that she could relax for the evening.

She was quick to exit the train as it pulled into the station to avoid the usual crush at the doors and the ensuing pressure on her ever filling bladder, despite still being positive she had made the right decision to get the shopping now instead of going home to relieve herself before going back out. Besides, the shops always had toilets and although she had not seen them here before, they must be there right?

As she hurried through the supermarket doors and into the isles, she realised that maybe her need was worse than expected. It must have been that drink that did it. She headed for customer services to ask where the loos were. " Sorry madam" the lady behind the counter said, "we used to have some but they were always being vandalised so we had to shut them off to the public. There are some public loos in the middle of the main shopping street though". Imidiately knowing the loos in question were a hike in the wrong direction, she decided to hold it and get a taxi up the hill for the short drive home. After all, she didnt need much and it wasnt far to get to the rank and then home, There were always taxis there too.

It was about 3/4 of the way through the 'few needed items' that she knew she was in trouble. In order to hold it she was now unable to stand still when stationary, either descreetly dancing or hopping to contain the flood. It wasnt long though before she was done. "Just have to pay and then I can get going home", she told herself as she headed for the tills....... then she saw the queues. They were at least 6 people long at their worst (remember in the 90's there were no automatic checkouts)

Having no choice, she joined the queue that looked quickest. She chose poorly. As is always the case, the old lady at the front was taking her time, the mum with kids was trying to do two things at once, the lady two people in front had forgotten something and ran off to find it. The other lines were moving faster and she cursed her choice.

When she was 3rd in the queue things became critical.... She was now physically holding herself, the impending flood hammering at the 'gates'. Her fanny was throbbing with the pressure as she tried to stand patiently. The 1st in the queue collected the bags and headed off to the exit and she moved one step closer, but it was going to be too late, and she knew it. A small spurt escaped into her knickers between hopping from foot to foot. She immediately halted her movement, jamming her hand into her crotch in a feeble attempt to halt the flow. By the time it had slowed and stopped she could feel warm wetness between her thighs. She was positive from the way it felt that it would have left a stain. She couldnt afford to check though and the shock of failing to hold it all back had afforded her a temporary break. If only it had been enough....

As the person in front of her left the store leaving her at the head of the queue, she was on her limit. She managed to to say a pained hello to the lady at the till and started to pack the first bag......then it all went south.

As the first items came down the belt, she leaked again. Bravely stopping the flow, she added the shopping to her bag. Then she leaked again, and this time she felt a trickle run down her legs. Again she held off the full flood. A few more minor leaks saw the last item going into her bag as she forced her legs together. She could hold this.....

"That will be £16.30 please" said the lady at the counter. As she gritted her teeth and handed over the money, she couldnt hold it any more....

At first it was a trickle she felt going down one leg. Then it was a full on spurt. As the counter clerk counted her change she managed one more brief hold, knowing she could not move and that the stains on her uniform trousers would now be clear. Then the flood came - gushing into her underwear and down her legs. A faint hissing betrayed that she had now lost all control. Biting her bottom lip and crossing her legs she bent over slightly as her muscles allowed the onslaught of urine to run down her legs like rivers. Knowing she was now full on wetting herself in public, she blushed and held her legs together with no other option left to her.

"Here is your change ma'am" said the counter clerk, clearly not seeing what was going on beneath the counter in front of her. Surprised that the clerk had not noticed but sure the gasps coming from the queue confirmed some had, she feebly said "thanks" as the pee continued to snake down her legs. She reached out to collect the change being careful not to meet the gaze of anyone behind. As she looked down to put the coins into her purse, she could not help but notice the puddle that had collected underneath her.

"Shit" she muttered under her breath and quickly grabbed her shopping and headed for the exit - pee still slowly streaming down her legs. As she hurried into the outside air, the cold hit her and the last drops ran down her legs. Clocking that there were few people ouside the exit, she looked down at the damage - it was massive. Her trouser legs were glistening with wetness and had already started to cling to her skin. The stain spread outwards from her crotch to her pockets and then downwards, completely covering her front left leg where she had been standing cross-legged.

She could feel her cheeks flush with warmth as she felt embarassed, looking back at the train of pee she left leading through the exit to the store. Deciding that the incident was better left behind, she headed home with haste. She walked past the taxi rank, not wanting to risk the interior lights of the car betraying the evidence of her accident. Heading up the hill on foot she only passed a few padestrians, trying hard not to look at their faces. Did they see? She would never know.

After a short walk up the hill with cold soaked legs, she reached the door of her flat and went straight to her room to avoid her flatmates. There, she stripped off her soaked trousers and put on her dressing gown ready to head for a steaming hot bath. Later that night, she rang me on her phone to tell me of her accident. Knowing how much I loved such stories, she revelled in telling the tale and the excitement that followed down the other end of the line. "Did that excite you?", she asked. "Now its all over, its got me all hot" she said. "Maybe we could do this together some time?" She asked......

As said this was based on a true story that has been told to me many times by my other half and has been written with her consent.

Enjoy.

