A company visit from abroad

Author: Apan

*008*2022-12-01 17:54

Part 3

FINALLY they were done with their stupid questions! Not that it mattered now since they managed to use upp the whole remainder of the session and now me and Linda were supposed to sit in for yet another round before lunchtime. I had been praying for the Q&A to end quickly enough for me to run off to the bathroom before the upcoming rundown, but of course that wasn't to happen. It was already 11:30 and what little window in time there might have been had all but vanished.

Don't get me wrong; I had been looking forward to this day and getting to know the site and the people working here and all, but I was absolutely bursting to pee, not having had the opportunity to get to the toilet for the whole morning just because of that stupid card not working! I had been suffering in silence through three hours worth of presentation with my bladder steadily and heavily filling up, all the while trying not to let on how desperate I had become in front of all the staffers in the room.

I did manage to get through the first session by keeping it in merely with my muscles down there, but as the second session rolled around I honestly felt I had to move about in order not to piss myself, it was that bad! I had tried to stand still on occasion but I just had to move my legs about, occasionally pinching them together while as subtly as possible curtseying up and down in order to apply at least some pressure between my thighs, and I just prayed that no one would interpret my movements as anything other than me simply being tired from standing. Being desperate is bad enough, but letting others know it is beyond the pale. I think I got away with it though, as the staffers seemed to be absorbed by the actual presentation anyway.

But now I couldn't really hide it anymore, and I mustered enough courage to confide in my colleague my predicament:

"How long do you think this rundown will take, Linda? I'm seriously about to piss myself!"

"Well, we're supposed to have time for lunch" she replied, obviously somewhat bemused at my admission, "It shouldn't take that long. Will you be alright?"

"I honestly don't know," I reluctantly admitted, because my bladder was full to the point of actually hurting, clearly running out of space by now, "I'm absolutely bursting!"

I prepared to receive her key card and run off for a second attempt as I stood leaning against the front table while pressing my legs together bouncing up and down ever so slightly in order to try and ease my urge. It was embarrassing enough to own up my pitiful state to Linda but I simply had to try and get away before...

...the DC's and IM's entered the room. Damndamndamndamn! My chance was gone, for now. Linda was obviously concerned enough for me to suggest that I excuse myself and nip off to the toilet once we were out and about in the building for the guided tour we were supposed to get. I knew it made total sense even if I was very reluctant to admit my need to anyone, much less strangers, but by now I was approaching the point where an actual accident was imminent, and I don't need to tell you how devastating that would be!

But in order to even get that opportunity, we had to be taken on said tour, and as it just so happened, there was an ongoing server incident which somewhat derailed the attention of the staffers. It seemed that the rest of today's schedule would be a bit touch-and-go. I was worried as hell that I wouldn't get the chance to sneak off to the toilet soon. I just had to gauge the situation. I stood behind a chair, supporting myself on its backrest while trying to suppress my squirming while shyly uttering the question as casually as possible:

"Will there be time for a quick tour around the facilities?"

If they said no, I didn't know what the hell to do! I bit my lip in anticipation.

"Yeah, we are supposed to take you around the place during this briefing." Oh thank god!

"We'll have a quick lookaround after this if there's time left" WHAT DO YOU MEAN "IF"??

"Otherwise we'll have to squeeze that in later." No, nononono, not later, now!

"We have to prioritize that server issue that had the courtesy to welcome itself now of all times. Really sorry if we're a bit stressed out at the moment."

I stifled a groan while squeezing my legs together. I just hoped and prayed they would get this rundown over with quickly so we could finally set off to where I could naturally excuse myself. At least I could sit down for a moment, which meant I could press myself onto the chair in order to hold it in. At least, that's what I hoped. Immediately after sitting down I had to move about because if I was to sit still, it would come out, guaranteed! I looked down briefly at my light denim jeans and realized in horror just how very obvious it would be even if I merely leaked in them, not to mention had an actual accident!

Not only would I have to avoid a full-blown wetting, I couldn't even afford a minor spurt if I was to survive this! I thought back on getting dressed this morning and had been considering putting on a pair of black business pants I had with me but ended up going with these stupid tight jeans instead. At least those black pants wouldn't show off any minor leaks, I figured. Granted, the jeans went much better with my dark blue shirt but I was in no mood for finding out how a pair of visibly soaked jeans would go with it! I convinced myself that adults simply don't piss themselves, even though I couldn't shove away the realization that every bladder must have its upper limit, and the urine must go somewhere whenever that limit is reached...

###

Me and Linda sat down by the table while the guys commenced with their own presentation. I tried to concentrate on what they were saying but my ever-incresing desperation gave no quarter. I had to bounce my legs up and down as I sat all tensed up on the chair because once again I was certain I was going to start peeing if I sat still. I did everything I could to suppress my movements but everytime I ceased my leg bouncing or my squirming around, I immediately felt my sphincter starting to give way, about to let the massive load of urine through, with absolutely no regard for my pants still being firmly on and me not being nowhere near a toilet. It was an absolutely horrific feeling!

15 minutes in and the DC's continued taking their turns, but I was already beyond being able to follow them by now. I caught myself glancing towards the clock on the wall every minute, urging its hands to move faster. We still had no idea of how long this was going to take but I kept convincing myself that for every minute that went by, I was getting closer to the toilet and that every next minute would be the last. I hung on to that thought for dear life as I felt my bladder pulsating while my involuntary gyrating tried to persuade it to hold on for just a little bit more.

My mind was already slowly wandering down the hallway towards the stairwell and the toilets. Meanwhile, the guys trudged on with their presentation but that server incident kept getting in their way, slowing down their progress and derailing their attention. For every tiny disturbance, I realized that the malfunctioning server was slowly eating away on the promised tour and therefore devouring any tiny opportunity I'd have to escape to the toilet! I drew breath in between my teeth in frustration as I fanned my legs in and out in order to help my poor sphincter to hold back the oncoming flood.

"Excuse me, Not to stress you out or anything, but will there be time to take the tour around the site before lunch?"

Being so deep in concentration of holding it and counting down the seconds, I was slightly startled by Linda's sudden question. The DC currently talking immediately replied:

"Yeah, certainly, We have covered just about everything for now, haven't we?"

My heart was racing. I held my breath and bit my lip in anticipation for what his reply implicated. We were done. I was about to be released. My urine was about to be released. And into a toilet. I would make it, I wouldn't piss myself.

"I think so...", his colleague confirmed.

I stared at him while pressing my legs tightly together, chewing away on my lip, panting shallowly. Just say it! Just say that we are allowed to...

"...but weren't we supposed to..."

Nononono, you were not! You weren't supposed to anything! Please don't be supposed to!

"...yeah, we should probably also go through this so we don't forget it, don't you think?"

Oh no. Please no. It can wait, I can't!

"Right, we'll wrap it up with this final thing and then we'll take the tour if there's still time, alright?"

I groaned in absolute frustration as I rapidly bounced my legs up and down with my hands pressing down in my lap. Why are they dragging it out? Weren't you supposed to dedicate your time to us? Why can't you leave that server incident to some other staffers? You realize that not everyone has the luxury of not needing the toilet, right? You realize that there might be other potential incidents imminnent in your direct vicinity? But of course they didn't realize.

Why would they? No one had reminded them. I became more and more aware of the very real possibility that when they finally realized it, it would be by the sound of urine streaming down on the floor from my chair! I knew I was the only one in the room that had the power to prevent that. Still, I sat there, silently - I hoped - drumming my feet and desperately gripping my thighs, frustratingly praying for them to wrap up their talking, convincing myself that they were about to, constantly gauging the tone of their speech and the structure of their phrases, scanning for the tiniest token of every next sentence being the last.

###

But that last sentence seemed to never arrive. My bladder ached like nothing I've ever experienced, threatening by the second to push my inner contents through my exhausted urethra, only stopped from doing so by my sheer willpower and my twisting about on the chair. I knew I was powerless against the clock, and the vain hope for them to realize my need was nowhere close to saving me. We could be here for another minute or for the rest of the day, there was no telling. I knew the only thing left in order to gain even the slightest upper hand over the situation was to interrupt them and ask to be excused. There was nothing else for it, however utterly humiliating it was. I was going to piss myself if I didn't. I rehearsed it in my head, over and over again:

Can I go to the bathroom? Can I use the toilet please? I have to go the ladies, can I leave? Would it be ok to go to the toilet real quick? Can I please be excused? Why? Because I really need to go the bathroom! Can't you wait until we're done? No! I'm about to have an accident!!!

I could just as well have gone: 'Please sir, can I please go to the little girl's room? I'm going wee-wee in my knickers!' Damnit, why is this so hard! Adults don't ask to be excused! But then again, adults don't wet themselves either but somehow I had managed to get myself into a situation where I was about to. I felt a giant spasm, almost pushing my bladder's contents out from between my legs. I panicked and just about grabbed my crotch as my hands were already in its vicinity. I had to ask. Come what may, whatever words I'd stumble over that would let me out of this nightmare!

I carefully raised my right hand in front of me to get the attention of the DC upfront. Please see me, don't make me beg aloud like a silly schoolgirl! But he didn't see me, he was preoccupied with sorting something out on his computer together with his colleague at that very moment. I waited and waited, probably no longer than a few seconds but it felt like hours, and in tandem with my ever-incresing desperation, I felt my embarrassment follow suit. The longer I would sit with my arm raised like this, the more obvious my pressing need would become because why would I persist with having it raised if it wasn't an absolute emergency and IwasabouttoPISSMYPANTS! Oh god, another spasm! I had to twist my body momentarily to one side on the chair while pressing my thighs together.

"Yes?" he finally uttered as he noticed my hand. I prepared for the utter disgrace of having to ask the mean mean teacher to go potty before the little schoolgirl had an accident. I breathed in...

"...one moment, we'll get to your questions..."

He turned back to his computer. I almost fainted, having to press myself onto the chair once again. Clearly oblivious to my emergency, he continued:

"We just need to get through this. So, we've got this new customer..."

I honestly felt I didn't have even 'one moment' to spare, I had never been this desperate in my whole life! Should I beg? It became clearer by the second that I would have to, despite the humiliation. I pressed my thighs together so hard I was shaking, my bladder ached like absolute hell, the ocean inside me threatening to burst forth into my jeans any second. My heart beat like a hammer, I felt tears emerging in my eyes, I was so utterly distressed I was about to cry.

"Really sorry to interrupt, but are we about to wrap it up? It's approaching lunchtime and there's still that tour..."

Just as I was about to utter the most humiliating plea of my life in front of all these guys, Linda threw in the towel on my behalf. God bless my beautiful colleague! It was embarrassing enough that she obviously had realized my emergency and that I was at her mercy, but nowhere near as embarrassing as the thought of having to beg the guys in the room to interrupt so that I could run to the toilet.

"You're right.", the DC thankfully agreed, "We really need to get going if we're going to be able to take you around here"

Oh God, oh yes, thankyouthankyouthankyou!!!!

"We're more or less done with the customer overview for now, you will sit in for a more thorough overhaul tomorrow anyway." the other DC continued, "Let's take you for a walk around here now".

I was finally free, I almost couldn't believe it. I couldn't get to the toilet fast enough, but as I began to raise myself from my chair, I realized that any sudden movement would send ten cubic meters worth of urine straight out into my jeans with total abandon! I had to carefully measure my change in position as I rose to my feet, all the while pressing my legs so tightly together that I almost couldn't keep my balance. It hurt, it hurt so freaking much I couldn't believe it. Please subdue, please! Please give my poor sphincter and urethra one last chance to keep the ocean inside, just for a couple more minutes!

But it didn't subdue; instead a giant spasm pulsated through my lower body, almost pushing it all out with absolutely no regard for the fact that I was still nowhere near a toilet! I crossed my legs as hard I as I could while slightly bending down, horrifyingly realizing that for a moment, the only thing keeping my poor peehole shut was in fact my crossed legs. This meant I couldn't even move, much less run to the toilet! How could it be even possible to get this desperate?

What do people do if the are? Do they piss themselves after all? Do people actually piss themselves? No, not in office settings like this, especially not in other's offices. These things just don't happen, they just don't! Please tell me they don't! Please tell me that it is absolutely impossible for a grown woman to piss herself when she's all dressed up and standing in an office amongst colleagues, none of whom are showing even the slightest sign of needing a toilet themselves! Please tell me that life cannot be that unfair!

I stood like that for a few seconds holding my breath before the pain and urge subdued enough for me to start moving out of the room. I walked towards the door, barely able to stand up straight, with small, hurried steps, almost as if my feet were tied together, constantly rubbing my thighs together as they went back and forth in tandem with my steps. I grabbed Linda's arm as she stood right outside the door in the hallway:

"Please, your card, I have to get out there NOW!!", I managed to gasp out in panic.

"Here, do hurry!" she replied discreetly as she slipped me her card. I couldn't run, but goddamn it did I try. The best I could manage was an embarrassing braiding movement with my legs as fast as I possibly could down the hallway. Anyone who would have seen me would be left in no doubt that this girl was seconds from totally pissing herself. All the while that horrible feeling of my twisted legs being the only thing holding back the flood was rising by the second and as I finally reached the door to the stairs at the end of the hallway, I had to cross my legs again while bobbing up and down for the last few seconds before I could finally get my relief.

I swiped the card.

Red.

No.

I swiped it again. Legs crossed, bobbing up and down, pulse rate rising.

Red.

No, nononono, not this, not now, please.

My panic rose as I continued swiping it, ever tightening my crossed legs, but as with my own card earlier this morning, Linda's card wouldn't do anything but flash the red light on the lock terminal!

NO!! WORK, DAMNIT! PLEEEASE!!!! WHY IS THIS HAPPENING!!!!! WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS PLACE!!!

*012*2022-12-09 10:52

Part 4

There was nothing for it. I had to go back and get one of the staffers to open the door for me. I braced myself for the biggest humiliation of my life yet, having to beg them to take this stupid little girl to the toilet before she wet herself. I walked back up the hallway to where we had been, stepping carefully not to shake my rock hard bladder while grinding my thighs together, hardly even able to stand up straight because it hurt so much. I noticed one of the IM's, Jim, standing outside the meeting room together with a bunch of other guys I hadn't seen before. As I approached, I took a deep breath (as deep as my bladder allowed) to address my predicament...

"Rebecca, good, we've been joined by the account managers as you might see.", Jim announced and continued without pausing, "The DC's had to attend the server incident so we decided to split the group in half for a brief round right before lunch. Your colleague is off with a few of them together with Martin so let's go find a meeting room and get going"

With that he whisked the group to follow him down the hallway without delay. I couldn't believe it. I had to follow and somehow keep my composure AND keep my overflowing bladder shut for long enough to find a gap in their preoccupation and ask Jim for the toilet. I tried to keep up, walking hunched over in a waddling fashion, my steps somehow short, hurried and incredibly cautious at the same time. I had my arms tensed down my sides, splaying my fingers in immense concentration, and down there in my poor exhausted abdomen rested the single biggest body of liquid known to man, held back only by the ever dimishing strength of my sphincter and the auxiliary aid of my grinding thighs. Each hurried step down the hallway, however cautiously executed, jolted my bladder, constantly threatening to give up, pounding incessantly throughout my bottom half.

Finally, after probably no more than 10 or so seconds even though it felt like a lifetime, Jim led us out of the hallway and into the stairwell, announcing that we were going down one floor in order to claim an empty meeting room. And yes, you guessed it - in contrast to the other stairwell there were no toilets in this one. I limped down the steps as I did my best to support myself against the handrail. It ached, it hurt, it pulsated and I couldn't even breath properly anymore. If I could only catch up with them, catch the tiniest gap in their conversation and discreetly take Jim aside for just a second and have him guiding me to the nearest available bathroom...

Then we entered the hallway on the floor below and I immediately spotted something in a compartment right across from the entrance that simultaneously caused the most highly strung bliss and the direst of despairs, all in one single flash.

Bliss, because it was a toilet.

Despair, because in its opening was parked a cleaning trolley.

I couldn't believe my bad luck. In one single go, I had been thrown a lifeline and had it snatched away! And the guys kept on walking down the hallway, more or less laid out like the one above. By now I was living solely on the tiniest of hopes that I'd be able to get away and use that toilet once the cleaning lady was done. I just had to nudge Jim before we settled down in the meeting room and obliquely announce just a quick moment while I'm off before the meeting. Let it be that the toilet was being cleaned, it couldn't be more than a few minutes.

But I had to find that ever so brief opportunity first, and the guys kept on walking until Jim decided upon a meeting room almost at the end of the hallway. They all filed in with no intention to pause for even a second, so I had no choice but to follow along. Please Jim, just step aside, only for the briefest of moments, please! My heart rate increased as I felt my tiny tiny window rapidly close before me. Please no, Jim, don't walk off to the front of the room, please, let me get just one word in before we start, please Jim, pleaaaaseeee, I have to go to the toilet, I have to, I have to, I have to, I CAN'T HOLD IT ANY LONGER!!!!!!

###

But the very moment everyone including myself had entered the room, the site manager closed the door while Jim chatted away with one of the account managers at the other end of the table. I was trapped. And I was more desperate than I could ever have imagined possible.

"Right, so we'll have a brief rundown by the account managers of the respective customer", the site manager started, only briefly looking my way in order to confirm my acknowledge but blissfully unaware of my dire situation, "and then I'd like to take the opportunity to discuss with you all the plans for the application team to take over the responsibility of certain service management"

I wanted to discuss, I wanted to take part, I wanted to get involved in the discussions, but I had not one ounce of attention to spare any longer. My whole being was totally consumed by my otherworldly desperation. I nodded blankly in acknowledgement at his announcement, pursing my lips while standing behind one of the chairs around the table, turning from side to side with one leg bent over the other, hoping that no one would take note of my pitiful movements. Jim sat down near the front of the room, diagonally across from me, leaving me no hope of discreetly leaning in and put forth the request I needed more than I needed my next breath. My abdomen pulsated as urine relentlessly seemed to fill up every tiny crease and crevice inside my poor body. I swear it was substituting the blood in my veins by now. It felt like every next second would be the last before my bladder would execute the final fatal push, hosing down my straining jeans in warm, desperate piss!

And none of the guys in the room were any the wiser. I think I noticed one of the account managers do a brief double take as I shakingly sat down while pressing my poor legs together while steadying myself against the table in front of me, but if he did, he didn't say anything and my vision was too blurred from desperation to clearly notice. Everyone else was preoccupied with listening to one of the other AM's making his way through his customer portfolio. For each passing minute of me not saying anything despite my catastrophic emergency, I felt ever more embarrassed, both from being so helpless and desperate, but also from not daring to own up being so helpless and desperate. And all the while the urine kept inflating my already rock hard bladder like a tyre being pumped far beyond its pressure capacity with no telling of when it was going to blow.

The minutes ticked by, the AM kept talking. Against all odds, I kept leaning slightly to one side as discreetly as possible while rythmically clenching my thighs. Why couldn't Linda be here with me?! She would have spoken up by now, and even if she hadn't, I would have dared to. Just not being so totally alone would have dragged me up from my stupid mental block and have me announce my need by now! I baffled myself with the realization of how two girls amongst all these guys would equate the strength of Atlas supporting the world upon his shoulders whereas just one would barely compare to an ant trying to withstand a falling rock.

I was so helpless. I was so scared. I looked down on my pale tight jeans and imagined what it would look like when the massive onslaught of liquid suddenly burst into them, rapidly oozing through the fabric as it soaked its way upwards in my lap and down my legs. I imagined what it would feel like when my groin, buttocks and thighs suddenly became enshrouded in hot flowing piss inside my jeans, and the smell as it evaporated from the drenched fabric. I imagined the sound as it gushed out between my clenched legs and underneath my bottom pressing against the chair, and then as it ran down on the floor all around me, trickling and splashing into a growing lake.

I could imagine all this very vividly as it came straight from my memory bank, I must ashamedly admit. Still, the last time it happened was an eternity ago when I was still a mere teenager, and even then I don't remember being as desperate as this beforehand! And if this horriffic realization wasn't enough, I also imagined how everyone in the room would react as that stupid shy foreign girl was sitting in a meeting room, totally drenching her lower half in her own urine for no other reason than her being stupid and shy! And everyone would know about it, everyone would talk about it and everyone would laugh about it and no one would ever want to have anything to do with me ever again. For every next mental image, my heart beat faster and faster, cold sweat chilled my body and I came ever closer to burst out crying. I was so very very very scared! I can't piss myself! Not here! Not ever! Never ever ever!

###

I couldn't even keep track of the time any longer, the only clock I could comprehend of was the timer on the ticking bomb inside of me, and even then I had no clue what it read, only that it would reach zero very very soon. In hindsight it was maybe about 15 more minutes before the other AM took over and started his tirade. I nodded in shallow agreement whenever I felt I was being watched, constantly pressing my thighs together in a rythmic fashion while subtly writhing around on the seat in order to keep the massive ocean at bay. I was going to die on the battlefield bleeding to death if I didn't speak up now! Again I rehearsed it in my head:

Would it be alright to take just a quick break, not that I need a bathroom or anything but it would be really nice to stretch my legs? Could I just nip off to the bathroom real quick? Can I please go to the toilet? I really have to go to the toilet, can I leave? Please mister, this helpless little girl is gonna go potty in her big girl pants if you don't let her go!

Indeed, this little girl was going to go potty in her pants any second now, but it wasn't that I was helpless really, I was just so incredibly stupid and embarrassed and shy and I hated myself so much for not speaking up and I hated these guys so much even though they hadn't done anything apart from not recognizing my emergency which they of course didn't because I was too stupid and shy and embarrassed to speak up and I hated myself so very very very much I was about to cry!

My bladder hurt more than anything I had ever experienced in my whole life. Not even breaking my wrist in my teens was anything close to this! I tried the utmost to keep my movements to a minimum, but I had to keep writhing around, grinding my left and right thigh over the other alternately, tightly gripping the sides of the chair while lifting myself to ease the pressure on my abdomen. As I wasn't adressed directly at the moment, the others hadn't yet noticed my obvious discomfort.

Part of me was thankful they didn't, the other part prayed, begged and implored that they would so I could be released. My mind was in overdrive in trying to conjure up enough courage to speak up and request to leave for the toilet. But I didn't dare, not with the site manager present. But I knew I had to, but I couldn't, but I had to, but I couldn't! All the while, one part of my brain, the part dedicated to sheer stupidity, kept convincing me that it would only be a couple more minutes and that I could endure it...

###

But the next couple of minutes went by only to be followed by yet another couple of minutes of them still talking. And another. And another. I had to raise myself off of the chair as I felt the pressure increasing so much it would otherwise simply force it all out by the sheer mass of my upper body. I had no way of telling or even imagine how much there was left of the session, only that I was now unable to even sit properly with my buttocks resting on the seat, because if I did, it would happen! The situation was now fatal. The AM droned on. No ending in sight. I subtly hovered over the seat with my hands gripping the sides as I felt the urine literally having absolutely nowhere left to go! Oh God, I have to say something!!!!!!

Feeling so incredibly embarrassed, I hesitantly lifted my arm to gain the attention of anyone of them while leaning onto the other. But they were still caught up in discussion. My heart raced, my bladder was at its absolute maximum capacity, the strength of my sphincter fading, no means left to support it. And then, on top of all that I felt a deep surge through my abdomen. I pressed my knees and thighs together -

SSHHH

OH NO! OH GOD, THIS IS IT! I gasped in panic as my bladder had enough and forced out a spurt into my panties!!! I froze in the chair, sitting absolutely rock still, not daring to rest my half-hovering body onto the seat, feeling the slightest movement would unconditionally open the taps! I held my breath -

SSSHSHHHH

Please no, please no, please no!!!!!! Another burst, this time long enough to soak the light denim and possibly even the seat. I could even smell the warm urine as it started to soak upwards in my lap, all but evoking my traumatic teenage accident! I couldn't keep it together anymore, I felt a lump in my throat and tears emerging in my eyes. I - representing the application department of a multi-national corporation - was about to piss, and not into a toilet - into my tight jeans on a leather chair in an office in front of the management staff in a foreign country!!!!

"Something's wrong, miss?", the site manager asked, having finally noticed my distress.

I did everything I could not to let out a sob, but failed.

"....I....I have to go to the bathroom.... I'm sorry!"

"Well, we're almost through with this anyway, so.", he casually continued without even realizing what was about to happen!! "Now, we were discussing this just yesterday, about the application team taking over the responsibility..."

SSSSSHH

I could feel it forcing itself out around my butt, seeping into the tight fabric and pooling up on the seat!!!!!!

"IneedtogopleaseIreallyneedtogoI'msorrypleaseI-I-I-I'mhavinganaccident!!!!!!"

I totally panicked, not even waiting for a reaction before flying up from the chair and making a sprint out of the room in just a couple of seconds. I only made it outside the door though before the most massive surge of pain yet shot through my abdomen, causing me to halt, bending down and supporting myself against the glass wall. For a moment, even though it felt like an eternity, I couldn't move. The tiniest movement and I would release it all into my tight jeans. I flexed every single abdominal muscle I could possible summon, pressing my thighs together as if I was trying to crush someone's scull between them. It was absolutely horrible, realizing that I was caught between not being able to move and absolutely having to move but that it would force all this urine out of me in the process! I was so utterly helpless!!!

After said eternity, I actually managed to summon enough abdominal strength to try and make progress again. I started my way towards the restroom at the other end of the hallway, grinding my shaking thighs together in a scissoring manner, lumbering forward almost as if walking through syrup. I couldn't straighten myself up to even a half-decent position now, being in so much pain from the massive ocean of urine I was barely holding back. Oh good lord, please let me make it down the hallway! Please! And for the love of God, please please PLEEEEEASE DO NOT BE OCCUPIED!!!! I started to cry, both out of the devastating humiliation of being seen like this, and out of frustration at the mere thought of the toilet door not letting me through!

Amazingly, a few seconds later I had actually made it to the toilet compartment with no further spurts but now I felt my muscles giving up for good. I felt the urine about to enter through my exhausted sphincter, my hand and squeezed thighs being the only tools available to hold it back, meaning I had literally no time left! I reached out for the handle -

- Locked.

"NOOOOOOOOOO PLEEEEEEASEEEEE!!!!!!!!"

SSSSSHHH

Piss started overflowing through the denim and seep out between my fingers. This was it. This was how it was going to end. I would have a catastrophic accident in front of a locked toilet door after having so publicly and embarrassingly announced my dire desperation in front of my foreign colleagues. Everyone would see. Everyone would point. Everyone would talk amongst themselves about that foreign girl in tight faded jeans who pissed herself outside the toilet. I just wanted to die. I just wanted to never have existed. But my bladder didn't care one bit.

SSSH -

- Click

The poor guy probably didn't even know what hit him. The second - nay, millisecond - he unlocked and opened up the toilet door, I shoved him aside and dashed in with the determination of a kamikaze pilot, acting purely on reflex. The momentary shock of realizing the toilet had become free somehow paused my oncoming release for a second, but I was totally done for. As I fiddled with my jeans button and zipper for a couple of seconds while squeezing and twisting my legs together and bouncing up and down, I felt the enormous gusher resume with absolutely no strength left to cut it off. Just as I felt it filling up my panties, I managed to get them down together with my jeans in one go as I hovered over the toilet bowl for a second before finally landing on it. All the while, the involuntary gusher forcefully sprayed over the back of my jeans and the toilet seat before I managed to position myself the way it was intended.

And I pissed and pissed and pissed and pissed. It was gushing out of me with the force of ten firetrucks, loudly hissing, roaring, splashing and pouring into the toilet, almost as if it was being flushed. There was so much, and it was so powerful, and I was almost fainting from the gargantuan relief. It felt like having literal rocks excavated from my inside. And it just kept on coming, even after a minute I was still pissing full force with no sign of stopping. I couldn't believe the incredible volume I had been storing inside of me. Where had it all been? It just gushed on and on and on, perpetually granting me with the most blissful sensation of utter relief. Then finally, after yet another minute, it started to die down. Heaven's above!

Then the realization came; Had the guy delayed even for a few more seconds, all of this would have ended up in my jeans with me still on the other side of the locked door. All of it! I couldn't even begin to imagine neither the undescribable humiliation nor the equally undescribable ocean I would have created on the floor around me, not to mention how my poor jeans would look and feel! Eternally grateful doesn't even begin to descibe how I felt at that moment. This guy have no idea how close he was to totally ruin my whole life. I realize of course there was no evil intent on his part, but I was so very emotional from it all I couldn't help it.

###

I remained sitting after having finally emptied my aching bladder after all these hours of mercilessly gathering urine. The first thing I realized once zooming out was that I hadn't even closed the door, but the guy must have done it for me as he left the toilet. Thankfully no one had walked in on me yet, so I raised myself and reached over to lock it. I surveyed the damage done to my panties which were totally soaked, and my jeans which were damp in the crotch and around the ass, as well as bearing some sprinkled evidence of me not having fully gotten them out of the way before the gusher commenced, although that was mainly on the inside and more felt than seen.

It was absolutely nothing though, compared to what had been only seconds away. I was pondering about what to do now. My soaked panties would have to go, no doubt about that, but what about my jeans? Apart from bearing visible evidence of my emergency in the crotch and ever so slightly up the ass and down the inside of the thighs, they would simply be too damp to bear for the rest of the day.

Luckily I had that additional pair of pants with me for the trip but they were back at the hotel, meaning I would have to get back there before resuming the day. As I rallied in my head what to say to the managers in that room, I felt that horrible embarrassment creeping up on me again, but in the light of my newly acquired non-desperate state, it wasn't even close to as bad as it had been before. I pulled up my damp jeans and flushed, washed my hands and braced myself before turning the lock to open the door. The first thing I saw was Jim walking towards the compartment from the hallway.

"Rebecca! Are you alright? You looked really desperate, you must have been dying to go."

"Well... yes, I was", I replied, blushing badly, "I'm so very sorry, but I just had to run off then, it was an emergency." I stood with my back against the toilet door, praying that my damp crotch wouldn't be too obvious.

"I fully understand." he continued, "I know you two have had a fully packed morning and then there was that server incident amongst it all. Really sorry that we didn't think about making time for a break. I hope you're alright."

"It's okay, I should have said something before but I didn't want to interrupt. It's so stupid of me, I know."

"No worries, the main thing is that you made it without having an accident."

I blushed even more at those particular words. He continued:

"Anyway, it's approaching 1 PM so I suggest that you meet up with your colleague once she's done and go have your lunch, and then we'll reconvene in the reception at 2 PM, sounds like a plan?"

"It does. Thanks for understanding, by the way."

"Don't mention it. See you again later!"

"Just one thing, could you let me out the door? It seems that neither of our key cards are working."

"Sure, no problem. Just go down to the reception and they will take care of that for you. I know there have been some issues with the temporary cards"

As he held open the door to the stairwell, I scurried out, blurting out "Yeah, will do. Thanks! See you at 2 then", hoping that he wouldn't linger around long enough to eye the back of my jeans. I hurried down the stairs to the bottom floor and went out into the reception to grab my coat and report the malfunctioning cards. As I walked out on the street, I set off towards the hotel downtown, walking briskly in order to not waste too much time on my deviation. About ten minutes later, just as I approached the hotel, my phone buzzed. I picked it up and saw it was Linda.

Now, what the hell was I going to say?

*014*2022-12-09 17:14

{{54 minutes ago, JD0417 said:

Nice ending to part 4 but how much more is there to this story?

}}

That is all.

*018*2023-03-16 17:39

{{20 hours ago, WatchMeWiggle said:

I had to give this story a bump! It is the best content I have ever read!!!

}}

Why, thank you very much for the bump and the backslap! (Of course I don't agree with you, since she made it in the end)
