A company visit from abroad

Author: Apan

*001*2022-11-24 20:14

Part 2

"Linda! Could I please borrow your card?? I really need to nip off to the toilet before we start!"

My colleague whispered in a very anxious tone just before the second session was about to commence.

"What about your own card?", I enquired, "And didn't you go before this morning?"

"No, I didn't get the chance! My card wouldn't work! Please? It'll be but a minute, tops!"

"Right, but hurry up, will you!", I replied while handing over my own card, being somewhat irritated at Rebecca's stressed out behaviour at such an inappropriate time.

So she took my card and made her way towards the door, but there were several people gathered around the entrance of the room, making it nigh impossible for her to get through without causing a disturbance. As Rebecca stood and waited to be let out, all the while nervously biting her lip, someone mentioned aloud that the session was about to begin, and they weren't wrong. This casual but definite announcement prompted everyone to file into the room and take their seats. I saw Rebecca doing a slight curtsey looking quite frustrated. I assume she realized she couldn't leave now as everyone was expecting us to get on with the session. After all, this was their worktime being spent. As she stood by the door, she closed it and rejoined me at the front. I asked if she was alright to which she nodded.

We commenced with the presentation just like we had during the previous session and we put up our slides and made our way through the bullet points, passing the word back and forth between us. Whenever I wasn't concentrating on what to say, I noticed how distracted Rebecca had started to become. Whenever she had the word, she was stepping back and forth in a manner she hadn't displayed during the previous session. I started to feel a bit concerned about her discomfort caused by her rising need for the toilet. After all, if she had been needing to go even before the first session, I could imagine how pressing her need would be by now. She did manage to keep it together but as the first half of this the second session was about to wrap up, I was thinking about calling for a brief break, if only to send her off to the restroom.

But as we were about to move on to the second half of the presentation, during which we would talk about the specific routines regarding our internal tickets, Rebecca continued with her transition into the next part. I guess it must have felt kinda unnatural to interrupt herself in the midst of the talk, so I rolled with it and chipped in with my thoughts on the matter. After all, had it been an actual emergency, she would have excused herself. Thus, our session continued, some of the staffers clearly more interested than others. On one hand, I couldn't really blame those who weren't as this is not the most exciting part of working within IT, but on the other hand it's important that everyone is on board with how things are supposed to work.

As I was about to wrap up our second half before the concluding Q&A, I did notice Rebecca standing beside me, clearly restless and fanning one leg in and out with her hands behind her back. She made no effort to interrupt the proceedings though so I figured she was fine despite her nervous posture. Besides, we were nearing the end of the session anyway so there was no point in calling for a break at this stage. As we finished with the actual presentation and opened up for further questions, several hands flew up among the crowd in the room. It's always nice to see at least some interest in what you're doing, and there were indeed some intelligent insights and questions flying about between us.

All the same, I was starting to become more and more concerned for my colleague by this point because as she was interjecting in the conversation, she was keeping her wordings shorter and snappier than usual, clearly hinting of a desire to get out of there as soon as possible. The ambitious part of the group was in no hurry to wrap it up though so we had no choice but to uphold the session until the very end. Rebecca stood leaning with her hand on the table while twisting around, once again with one leg slightly bent over the other. I could almost sense her frustration as the clock neared half past 11, minute by minute.

Finally, the session ended and we could send the group on its way. Unfortunately for Rebecca, the two of us could not leave just yet as we were meeting up with a few of the higher-up staffers on the site for a brief rundown of the site localities. All in all, we were scheduled to be around on this site for two whole days, this being the first, and apart from this initial presentation before the desk workers, there were several meetings and other assemblies to squeeze into that tight timeframe during our visit.

###

As we were stuffing away the equipment at the front of the meeting room, Rebecca whispered in a clearly worried tone:

"How long do you think this rundown will take, Linda? I'm seriously about to piss myself!"

I was rather taken aback by my colleague's acute announcement. As I looked up at her from the snakepit of cables on the table, I saw her curtseying down with her knees bent over each other while supporting herself against the table. I realized that I definitely had underestimated her need.

"Well, we're supposed to get some time for lunch as well, so it shouldn't take too long. Will you be alright?"

"I honestly don't know, I've been needing to go all morning since I couldn't get out with my card earlier, and I'm absolutely bursting now!"

She sounded very concerned so I was about to lend her my card again and send her on her way, preparing an excuse for the slight delay for the staffers, but as if on cue, they entered the room at that very moment. I could see the frustration in Rebecca's eyes, but then I thought of something:

"This is a rundown of the site, you know", I whispered, "When we're taken on a tour around the building you have an excuse to nip off to a toilet on the way"

"Yeah... I guess", Rebecca replied somewhat hesitantly. I knew she was rather shy in general among people, especially unknown people, so outing her need was probably the last thing she would have wanted. Judging by her anxious manners though, it was sure to be climbing upwards on her list of priorities quite soon.

The group of staffers that joined us in the meeting room consisted of two incident managers (IM:s) and three delivery coordinators (DC:s), one from each service desk team. Upon entering the room and greeting me and my colleague, one of the DC:s immediately stressed how we would need to speed up proceedings somewhat. The already packed schedule had been somewhat disturbed by an ongoing major incident at one of the bigger customers, so these guys were needed elsewhere really. They did manage to make time for this briefing though, but it was clearly somewhat improvised due to the circumstances.

"Will there be time for a quick tour around the facilities?", Rebecca managed to shyly chirp in.

"Yeah, we were supposed to take you two around the place during this briefing. We'll have a quick lookaround after this if there's time left, otherwise we'll have to squeeze that in later. We have to prioritize a major server issue that had the courtesy to welcome itself now of all times. Really sorry if we're a bit stressed out at the moment."

Talking about squeeze, that's exactly how Rebecca's legs reacted to the reply, all the while writhing around on her heel while supporting herself against the backrest of the chair. She looked really worried by now, probably at the prospect of not being able to utilize the tour for naturally excusing herself.

Nonetheless, the two of us sat down at the meeting room table while one of the DC:s displayed yet another presentation on the projector screen, depicting the organization for this particular site and its relation to the other domestic sites around the country. Rebecca obviously had a hard time concentrating by now, sitting rigidly on the chair and bouncing her legs up and down while her gaze momentarily wandered off to the clock on the wall. The DC:s took their respective turn in presenting the roles and customers of the different service desk teams on the site, everyone of them trying to speed things along due to the aforementioned server incident that beckoned for attention. My desperate colleague was certainly welcoming this attempt to hurry things along, and not necessarily due to said incident. She was likely more concerned with avoiding a completely different kind of incident...

###

As the DC:s took their turns speaking, Rebecca sat upright on the chair, gripping the sides of the seat while squirming around like a corkscrew back and forth. I could tell she was doing everything to suppress her movements but anyone who paid any attention to her would be left in no doubt that they had a very desperate girl within their sight. Even though I was primarily paying attention to the DC:s and their service desk rundown, I couldn't help but wonder what went through her mind at that point. I imagined her being totally stressed out at the prospect of not being able to catch a break during our hectic schedule and what she would do about it. Those light stretch jeans would leave nothing to the imagination if she ended up not finding a toilet in time!

15 minutes passed. Luckily for her, sort of, the other guys in the room were preoccupied with their presentation as well as with the ongoing server incident behind the curtains. At any one time, several of them were simultaneously monitoring the proceedings on a couple of laptops on the side whenever they were not engaging in the presentation. The overall mood was a bit tense and scatterbrained and these guys obviously had enough on their hands and minds as it was, and in the midst of all this turmoil, my poor shy colleague was stuck with a bursting bladder. I could only imagine her internal struggle between trying to not show off her desperation while at the same time constantly probing for the slightest opportunity to request a bathroom break.

But no such opportunity reared itself. Another 15 minutes went by and the DC:s and IM:s in the room made perpetual attempts at keeping their presentation coherent but were constantly distracted by that damned incident, every now and then needing to interrupt their talking and address the issue in passing. Meanwhile, Rebecca continued her anxious corkscrewing on her chair, alternately fanning her legs in and out, and slowly grinding them together up and down.

Her movements started to evoke the memories of a girl in my class way back during my schooldays who actually ended up having an accident in class, the only wetting accident I've ever witnessed. She had repeatedly been denied a bathroom break and I remember seeing her squirming on the chair just minutes before the teacher was interrupted by a sound I can only describe as steadily increasing rain, accompanied by an anguished cry. The poor girl had wet herself only minutes before the class would end, and now I couldn't help but being reminded of it all by the sight of Rebecca's squirming. I was almost expecting the sound of liquid suddenly cascading from her chair as her bladder exploded into her tight jeans right there. Even though it felt totally alien that a grown woman would wet herself in any situation, let alone in a foreign office while being expected to act all professional, I was honestly beginning to sense a very real possibility. Oh, my poor colleague! I have to help her out!

"Excuse me", I chirped in, "Not to stress you out or anything, but will there still be time to take that tour around the site before lunchtime?". I made it sound as casual as possible while still trying to hurry things along. Asking for a break without asking for a break, if you like, since I didn't want to embarrass my colleague.

"Yeah, certainly", one of the DC's replied in passing before turning to his colleague, "We have covered just about everything for now, haven't we?"

I glanced at Rebecca who in turn stared intently at them in anticipation for the upcoming relief window about to open, sitting rigidly with her hands gripping the chair, her knees tightly held together while moving slightly from side to side.

"I think so..." the other DC replied in an uncertain manner while tapping on his laptop. Rebecca bit her lip and took a few panting breaths.

"...but weren't we supposed to..." he continued. Rebecca momentarily stopped moving as her eyes widened. "...yeah, we should probably go through this as well so we don't forget about it, don't you think?", he said to his colleague, pointing at his sceen. I caught Rebecca silently whisper "Please no..."

"Right, we'll wrap it up with this final thing and then we'll take that tour if there's still time, alright?"

I could almost feel Rebecca's frustration. If nothing else, I could definitely hear it in the form of a stifled groan as she realized we wouldn't be let out of the room just yet. On one hand, she would probably feel ridiculous asking for a break when there was just this final thing to go through, I know I would. On the other hand, there was no telling how long this "final thing" was going to last. Probably no more than a few extra minutes, but when you're absolutely bursting for the toilet, those extra minutes can mean the difference between life and drench.

Her legs were silently drumming up and down, her hands resting in her lap, if "resting" is the right word as she was very tensed up by now. The DC's did what they could to wrap up the whole thing, but it seemed that the server incident just wouldn't leave them alone. Apparenty it was serious enough for an onsite team having to be mobilized as it was all going on way off in another town a couple hundred kilometers away. The guys obviously had to prioritize the remote management and monitoring via mail, chat and telephone which left little attention for me and Rebbeca.

Suddenly I noticed her hand ascending, clearly trying to get the attention of the DC who was currently holding court. Again she reminded me of that girl in my class in her dire need for relief at the mercy of the stern teacher, and it felt almost surreal how Rebecca somehow ended up in a similar situation where she had to resort to acting like a little schoolgirl. But then again, what could she do if it stood between this and sitting there while piss rained from her chair?

None of the guys noticed her at first, the one holding court passing thoughts between him and the other one at the front while fiddling with the laptop upfront, the remainder gathered around their laptops on the side, one with a phone to his ear trying to get hold of the onsite technicians. The server issue was already a top priority affair, but it seemed it had brought a very important part of the customer's infrastructure to a standstill, meaning they simply had to get those onsite guys working on it or things would go to hell in a handbasket very soon. And in the midst of all this turmoil, Rebecca's had her own emergency going on, not necessarily about to bring any infrastructure to a standstill but it would definitely keep the cleaning staffer busy for a while, not to mention bringing one certain girl to utter devastation...

###

Rebecca sat rigidly with her arm half-raised for at least 15-20 seconds, gently twisting around on the chair while anxiously waiting for any of the staffers to recognize her. Then finally:

"Yes...", one of the DC's at the front threw a glance in Rebecca's direction. She lowered her hand, drew a breath and prepared to utter her request.

"...one moment and we'll get to your questions..." Rebecca whined and gripped the side of the chair again, "...just need to get through this", the DC continued. "So, we've got this new customer about to transition into our environment..."

I could have sworn I saw tears emerging in Rebecca's eyes. Just how desperate must she be if she was willing to interrupt them for a toilet break just before we were about to wrap it all up? Bit by bit, the whole scene was turning into a virtual reenactment of my schoolgirl memory. That girl had pissed herself just as the lesson was about to end, and now Rebbeca was sitting here, again just as the session is about to end! I almost panicked on behalf of my poor desperate colleague who by now was pinching her legs so tightly together she was almost shaking. I had to do something.

"Really sorry to interrupt, but are we about to wrap it up?", I interjected. "It's approaching lunchtime for us and there's still that tour..."

"You're absolutely right. Really sorry for the haphazard presentation, we really need to get going if we're going to be able to take you ladies around here."

"We were more or less done with the customer overview for now," his colleague continued, "and you will sit in for a more thorough overhaul tomorrow morning anyway, I believe. Let's wrap this up and take you for a walk around the localities".

As he packed away his laptop, I stood up, as did Rebecca, veeeeery carefully with her knees pressed together. As she was more or less standing, she suddenly twitched and crossed her legs really tight as if being hit by something inside, which she probably was. Oh my god must she be desperate! She held her breath for a couple of seconds before relaxing somewhat, althought still with her legs tightly held together as she supported herself against the backrest of the chair. We moved towards the exit of the room, eagerly awaiting the guys to get their stuff together and finally taking us on that confounded tour. As I stood by the door, Rebecca moved towards me in tiny steps, all the while keeping her thighs tightly together, grinding back and forth as she walked.

"Please, Linda..." she whispered, the panic all too obvious in her voice, "...your card, I have to get out NOW!!"

Acutely aware of her colossal emergency, I instantly handed over my card which she immediately grabbed and then she set off down the hallway, disappearing around the corner towards the exit. I saw from behind the back of her thighs scissoring around each other as she hobbled away, her light denim jeans tightened around her wiggling bottom in tandem with her movements. I almost expected the tight fabric to darken around the creases as she desperately tried to reach the toilet in time, which I sincerely hoped she would do.

As Rebecca vanished out of sight, Martin, one of the IM's, emerged from the room, clearly stressed out.

"Terribly sorry for all the commotion, but we need to shuffle things around a bit. The server incident is beckoning for our attention so we will have to postpone that site tour after all."

"That's ok by me" I responded, not really bothered about it anymore since Rebecca had managed to get her relief anyway.

Martin continued, "We just discussed how to proceed with today's program, as most of us need to attend the incident now. I suggest that before lunchtime - what is it now, about 20 past 12 - yeah, if you girls don't mind having your lunch at 1 PM, my suggestion is that you two split up, you will come with me and your colleague will go with Jim here, and we'll meet up with the account managers for the respective customers. That way we'll save some time in the proceedings. Again, terribly sorry for all the fuss, but we'll have to make the best of it."

"No problem, and I'm sure Rebecca won't mind either." I replied.

"Where is she, by the way?" he enquired.

"She's just off to the restroom, she'll be back in a minute."

"Alright then", he replied as a group of gentlemen joined us from the other direction in the hallway. Among them were the account managers with whom we were to have said rundown regarding the company customers.

"So here we have one of our beautiful application managers paying us a visit from afar", Martin announced with a gleam in his eye, "We just decided that we'll split up and Linda here will join one half of us and her colleague the other half. She'll be back in a moment, she's just off for a toilet break"

"Alright then, let's go find a meeting room and then we'll go through this before having a well-deserved lunch", one of the account managers replied. And with that I followed Martin together with three other guys from the newly arrived group.

###

About 40 minutes later we were done with the meeting for now and I went out in the hallway to look for Rebecca so we could reconvene for a belated lunch. Also, I realized she still had my entry card which meant I was trapped in here lest I hung onto someone else. I walked along the hallway past a few meeting rooms but no sign of my colleague, so I picked up my phone to check on her.

"Rebecca? I'm ready for lunch now, where are you?"

"Yeah... I'm really sorry, I'm on my way back to the hotel, but I'll hurry back, I promise!"

What the hell, I thought, noticing how she tried to cut the call short with her rushed speech. Our day was packed enough as it is, what was she doing detouring back to the hotel all of a sudden?

"Why are you going back to the hotel now?" I asked, slightly irritated.

"I need to... well... I've got to... get myself another pair of pants...."

"What?! Why?!!"

*007*2022-11-25 20:41

{{4 hours ago, FullBladder85 said:

A great read, I loved part 2 even more than part 1. I just wish that part #2 had included Rebecca trying desperately to get to the bathroom with Linda's card, only for it to it to also be rejected just as she starts peeing her pants.

}}

{{35 minutes ago, JD0417 said:

Is there gonna be a part 3?

}}

{{4 minutes ago, wether said:

Very good idea of telling the story from several points of view. Will there be the 3rd part told by Rebecca?

}}

Damn you all for cornering me! I mean, I feel compelled to reply but I also don't want to spoil anything. Let me put it this way: we are obviously not going to find out from Linda how it all turned out...

And as always, appreciate the appreciation, all of you!
