The Omo-Note

Author: animepee1234

*000*2023-04-16 01:27

The Omo-Note:

Hello everyone this is a story series I thought of, I thought “what if I replaced the idea of Death Note but made it Omorashi” so I made this, disclaimer: anyone who shares a name in this series is purely coincidence, names were just randomly written. ENJOY!!

Chapter 1:

It was a boring day like any other for Aidan Goodheart got up, got ready, took the bus to school, went to his classes, took the bus home, went to sleep, repeat, but his life was about to get a lot more interesting on this day.

Aidan was at his bus stop with his friend Troy Madison. Aidan looked up at the cloudy morning sky. He was thinking of the cute girl Tori that sits in front of him in class. Tori was a senior, black hair, C-cup, Aidan had had many fantasies about Tori.

“Fuck dude I’m tired as shiiit” Troy said, snapping Aidan out of his daze. He looked over to his friend Troy.

“Yea man” Aidan said in a shaky voice, the bus then began to pull up and came to a screeching stop. They stepped on and Aidan’s unusual journey was about to begin.

~~~

The end of the class bell rang, he got up and walked outside and sat on the bench, he put in his headphones and put his music on shuffle. As he sat back on the bench, the thought of Tori came back into his mind, her curves, her chest, just then a book fell and hit him on the head, snapping him out of it. He looked around to see if someone had thrown it, but no one was to be found.

He reached down and picked it up. It looked fancy, it was a black leather book cover. He turned it over to the front. The front read in gold lettering “Omo-Note”

“Omo-Note” Aidan thought to himself. He opened it up, the first page, and it read

Omo-Note rules:

1) Any person's name that is written in the Omo-Note will pee themselves within 5 minutes of the name being written.

2) You must have a clear picture in your mind if the person's name you wrote for the Omo-Note to take effect.

3)If you do not write a detailed description of what you wish to occur to the written person, the person will just pee themselves wherever they are 5 minutes after the name is written.

4) A person must be of at least 18 for the Omo-Note to affect them.

“What the hell is this?” Aidan said to himself. The bell for the next class rang. Aidan ran to his class, barely making it on time. He sat in his seat, which was right behind Tori. He looked at her, then the “Omo-Note”

He opened it up and clicked his pen, “there’s no way this works…right” he thought to himself. He wrote “Tori Rodriguez”. He looked up at the clock, it read 11:15.

“Okay, 11:20, then it should work” Aidan said to himself. The clock ticked slowly, the anticipation was killing Aidan.

11:14 hit. “A few more seconds” Aidan said, he looked at Tori and noticed she started crossing her legs. Aidan looked at the clock 20 seconds left. His heart began pounding.

“Come on. Only a few more seconds” Aidan thought. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1… Aidan looked at Tori.

Tori shot up, she gasped “shit shit” she said as her blue jean skirt began to darken, as pee puddled in her chair and poured onto the floor. Everyone looked over at Tori, her face turned bright red as tears formed in her eyes. As the last few dribbles of pee dropped out she got up and ran out of the class, the back of her skirt was drenched.

She ran out of the class. Aidan looked at the desk in front of him in aw by the puddle. He looked back at the journal that read “Omo-Note”.

“It actually works” Aidan thought to himself, smirking, “this is going to be fun” he said.

*003*2023-04-26 16:18

OMO-NOTE Chapter 2

Aidan's alarm sounded, he got up, got dressed, and grabbed “The Omo-Note” and headed to school. When he arrived, murmurs were still being heard about Tori's accident the other day.

“I can’t believe it actually worked” Aidan thought to himself, Aidan then remembered one of the rules, “If you do not write a detailed description of what you wish to occur to the written person, the person will just pee themselves wherever they are 5 minutes after the name is written”.

Aidan wanted to try this out, he looked around the halls, trying to find someone of interest, and he found not one but two. Rebekah Trenton, and Dani Light. Rebekah is about 5 foot 4, black hair, and C cup, Dani is around 5 foot 1, also has black hair, and is relatively flat. These two girls were hot, just thinking of them wetting themselves was making Aidan excited.

Aidan took out the notebook, “ I don’t see them in class until later” he thought for a minute and then wrote, “Rebekah Trenton, and Dani Light, will begin being desperate at…” he looked at his schedule and found the class he had with them and the time the class started “12:20 PM, they will begging to leak at 12:35, they will ask to go to the bathroom but the teacher, Mrs. Prenton, will refuse to let them go, at 12:45 they will both leak a large amount to be noticed and will ask again and will be allowed to go, they will arrive at the entrance of the bathroom at 12:47, and will see an ‘Under maintenance sign’ and will go into the boys bathroom, and fight over the one open stall available, one of them will go into the stall and wet themselves, the other will go to the urinal and attempt to take off their pants but won’t be quick enough and will wet themselves”.

Aidan looked at the clock “8:00 Am, this is gonna be an excruciating wait.

~~~

Finally, 12:15, class started, Aidan came into class and sat at a desk right next to the girls where he could have a perfect view of Rebekah and Dani. Rebekah and Dani were just talking and smiling unaware of what was coming their way.

“Okay at 12:45 they should leak and run to the bathroom, and I will follow suit and see this all for myself” Aidan thought to himself.

12:20 PM- In an instant you could see a difference, Dani started crossing her legs and Rebekah had one hand between her legs, but they tried acting like everything was fine. Though they were trying to be discreet, something was the matter with them.

As class went on, I glanced over at Dani and Rebekah every few seconds and saw the jiggling more and more and becoming increasingly desperate. Class went on and Dani and Rebekah now had both hands crammed between their legs holding their crotch, they both raised their hand.

Aidan looked at the clock, “12:35 right on the dot” he thought to himself

Mrs. Prenton turned around and looked at the two girls "Yes Rebekah and Dani” Mrs. Prenton said begrudgingly

“Can we go to the bathroom?” they both said in almost perfect Unicent, whale jiggling in their chairs, one hand still crammed between their legs.

“Wait to the end of the lesson” Mrs. Prenton said, the class exchanged giggles, and both of their faces began to glow red.

Each minute that passed they grew increasingly desperate, I heard a whispered conversation between the two

“I really have to go; I can’t hold it until the end of the lesson” Rebekah said

“I know I already leaked a bit” Dani said

“Me too” Rebekah said embarrassed

Aidan looked at the clock “12:43:55”

“Only a few more seconds and then they should leak” he thought to himself

The clock ticked slowly, each tick of the clock they were getting closer and closer to wetting themselves.

Dani bent over, crossed her legs tight and jammed both hands between her legs and Rebekah had both her hands on her crotch holding on for dear life, and just then the clock hit 12:45

A quiet *hsss* sound came from Rebekah, upon looking over a noticeable dark spot appeared on her blue jean shorts, Aidan looked at Dani only to hear another *hsss* come from her darkening the red gym shorts she was wearing.

“Shit I just leaked bad” Rebekah said looking down at her pants and seeing the dark spot

“I can’t hold hit much longer, but if I get up people are gonna see the dark spot on my crotch” Dani said

“Okay now's the time” Aidan thought to himself, Aidan raised his hand

“Yes Aiden” Mrs. Prenton said

“Can I please go to the bathroom”

“You may thank you for waiting till the end of the lesson unlike two others” Mrs. Prenton said while looking at Rebekah and Dani

Aidan walked out and waited outside the bathrooms, he checked the time “12:46… and noooow, 12:47”

Rebekah and Dani run out of the classroom holding their crotch tightly they run over to the entrance of the women restroom, and Rebekah had a bottle cap sized wet patch around her crotch and Dani leaked a bit more than that, they jumped up and down.

Aidan then slipped into the boy's bathroom, and listened

“No no, I’m gonna pee I'm gonna pee” Dani said

“Fuck it” Rebekah said running into the boy's bathroom

Dani followed her in, upon entering they saw only one stall and a urinal, Rebekah began rushing over to the stall but was grabbed by Dani.

“I’m going first” Dani said

“No no get out of the way Dani I’m gonna pee” they went back and forth, shoving each other, tussling, not noticing Aidan standing there, finally Dani rushed into the stall, trying to undo her shorts, she hopped from one foot to the other, then the dark spot grew.

“No no shit!” Dani said jamming both hands between her legs

“Hurry up Dani” Rebekah said jumping up and down as the spot on her jeans grew as a few dribbles hit the floor

Dani without untying her tight gyms shorts tried to force them down, jumping up and down while doing so, the dark spot got larger

“No no shit shit” Rebekah said “I can't hold it” Rebekah continued running to the urinal and attempting to unbutton her jeans.

“Come on unbutton, mmmmm” Rebekah groaned.

Rebekah then gasped, “No no no” she said, and the dark spot grew, and pee poured out from her jeans “Ahhhh ha ahh ah” Rebekah moaned as a puddled formed under her, and tears began falling down her cheeks

Aidan looked to Dani

“Fuck fuck, ahhh” Dani said with her short only down a little bit below the waist as pee erupted into her shorts soaking them

“AHhhhaahahaahhh” Dani moaned her face turning bright red as a puddle formed under her.

The sounds of pee hitting the ground sounded through the bathroom, as both Dani and Rebekahs pants got more and more soaked. Finally, the last drops hit the ground. They looked at each other and then at their soaked pants, they looked around, and still not seeing Aidan around the corner took a bunch of paper towels, pulled their shorts down and tried drying it to the best of their ability, but it was no use, the dark pee stains could not be hidden the pulled them back up

“What do we do” Dani said tears in her eyes

“I don’t know” Rebekah said her face beat red

“We need to run to the nurse's office before the period ends” Dani said

“Yea before anyone see–” Rebekah was cut off by the bell

They ran out and Aidan followed behind and as everyone in the classes walked out, they saw Dani and Rebekah in their wet, and they became the center of attention, they grew embarrassed and ran towards the nurse's office tears in their eyes and faced red from embarrassment.

“This is going to be fun” Aidan said smirking about the power he has at his hands

