In Space, No One Can Hear You Pee

Author: Axis

*000*2016-03-19 15:28

Chapter 1

10

“Relax, Aster. This is what you’ve been training for.”

9

“Just sit tight, you’ll home before you know it.”

8

“It’s very unlikely that the shuttle will explode.”

7

“You probably should have gone to the restroom before getting on but it’s too late now.”

6

“You’re going to make it back. Few people get to do what you’re about to.”

5

“Is it too late to change my mind…?”

4

“Can’t we like, add another minute?”

3

“I actually really need to pee…”

2

Aster clung tightly to the pilot seat, squeezing the arm rests as she winced and waited for the countdown to finish.

…1. Blast off!

Aster’s eyes widened as she felt an incredible force below her. She knew every detail about what was going on and yet she still felt unprepared. She had downed several glasses of water to that effect before coming out onto the launchpad, which were all spilling out into her million dollar spacesuit as the shuttle lifted off, careening up through the clouds and breaking through the atmosphere. As the shuttle left the Earth behind, Aster leaned forward a bit.

“Whoa…” she said, her eyes looking out into the vastness of outer space with wondrous fear and curious excitement. Her anxiety began to leave her as she gawked, loosening her iron grip on the arm rests. Sure, she had seen photographs, videos, even a VR demonstration, but nothing came close to the real thing.

Her childlike wonder was interrupted by a voice in her ear.

“Hey, um, Aster…you sort of left your comm on back there…” It was Ground Control, more specifically, Rosco Mann.

“Wait, so you…heard all that?” she said, her already rosy cheeks burning even more crimson.

“Yeah. We all did. And no, you can’t change your mind.” he said with a snicker in his voice.

“C-copy that…”

“Oh, lighten up.” said Mann, switching the commlink to just be between the two. "Anyway, you’re gonna enter into weightlessness right around now. We’ve got the piloting for you so why don’t you unbuckle and get used to it. Oh, and maybe change your clothes when you get the chance.”

Aster rolled her eyes, popping her helmet off and brushing her almond colored hair out of her face. She then got to work on the myriad of straps and latches keeping her strapped in. Once freed, she began to lift from her seat. She grabbed on to the seat and lifted, pushing herself towards the back of the shuttle. 'Gotta get my bearings…' she thought to herself, grabbing on to the handles scattered about the cabin to right herself, awkwardly maneuvering her way to her quarters. Once inside, she wrestled the rest of her hulking suit off, sighing at the sight of her liquid absorption pad, which had been given a lot to absorb.

“Not bad, Ash. You really did a number on it.” buzzed the voice in her ear. It was then that she remembered the security cameras.

“You creep!” She giggled, moving to block his view of her. “You’re such a jerk, Ross.” she said playfully. She and Rosco had been together since high school, and got engaged the day before launch, much to her surprise and joy. Aster removed her gloves, admiring the ruby ring he had given her, the gold band accentuating the gem perfectly. She sighed happily before disposing of the yellow stained pad and putting her wet shorts and panties in a receptacle to be cleaned, putting on a new pair of each and putting her suit in its proper place. She spent the next few hours floating about the craft, making sure everything was in order and making wedding plans with Rosco.

“Fine, your mother can come. Oh, and by the way, you’re past the edge of the solar system. Welcome to the Kuiper Belt.”

“Thanks, Ross. What’s my ETA to the planet?” she asked. She knew he liked it when she used her serious scientist voice…and vocabulary.

“It shouldn’t be long. In fact it should be coming riiiight into view.”

“Well, I don’t see it.”

“….you don’t?”

“Nope.”

“That’s strange. You sure you’re looking the right way?”

“Even if I wasn’t, there’s like nothing to see around here but stars.”

“Weird. Even if you’re not at Vitae yet you should be seeing some of the other planets in its system by now…not to mention their sun.”

“It’s dead out here. Were the calculations off?” Externally she was all business, but internally she was starting to worry. Aster did her best not to panic, and to ignore the growing pangs in her abdomen telling her it was time to pee.

“I don’t think so…let me check your trajectory….ah. You’re off by about….hold on…what in the hell?”

“Ross? Rosco wh-what is it?” she said, a worried look on her face.

“According to this you’re going the complete wrong way. Like you took a sharp turn.”

“I-I didn’t! I haven’t even been at the controls! I swear!” she said, clearly very distressed. Aster placed a hand between her legs to avoid another accident. This was way more important than relief right now.

“I know. We would have known if you did. Just try to calm down and we’ll figure this out.”

“A-alright…I trust you.”

Rosco smiled a bit, but he was just as worried as she was. There was nothing in the data, nothing anywhere explaining the sudden change in direction. It was like something was…pulling her…

“Aster! Get the hell out of there! Fire your emergency thrusters, fire everything!” he barked over the intercom.

“What!? Why, what’s going on!?” she yelled, her breathing bated as her heart started pumping faster.

“It’s a black hole!”

End Chapter 1

*002*2016-03-21 09:28

Chapter 2

Rosco Mann slammed his fist on the desk. “Dammit! I’ve lost contact…” Would this be the last he would ever see of her? Was she, right now, hurtling into oblivion because he wasn’t paying attention? All he could do now was hope…hope for her to come back.

On the shuttle, things were strangely calm. Well, the whole cabin was blaring, red alarms flashing everywhere, but Aster was strangely calm. As she drew closer to the gaping maw of the black hole, she took a deep breath. She knew the risks. She had gambled and lost. When death stares you in the face, there’s no value in worrying. She just hoped that her fiancee would be alright without her…

“I’m sorry, Ross…find someone to make you happy, happier than I ever could have made you…” she whispered, a tear rolling down her cheek as the craft began to groan, straining as it tried not to collapse. Aster sighed, wiping the droplet off her cheek. “At least it’s not a boring way to go…” she said to herself, closing her eyes as the groans became louder, it would only be a matter of time before the frame collapsed. Her bladder thought this was a good time to signal her again. “Oh shut up…” she muttered. Aster smiled a bit, proud that she had managed to hold it in all this time, considering the circumstances. She let out a sigh, relaxing in her chair and giving herself one final reward as warmth collected under her.

“There has to be _something_ we can do! Hidgens, Franklin, keep that satellite pointed at her! If we can get a signal then maybe…maybe…” Rosco put his head in his hands, sobbing. In his heart, he knew that she had been lost forever. Nothing was going to bring her back now…he had to accept that. “Goodbye, Aster…I’m so sorry.” he whispered.

Aster blinked a few times, looking around. The alarms had stopped, everything looked pretty normal. “Hm?” She looked behind her, up at the ceiling, and at all the instruments before her. “Everything seems…fine? Did I not die?” She took another look around, smiling and leaping out of her chair, which she wasn’t able to do due to being strapped in. Her fist still went up in the air according to plan, though. “Yes! I’m still alive! I’m alive and I…I peed myself.” Aster blushed, feeling herself to double check. Not that there was much chance she didn’t. "Oh well…not the first time today. I have bigger things to worry about right now. Time to reestablish some contact!…after a quick change.”

“C’mon, just one more.” Rosco slurred. The bartender shook his head. “Dick.” he muttered, stumbling out of bar. Once outside, he shivered a bit. It had been a cold December for Manhattan. The drunken, somewhat broken man looked up at the stars, holding back tears. Drowning his sorrows and regret seemed nigh impossible. It had been three long years since the incident, which were almost exclusively spent obsessing over trying to gain back what he had lost. Countless hours and dollars spent trying to locate her, to no avail. Rosco sighed and trudged home, stopping to water an alley on the way. He shut his apartment door behind him, collapsing onto his bed. Equations and algorithms fluttered into the air, floating gently down amongst their brothers. His cat mewed, jumping up onto the bed. He smiled a bit, rubbing it behind the ears. “Goodnight, Aster…”

Aster held on to the grips, keeping herself in place as she relieved herself normally for once. Emptied, she pulled up her sweatpants and got back to work. The craft had suffered minor damage, and she was doing her best to fix it herself. There were a couple of times when she almost lost her grip, but overall she hadn’t had many problems. Most of her time was spent trying to get a signal to Earth. The closer the shuttle got to her home planet, the better her chances of reestablishing communication. However, so far it had been deafening silence. “Such is space…” she said to herself, sitting back in the pilot’s chair and trying again. It reminded her of hunting shiny Pokémon when she was a kid. Okay, maybe she was in her twenties. Don’t judge her. “This is Aster…Mann.” she said, smiling a bit. “This is Aster Mann. Is anyone out there?”

Nothing.

“I repeat, is anyone out there?”

Silence.

Aster sighed and put her headset away. She wasn’t able to tell how far away from Earth she was, but she was pretty certain she was at least going the right way. There was always the threat of running out of food or water stores, which played on her anxiety along with everything else about this situation. 'Maybe astronaut wasn’t the best profession for someone like that', she thought.

“You’re asking us to blow millions of taxpayer dollars to fly you into a black hole. Have I got that right?”

“No sir, I’m asking you to blow millions of my dollars.” Rosco said, his eyes ablaze with determination. He had always been fairly wealthy, but it was still a huge project gathering up the funds needed. “Not to mention, I’ll be gathering data on it, and making sure it’s not a threat to the planet. You can’t tell me that’s not a worthy cause.”

“That I most certainly can, Mann. My heart goes out to you on what happened to your girlfriend, but…”

“Fiancee.”

The man glared at him before continuing. “…fiancee, but this is not a good use of anyone’s money. She’s gone, Mann.”

“You don’t…!” Rosco took a deep breath. “Sir, you don’t know that. And I have evidence to prove that she’s not.”

The man looked over the figures on his desk. “You’ve spent a lot of time on this, haven’t you…” he said, sighing and rubbing his temple. “…all right. You’ve got yourself a shuttle.”

Rosco’s eyes lit up. He quickly stood, shaking the man’s hand vigorously. “Thank you, thank you sir! You’re not going to regret this!”

The man scowled a bit. “Yes, I am.”

Rosco ignored him, leaving the room smiling for the first time in years. ‘I’m coming, Aster!’

End Chapter 2

*006*2016-03-31 21:44

{{:

When does this story take place?

}}

It's one of those like pseudo-future type things. Far enough to be more advanced but not so far to be totally different. I probably should have explained that...oh well.

I'm working on a third chapter, but school is kinda bogging me down so not sure how long its gonna be. Plus I'm working on some other omo projects.

