Camp of Despair

Author: Anonymus123

*000*2024-02-01 20:32

Jayden was finishing his shower when he heard his cell phone ring.

He came out of the bathroom with a towel loosely tied around his waist and answered the call, seeing that it was his friend Thiago.

— Hello?

— Hey, are you ready yet? —He heard Thiago's voice on the other end of the line.

— Almost, why?

— Why? Dude, I'm already going to your house. You're the only one missing.

— Really? Oh, sorry. I'll change quickly.

— I hope so.

Thiago hung up the call.

Jayden hurried to his room to put on his clothes.

A couple of months ago he, Thiago, Giovanni, Francis and Oliver (his friends) planned to go to camp for a whole weekend. They would leave on Friday morning and return on Sunday afternoon.

And finally the day had come. And Jayden was really excited about that camp. But, more than the excitement for the camp itself, he was excited because it would be his chance to spend time with Francis, his crush.

He had met him a couple of months ago, on Thiago's birthday, and for him it was love at first sight. But we're getting off topic.

Since Jayden knew they would be in the woods, and it was a cold time, it was best to bring a long-sleeved T-shirt, jeans, and boots.

As he finished putting on his boots, Jayden felt a small twinge in his bladder. He had to pee.

But when he tried to go to the bathroom, he heard a horn outside his house, followed by a shout

— Jayden, get out now or we'll leave you!

"I guess I can hold on" Jayden thought.

He grabbed his backpack, quickly checked that he didn't have anything left, and left his house.

He greeted his friends the moment he walked in and apologized for the delay. Thiago, who was the driver, didn't say anything and started the car.

The road was a bit long, but with the comments, stories, and teasing of his friends, Jayden was completely distracted from his urge to pee.

Somewhere along the way, Francis, who was next to Jayden, fell asleep, leaving his head resting on Jayden's shoulder. Jayden tensed slightly, and felt his cheeks blush when he heard his friends laugh.

Yes, his other friends knew of Jayden's crush on Francis. Although they couldn't blame him, Francis is attractive.

—Jayden, control your emotions —sneered Giovanni, who was the co-pilot.

—I don't know what you're talking about.

—Dude, you look like a tomato as red as you are —said Thiago, looking at him in the rearview mirror—. It's a miracle Francis hasn't noticed yet that you like him. I mean, you're too obvious.

—Oh, shut up, please.

The rest of the way they passed in silence. And that silence made Jayden aware of his need again. He was just thankful that they were already close to the place where they would be camping.

When they finally arrived at the camp, they took their things out of the trunk and began to settle in.

They had gotten two tents, one big and one a little smaller.

—Well, Giovanni, Oliver and I will sleep in the big tent —said Thiago—. Jayden and Francis will sleep in the smaller one, okay with you?

—Yes —said Giovanni and Oliver.

Jayden nodded in response and glanced sideways at Francis, waiting for his answer.

—It's okay, I don't have a problem —Francis said.

After that, the boys started pitching the tents and some went to get some branches for the campfire. Jayden being one of these.

As Jayden picked up a couple of branches, his bladder protested again. He knew that he had to urinate in the bushes or in a tree, since there were no toilets in the middle of the forest. Not wanting to have an accident in front of his friends, Jayden went to a tree and set his pile of branches aside. But as he was about to pull down his pants, he heard footsteps behind him.

—Oh, Jayden, I finally find you —he heard Francis behind him.

Jayden quickly grabbed his pile of branches and tried to act normally.

—Francis, what are you doing here? I thought you were with Thiago pitching the tents.

—We're done, and since you were taking a long time to get back, he sent for you.

—I don't think it took me that long.

—Not really, but you know how impatient Thiago is.

—Yeah.

—Hey, I was wondering if you'd like to take a walk around with me when you take the branches to camp?

—Just you and me?

—Yes. The others said they weren't in the mood.

—Okay.

—Cool, then let's go back to camp.

Jayden and Francis returned to camp. As Jayden set the branches down next to another pile, Francis picked up a bottle of water.

—Hey, guys, I'll go for a ride with Jayden —Francis said.

—Don't stray too far, it can be dangerous — Thiago advised.

—Okay, Mom.

—Mom? I don't remember giving birth to any of you.

Francis laughed and grabbed Jayden by the wrist, saying goodbye to the others as he walked into the woods with Jayden.

During the walk, Jayden couldn't have felt more restless. His urge to pee had worsened, but he didn't have the courage to tell Francis.

Talking to Francis momentarily distracted him from his need, but every time he thought he could handle it, a twinge reminded him again of his unfinished business. And seeing Francis drinking water all the time wasn't helping him at all.

At some point in the walk, Jayden stopped abruptly, feeling his bladder too full. Francis stopped and turned to look at him worriedly.

—Jayden, are you feeling alright?

—Yes, I just thought I heard something —he lied.

—Okay?

Francis kept walking, and Jayden tried to keep up with him. He walked around holding his crotch and from time to time stopped and resumed his usual composure, fearing that Francis would be suspicious.

However, when they were near a river, Jayden couldn't take it anymore. The sound of rushing water pushed him beyond his limits.

He stopped again as a stream of urine wet his pants. He stopped the flow for a moment, but it was too late. The stain could be seen on his jeans. And to make matters worse, Francis had turned around when he stopped hearing his footsteps.

—Jayden, what ha...? Oh my God.

—I... Eh...

Francis took a few steps toward Jayden, and Jayden backed away, not wanting Francis to see him that way. But Jayden stumbled and fell backwards.

—Are you ok? —Francis asked, wanting to help him up.

—Yes, I'm...

Before Jayden could finish speaking, his bladder began to empty. Jayden froze in shock, while Francis recoiled in stunning. A huge puddle of urine formed underneath Jayden.

When his bladder was empty, Jayden felt ashamed and humiliated, he lowered his head holding back the urge to cry. Of all the people who could see him, it had to be Francis, the boy he's been in love with for a long time, who saw him in that situation. Jayden just wanted the earth to swallow him. After that, I didn't know how I would look Francis in the face again.

Suddenly, Jayden heard something similar to water falling. He was absolutely sure that his bladder was empty, so it couldn't be him. That sound was followed by a low moan, catching Jayden's attention.

Looking up, he saw that Francis was covering part of his face with his hand, while the other was on his crotch. His legs were crossed and his pants were wet, while urine ran down his legs until it formed a puddle.

If Jayden had paid more attention to Francis' body language, he would have noticed that he needed to pee too.

Like Jayden, Francis needed to urinate, though not as urgently. But when he saw Jayden get wet, his body decided for him and released the contents of his bladder.

None of them knew what to say after that. Both were visibly embarrassed, not counting what they were going to do when they returned to the others.

Jayden was the first to break the silence and tension, laughing a little, making Francis laugh as well. Yes, the situation was embarrassing, but they also found it a bit comical.

When they stopped laughing, Francis helped Jayden to his feet.

— Hey, I won't lie to you, you looked a little cute with your red face —Francis said.

— Thanks? — Jayden blushed more.

— And... What will we say to others?

— They don't have to know.

— What are you talking about?

— Just follow me.

— Okay?

Jayden led Francis to the small river nearby. Francis followed Jayden to shore. He wasn't understanding the other.

Suddenly, Jayden pushed him into the water and then jumped in.

—Jayden, what the fuck? Do you want us to catch a cold?

—I didn't throw you away, you fell and I jumped in to help you.

—What?

—That's what we'll tell the others —Jayden stood up. All his clothes were stuck to his body—. Since we're completely soaked, they'll believe us.

—Oh, I understand now. But was it necessary to throw me like that? You could have told me.

—It's more fun that way —He splashed some water on him.

—Very funny. Help me up.

Jayden offered his hand, but Francis grabbed his arm and pulled him, causing Jayden to fall back into the water. Or rather, fall on top of Francis.

Jayden blushed and stood up awkwardly as Francis burst into laughter.

After a while they came out of the water, shivering a little from the cold, but nothing that a campfire and a change of clothes could not solve. They agreed not to tell the others about the small accident and went back to camp.

When they returned, they were surprised to see that their friends had different clothes than they had been wearing before and that their clothes were hanging on a makeshift clothesline.

— What happened? - Jayden asked.

— I could ask you the same thing —Thiago said—. You're completely soaked.

— Francis fell into a river and I jumped in to help him.

— Okay. Go change, it's cold and I'm not a doctor to take care of the sick.

— But you're our mother! — Jayden joked.

— Call me that one more time and I will leave you here.

— Oh, how sensitive.

— And what happened to you? —Francis asked—. I mean, your clothes are hanging on that clothesline.

— Oliver accidentally threw the water he had gone to collect from the nearby lake on us —Giovanni answered.

— Oh, okay.

Jayden and Francis went to change, leaving Oliver, Giovanni and Thiago to do what they were doing.

— They seem to have believed it —Oliver murmured.

— It's better this way —said Giovanni.

— Yes. And you know, not a word to anybody, —Thiago warned.

The other two nodded in approval.

