[Fallout: New Vegas] Cass's Whiskey Habit

Author: Ariose Toast

*000*2019-02-19 03:55

Shit, I’m really paying for that whiskey habit now, Cass thought.

“The Khans are no more than a group of thugs. Diplomacy is not going to be an option,” Cassandra Moore asserted, breaking Cass out of her thoughts. She had been stuck in this god-forsaken meeting deep in the bowels of Hoover Dam for what felt like an eternity. Moore and The Courier had been going back and forth over this and that and the Great Khans, with no end in sight.

“Trust me, I’ll find a way. We need all the help we can get for the next Battle of Hoover Dam.” The Courier responded.

Worst of all, all that whiskey she drank earlier? Went straight through her. Cass’s bladder had been filling rapidly as The Courier and Moore droned on about god knows what. Not that she was surprised, really. Whiskey always did that to her. And, well, after losing her caravan to raiders, she’d been drinking even more than usual. And as a result, peeing even more than usual.

###

Truth is, Cass was used to caravan trips up and down the Mojave, where taking a piss off the side of the road was a perfectly acceptable - and often the only – solution to a full bladder. She had gotten used to being able to stop and let loose whenever she felt the urge. Which was quite often, considering the amount of whiskey she drank daily. Cass swore she even annoyed some of her caravan guards with her frequent pit stops. But she still always got them in on time and paid them fairly, so they never complained about it to her face.

Traveling with The Courier had been a pretty big change for her. They spent a lot more time indoors and in settlements where pulling your pants down and popping a squat wasn’t exactly acceptable behavior. Add on to that the fact that there aren’t exactly a lot of public toilets around the wasteland and Cass had found herself desperate more often than she’d like to admit (One incident where she barely made it into Gomorrah to find a bathroom came to mind).

###

And here she was again, ready to piss herself in front of two of the most powerful people in the Mojave. Thinking about it over the last few minutes had only made it worse. She had to go, and she had to go now.

Fuck it, Cass thought, might as well keep whatever dignity I have left.

“I’ll … be right back,” she muttered, awkwardly making her way out of the room. Both The Courier and Moore gave her sideways glances, but they quickly decided getting back to their argument was more important than whatever Cass was up to.

Cass stepped out into the hallways of Hoover Dam, just glad to no longer be trapped in that meeting. Multiple hallways branched off in front of her, so she decided to head deeper into the dam, where she figured the barracks (and therefore toilets) would be located. As she walked, Cass could feel the pressure in her bladder telling her she was near her limit. She was glad she left when she did.

She soon made her way down a hallway where she ran across a soldier in NCR gear.

“Excuse me miss, but this area is off limits for civilians. I don’t know how you go down here, but you best make your way back up top.”

Cass swore under her breath. “Look, I’m just looking for a toilet, okay?”

The solider hesitated a bit, noticing Cass shifting around in place. “Sorry, but those are the rules, miss. The stairs back to the surface are just down the hall,” he said, pointing.

Cass was just about ready to cuss him out, but another pang from her bladder made her think twice about picking a fight right now.

“Fine,” she conceded gruffly, quickly making her way to the stairs. She climbed back up to the surface, each step sending a sharp urge through her aching bladder.

I’m about to fuckin’ piss myself, she thought. As the whiskey continued to make its way into her already strained bladder, Cass had long given up on preserving her dignity. She moved one hand down to hold herself, only to discover the strain from climbing the stairs had already caused her to leak. Maybe the elevator would’ve been a better idea.

Cass finally made it to the top of the stairs, just glad to have gotten that torture over with. She wasn’t done yet though, and she staggered towards the exit, not caring who saw her in such a pitiful state. As she made it outside, Cass glanced over at Hoover Dam itself, holding back gallons upon gallons of water.

“Place looks like how my bladder feels,” she muttered under her breath. Holding herself with both hands now, she stumbled across the ruined road. She had spotted a pair of boulders across the street, which would be, well, good enough considering the circumstances.

She crouched down behind the boulders, checking she was out of sight of any patrolling NCR troops. But right at that moment her bladder just couldn’t take anymore. She scrambled to get her pants off, but her stream had already started at full force, straight into her jeans. After a storm of curses, Cass finally got her pants down, and openly drained her bladder onto the ground. She soaked the Mojave sand with all the force of her full bladder, just as she had done so many times on caravan trips. It was a welcome feeling as the liquid rushed out of her, feeling the tension flowing out of every part of her body. What must have been several bottles worth of whiskey flowed out of her as Cass enjoyed the sensation of her muscles finally relaxing.

As the flood finally slowed to a trickle, Cass let out a sigh of relief. Her senses returning to her, Cass was able to inspect the damage she had done. The back of her pants were soaked from not getting them off in time, and it looked like she had sprayed them even further while lost in the ecstasy of release.

Cass had gotten into shit before, but she had no idea how to explain this one to the Courier. For the moment though, she just enjoyed the empty feeling inside of her and the massive puddle she had left in the sand, already evaporating in the Mojave heat.

Author's Note: Cass's line, "place looks like how my bladder feels" is an actual line from the game upon arriving at Hoover Dam with Cass as a companion! I was so surprised to hear it I had to look it up, but I guess it makes sense considering Cass's background (lol). Anyways, that line was what inspired me to write this.

*004*2019-02-21 05:56

@Who Cares?

Well, I've never really gotten a request before, but I'll keep that in mind New Vegas is also one of my all time favorites so I don't see why not! Now that you mention it though, I might already have a general idea of a story for Veronica (one that could potentially even involve Christine, though if I do that it may get a bit plot heavy lol). In the meantime though, I've done some female sole survivor content from Fallout 4 if you're interested as well.

