[Dota 2] Lina

Author: Ariose Toast

*000*2018-11-26 01:37

Lina stared intently down at the screen below her, watching as one by one, the Radiant and Dire heroes were selected for battle. Lina had already been picked by the Dire, so she sat in the waiting room as the rest of the heroes were chosen. While various heroes decided to make use of this time differently (such as the Axe practicing his swing in the corner, or the Ogre Magi staring off into space), you could always find Lina sitting in front of one of the display screens, analyzing the hero selections. Much to her dismay, the next hero selected was her rival sister, Rylai the Crystal Maiden. Rylai’s ice magic was the polar opposite of Lina’s pyromancy, and the two had feuded since they were children.

Looking up, Lina saw her sister materialize at the far end of the room, just as all heroes did after being selected. Rylai began walking in her direction and Lina immediately looked back down, pretending to focus on the matchups in front of her. Rylai returned the favor, walking straight past her sister without saying a word as she made her way into one of the restrooms directly behind Lina.

Her sister gone for the moment, Lina returned her focus to the screen in front of her. The enemy team had chosen Viper, which was going to cause some trouble for her if she was not careful. However, Lina didn’t have long to think about it as Crystal Maiden soon made her way out of the bathroom, interrupting Lina’s thoughts with a loud clunk of the door. As if Lina wasn’t already irritated enough, her sister finally decided to speak to her.

“Aren’t you gonna go before the match starts?” Rylai peeped at her sister. Lina knew Rylai was just trying to get on her nerves, but she couldn’t stop herself from responding.

“I’m not some puppy who has to be trained so she doesn’t pee herself,” Lina spat back.

“Suit yourself,” Rylai replied, her voice still upbeat as ever. Her constantly pleasant attitude stood in stark contrast with Lina’s fiery temper, which often just made Lina angrier.

Though now that it was brought to her attention, Lina did feel a slight pressure in her bladder. But after that exchange, her sister would never let her hear the end of it if she went to the toilet right now.

After all, she didn’t have to go badly anyways. The match would only last about an hour, and though some of the other female heroes complained about not having access to a bathroom during the match, Lina knew she was better than that. Her training as a fire mage including mastering control over her body. Lina confidently told herself that going now would have been a pleasant convenience for those who could not match her own willpower.

Soon the final heroes were chosen and Lina was warped out to the arena. She quickly purchased her items and headed straight for the mid lane, gliding silently above the ground as she always did. Soon, her opponent emerged from the shadows. As she had been anticipating, it was Viper standing across the river from her. No matter how much Lina had prepared strategically, this was going to be a tough matchup.

The first few minutes of the game went surprisingly well for Lina, and she was able to purchase a Bottle from the shop relatively early in the game. But as Viper began leveling up, his poison attacks slowly chipped away at Lina’s health. She managed to fend off the worst of attacks, though in doing so she blew a large chunk of her available mana. She soon was forced to take a swig from her Bottle, and the mysterious liquid inside worked to restore both health and mana. Viper continued to harass her though, and it didn’t take her long to drain the entire bottle. On her command, the animal courier hurried back to base, fetching a refill for Lina.

In order to keep up with the rapidly strengthening Viper, Lina decided to help out her teammates with a couple ganks. This strategy paid off, and Lina ended up earning kills or assists on several enemy heroes. But her success came at the cost of her own health, and Lina ended up draining her Bottle a second and third time. All that liquid was now sloshing around in her stomach, but Lina ignored it for the moment, not thinking about the fact that all that liquid would have to go somewhere later on.

###

By the 20-minute mark, Lina had established her presence in the game and was doing quite well. In the heat of battle, she had completely forgotten about needing to go, but that began to change as she started to feel a pressure in her lower abdomen. It had now increased to the point when she normally would have relieved herself, but right now she was stuck in the arena without a bathroom. There were still 40 minutes left in the match, but Lina proudly assured herself that she would be able to hold it as long as she needed to. Though she still found herself shifting her legs into a position that would ease the pressure just a little.

###

Lina continued to fight, as spirited as ever. Soon she began to push the bottom lane to keep the enemy team under pressure. But without warning, two enemy heroes leaped out of the jungle, one of them landing a stun before she could even react. Outnumbered and immobilized, Lina went down quickly. It was only her second death of the game, but Lina still cursed under her breath.

Immediately after her death, Lina was teleported back to the waiting room. As her body came down chaos of battle, Lina soon felt the urge to pee again, this time much more urgent. The bottles had begun to make her way through her and she shifted nervously at the feeling in her bladder. Glancing down at the display screen, Lina observed the clock sitting around the 30-minute mark. Lina figured there were still at least 20 minutes left the way the match was going. She refused to give up though, and adamantly decided she could hold it until the end.

After a short time, Lina was teleported back to respawn, where she saw the allied Drow Ranger purchasing items from the shop. Something seemed off about her though, and Lina soon noticed that Drow was discreetly holding a hand between her thighs as the shopkeeper retrieved her item. Sure enough, as Lina passed by, Drow squirmed and muttered a complaint under her breath about the lack of bathrooms in the arena. Lina wasn’t about to admit that she was having the same problem too, but she felt a pang of sympathy for her teammate anyways as she pressed her own hand between her legs.

###

After another 10 minutes all the liquid from her Bottle had hit her like a brick. She couldn’t keep still long enough to last hit and she got ganked again. This time, Lina was squirming and holding herself as she frantically waited to respawn. But in her stubbornness, Lina insisted that she could still hold on until the end of the match. If she couldn’t last hit, she’d just have to ambush the enemy in their own territory.

Once she respawned, Lina snuck across the river to the Radiant side. She still refused to admit it, but in her current state Lina was barely able to fight. Lina the Slayer didn’t exactly look intimidating with two hands between her crossed legs. But as determined as ever, Lina pressed on as the tension in her bladder consumed all her attention.

But even in her distracted state, Lina soon heard a voice as she crept through enemy territory.

“Too many healing salves…,” she heard a female voice mutter, sounding strangely exhausted. Lina instantly recognized the voice of her sister, and her mouth watered in anticipation of taking down her rival. As she crept closer, she heard her sister shuffling in place and then a faint trickling sound. This confused Lina, and she normally would act cautiously here, but just at that moment a dribble of pee had started to leak into her panties. Panicking at the thought of losing control, Lina rushed towards the source of the sound.

Lina flew around the corner, and to her great surprise, she saw Rylai squatting next to a tree, her eyes closed and a look of ecstasy on her face as she released a stream of urine onto the ground. Her ice-cold urine froze instantly as it hit the ground, creating a growing icy puddle beneath her. The sight made Lina desperate for the same relief, and she shoved both hands into her crotch, but it was no use. Lina collapsed onto her knees, soaking her fire-red skirt through her hands, her scalding urine creating another pool on the ground next to her sister’s. Losing control felt amazing as she finally let her body have the release she had been craving for so long. Her puddle soon met with her sister’s, creating a plume of steam at the interface where hot and cold met.

Lina had been so preoccupied with her own relief that she hadn’t noticed her sister had already finished and was staring straight at her, dumbfounded. In any other situation, the sisters would have thrown everything they had at each other in a flurry of fire and ice until one stood the victor. But for some reason, neither girl attacked. They both just sat there, surrounded by their own urine, the steam still rising between them. Perhaps the shared understanding of the other’s desperate situation had finally created some sympathy between the sisters. But no matter what the cause, by some unspoken agreement, they both silently got up and made their separate ways back into the battle.

As she made her way back to the Dire side, Lina felt that she should have been mad at herself for giving in to her body and failing to control her bladder. But she had to admit, letting go like that had been an absolutely liberating experience. The feeling of relaxation still spreading through her, Lina felt better than ever as she moved eagerly back into battle.

