A soggy plane trip

Author: Alex62

*000*2019-10-22 02:10

Jordan woke up very excited but also very late. Not only was it his 18th birthday but he was also going on a trip to Orlando with his 2 best friends, Jacob and Luke.

He quickly got ready and put on jeans and a shirt. As he was eating he heard Jacob and Luke pull up. He grabbed his bags, that he packed the night before and kissed his mom goodbye.

As he walked outside he waved to Jacob and Luke. While he got into the back he said “hi” to his friends. “Sup” they replied back.

During the ride Jordan realized he needed to pee. Just then he saw red lights ahead. No worries Jordan thought it’s not that bad. 10 minutes later Jordan need had increased a lot and he crossed his legs.

Noticing this his friends laughed and both said “Does the birthday boy need the potty?” Embarrassed Jordan replied “Shut up!” which made his friends laugh even harder.

Finally they got out of traffic but the traffic made them have to rush to catch there plane. As they got to the airport they had to rush to there plane. No worries Jordan thought he could go on the plane, surely he can make it till then.

Once on the plane they where told to take there seats for take off. Jordan did as he was told but he really had to pee. He took he seat and crossed his legs tightly, no way was he gonna pee his pants on his 18th birthday.

They took off but the polite came on over the speaker “We are experiencing rougher conditions then normal so for everyone safety please remain seated”. Jordan cussed under his breath as he watched the seatbelt light remain on, he really couldn’t hold it.

He squirmed in his seat and crossed and uncrossed his legs. Luke who was sitting next to him started to tease him “Geez Jordan your 18 not a little kid” and Jacob and Luke both laughed at this. Jordan however was not, he was to focused on holding his piss.

After what seemed like forever the polite came back on “Your free to move around the cabin”. Jordan shot up so fast he didn’t even uncross his legs first. His bladder didn’t expect the fast movement which caused him to leak hot piss into his Fruit of the Loom briefs. He had to grab himself and bend over to stop the flow.

Once he regained control he rushed to the bathroom. Unfortunately there was a big line. Jordan crosses his legs as he waited. As the line moved up one he felt another spurt of hot piss into his briefs.

Luckily it didn’t show on his jeans but the line was still big. Jordan thought “come on I have to make it, I can’t piss myself on a plane full of people and epically not today”. But as he thought this another spurt came out and this time it was longer.

He grabbed himself and when he stopped the flow he removed his hand. He gasped as he noticed a baseball size wet patch now on his jeans. He looked up and saw a little boy staring at him. He tugged on his mom and said “look mommy that boy is going to pee his pants!”

This made the guy in front of Jordan turn around and look at him. “ You should have said something, I can wait go ahead of me” the guy said. But as Jordan took a step another spurt escaped soaking his briefs even more and adding the the wet patch on his jeans. “I’ll piss myself if I move” Jordan told the guy and with that his body gave up as hot piss flooded out of him soaking his briefs and jeans.

It ran down his legs and pooped at his feet. All he could do was stand there as he pissed himself. After what felt like an hour his bladder was empty. Embarrassed he ran into the bathroom and as he was running he heard the little boy say “Mommy he peed himself!”.

As he got into the bathroom he looked at the damage. His jeans were completely soaked, he took off his jeans to look at his blue striped briefs. They look like just one color the were so soaked. How could he wet himself on his 18th birthday!

