AuthorFaust's Commissions Thread - Page 2

Author: AuthorFaust

*028*2018-09-04 01:53

{{6 minutes ago, Night Rain said:

How familiar are you with the Fate/Grand Order characters?

}}

Very familiar.

*030*2018-09-04 03:16

{{3 hours ago, Night Rain said:

Then you'd know of Helena Blavatsky? and what about the anime series called Senki Zesshou Symphogear?

}}

Faust has Np2 Helena Blavatsky, yes. Faust has no idea on the anime series though.

*032*2018-09-15 19:39

Hello Hello~ Long time, frequent See.

Faust has been kind of sickish lately, but Faust is still working on commissions, and taking them.

Speaking of, here's the latest one Faust has written (for @wetdiaperlover in fact) featuring D.Va From Overwatch! [Faust hasn't played the game, so be merciful]

Tags: Female Wetting, Diaper use, Lewdity, Lectures

=======

"And, another thing Hana..."

"Yeah, I get it... Daaaaaad." a modestly shaped girl lightly groaned, rolling her eyes and sipping at a glowing can of cola. Nano cola. For when you need that extra little boos-

"Darnit Hana, Don't plug your cola in the middle of my lecture!" her lecturer, an older man with a prominently red visor, a scar trailing down his chin, and greyed hair barked, as if sensing her intentions from her posture. "This is literally the fourth time this week we've had the others talking about your.... problem."

"It's not a problem, 76." the girl protested, glowering up at the older man. The girl's own modest curves were highlighted by a bright blue bodysuit that hugged her body snugly. All in all, a fashionable, chic look.....

If it wasn't for the copious, generous dark wet patch that trailed down her inner hips, and thighs. There was only realistic explanation for such a intricate wet patch....

"I'm pretty sure wetting yourself on every mission lately is cause enough for Concern, Hana." the older man snapped again, looking exasperated. "It's probably all that Soda you drink. I should get Angela..."

"Look, it's not a problem! I can handle myself just fine!" the girl quickly interjected, holding up her hands. "Nano Cola has no adverse side-effects! I just... It's such a pain to hold it lately..."

"Somehow, I doubt that.." the man quipped under his breath, already starting off. "I'm going to go talk to her anyways. You can't be too careful when it comes to these kind of things."

"It's not a 'Thing!'" the girl indignantly called out again, to no avail. He wasn't going to listen to her... He almost never did. "Stupid 76..."

He was always just so...stuffy, and strict. She was an adult, she could do what she wanted! And if that meant losing it in her MEKA, where naught but herself could witness the results, then so be it! Not that she was addicted to the sensation... No.. No, it was just bad timing, is all.

"I need another Cola."

She had a brand deal to keep up with, plus she was just plain thirsty. The girl peeled off her blue jumpsuit, stowing it in a laundry basket as she made her way along.

What was most annoying wasn't the lecture, or being treated like a kid... But the way 76 always called her 'Hana'. Her real name, sure... But, she was no mere person..

Former gaming pro, turned mech pilot, working for Overwatch... She was a Hero, dammit! And, given she managed her own mech, a giant, pinkish purple mechanized armored drone she called MEKA, it was her business what she did in it. And with that, she had her own name..

"It's D.Va, darnit.." she muttered under her breath as she pulled on some casual clothes.... moving about to work on it some more. A few parts needed retuning, and some scratches to buff out. Nothing she couldn't handle.

"Just hope Mercy doesn't overreact like he did..."

Mercy, or, Angela Ziegler as 76 referred to her, was both the team medic, and also the practitioner of medicine for their group. She had long blonde hair, and a white outfit....

But, when she went into battle, she turned from your typical Nurse, into a Valkyrie! Battling, while keeping them all in tip top shape! The way the wings on her suit lit up were pretty cool... At least the first few times D.va saw them. After a bit, they started to lose their luster....

"There was that one outfit she wore during Halloween.." the girl noted to herself with a bemused smirk, as she started to brush up her MEKA, amusing herself. "Well, I'm sure she'll just say it's nothing, and let me off with a clean bill of health."

About thirty minutes later, D.Va heard her voice over an intercom being called to the Nurse's station, prompting her to drop her wrench, and pace along confidently. Nothing, absolutely nothing could go wrong!

....

"What do you MEAN I have to wear a Diaper?!"

"Now Now, Don't raise your voice like that Hana.." The Nurse in question, Mercy, gently chided. "It's just a precaution: Not a permanent thing. We've been getting reports of your post-mission status, and..."

"You think I can't help it too, don't you? What'd 76 tell you?" D.Va snapped, the blonde nurse merely shaking her head.

"It's just a precaution. Caffeine is a diuretic, so I'm willing to chalk it up to just a bit of carelessness on your part. In the heat of battle, a touch of incontinence is to be expected... This is to mitigate the cleaning of your MEKA, and.."

"I'll be fine..!" D.Va protested again, but she could already see the writing on the wall. The only person that was more stubborn about their pushiness than 76 was Mercy, and she certainly didn't have the stamina to keep up an argument with the Nurse.

"I'm sure it will be." The woman called again, gently. "Just, wear these for a few matches and show us that you don't need them. Once we've ascertained it's not a kidney infection or such, we'll let you out of them immediately.."

"So, I just gotta do some matches without wetting my.... Ugh.. Diaper?" D.Va asked, grimacing at the last word.

"Precisely."

.....

It was the best chance she was going to get. D.Va nodded her head somberly, and looked eye to eye with the blue-haired Valkyrie of a healer.

"Fine... Fine. I'll show you I can make it just fine." she quipped, her hands returning to her sides. "Just remember, you guys asked for this."

"Asked for...what?"

For the next day and a half, D.Va would always turn the moment she felt any bladder discomfort, and would call out to 76, or any other chiding adults nearby.

"Going to the bathroom! Like a normal girl."

IT didn't matter if it was the dead of night, or the middle of the day... If they were that concerned with her continence, she would make sure to firmly educate them in her ability to contain her waters.... And when she would properly release them, of course.

She could already tell 76 was getting tired of the constant alerts, but she didn't care.. He's the one that pushed this! That had made Mercy prescribe her...

...

She didn't want to think about it..... The kiddie garment that would wrap around her.... Would it be like wearing super bulky underwear? Or, another pair of shorts under her suit?

She silently wondered if it would show through her own suit, the puffy white garment billowing out.... No... No it couldn't... it wouldn't.... Would it?

...

She had paced around the changing rooms at this, looking to her locker anxiously. It wasn't...the strangest thing she'd seen... but, she definitely had no experience with it. A padded, bulky garment.... To go under her own bodysuit...

"No Harm in trying it out..." she told herself as she started to change into her uniform... Pulling off her casual clothes, and glancing down over her slender, smooth skin.. And her soft body....

She had a rockin' bod, and she was sure that she could make a killing as a cam girl... her own dark brown hair that waved it's way over her shoulders... Her modest breasts, slender hips, and lovely thighs....

"Alright... Now... the... D...D.."

She didn't want to say it.... But, she had to put it on, if she was going to figure out how it would look with her outfit.....

She picked up the garment, and lightly pulled it up her legs, her hands moving to fasten it at her sides. It was.......

...

Different.

It wasn't a bad feeling, as she worried.... No, it was... Surprisingly fluffy... And, soft.

She could hear the rustling with every movement as she tried to get used to the garment... At least, for the range of movement. She paced about a few steps, before moving back to her uniform, and started to slide it back up.....

The blue material stretching over her padded behind. It thankfully was made of a material that wouldn't fray and part with the added garment..... Though...

"Hmmmth.. The sooner I'm out of this thing, the better..." she called, glancing into a side mirror. "Though, it doesn't look too bad with my suit on. Good to know."

She looked herself over once more, clasping her hands over her padded posterior.

"Mmmth... Bulky..." She noted, before shrugging. "Well, better get this off before.."

"Ah, good to see you're on the case already, Hana." 76's voice called out, snapping her out of her mindset. "We just got a mission. Payload. Go ahead and get into your MEKA, since you're already suited up."

"But..." the girl started, the older man starting to put on a vest.

"Hm? Did you need to use the bathroom before we headed out again?" the man called, D.Va pausing as the man called. "Could have sworn you said you'd always go before our missions. Well, try not to take too.."

"Of..Of course I already went!" the girl Lied, quickly. "You just be prepared to be amazed when the round's over, 76!"

She didn't have to pee that bad.....No, she would be fine, even as she polished off her third Nano Cola. It was just a payload round....

Stay in a thing that moved, fight off guys that got close.... Rinse, repeat. It was easy!

Certainly no challenge for her bladder, which was barely twinging with need. Yeah... She'd be fine....

....

A chorus she kept echoing to herself as the group suited up and headed out....... Moving to a hot, Arid environment. D.Va polished off what would be her last can of Nano cola before work. Hey, it would be nothing short of a crime to let such an amazing soda go to waste!

"Alright everyone.. Squad up, and keep on the point as much as you can." 76 called out to the group, as D.Va took her spot in her MEKA, mounting it in a forward, pseudo-crawling position that stuck her rump out, and kept her leaning forward. "It won't move without us, and we only have a few minutes before interception. Try not to get blasted away, and keep your eyes open."

"Got it, Dad. Let's just kick ass!" D.Va mused, as the group was brought to the payload... A large, giant load of... something on a cart that only seemed to move when people stood on it. With her giant MEKA, she could usually tank a lot of the oncoming fire, and dish it out just as good. She had plenty of ammo, tons of guns, and she was sure to have a medley of targets! Yep! She had more than enough of everything to handle this...!

Pang...

....

Including Nano Cola, processing in her body rapidly. The girl lightly quivered, crossing her legs in her MEKA, and hearing the light rustling of the additional garment beneath her.

'I'll be fine.....I'll be fine.' she told herself, tensing her legs as the signal for the match rang out. 'Just five minutes..... Maybe less... And I can go back, and pee....'

Yeah.. It'd be fine....

"On your right, everyone!"

D.Va Spun her MEKA around swiftly, and depressed the trigger on her guns. A loud, vicious blast of energy that would no doubt send anyone packing!

...

Yet, as she kept firing, her MEKA kept rocking back from the recoil wildly... Making her shift awkwardly, and trembling in the framework...

"Nnn... Never...noticed it that bad before..." she groaned to herself, feeling her feminine muscles protest the shaking.... Her lightly twittering bladder starting to more pressingly tingle with need....

With the padding around her, she almost felt an instinct to loose her waters......Wait.. No... NO......She couldn't.....

"Not now... Not ever..." she assured herself, as the greyed solider hopped up onto the payload.

"Get on the point, everyone!" 76 Commanded, as D.Va rolled her eyes.

"Yeah, we get it..." she groaned, the rest of the people on her team firing wildly. Ugh, did these losers even know how to Aim?

D.Va brought up her MEKA to the top of the payload near 76, and started aiming and firing once more, muffling her own bladder's protests with a light squeezing of her inner thighs again....

Before she suddenly felt several blasts of energy crashing into her MEKA.

"AGH....NNGH!"

She could feel every impact....Her whole body shook with the MEKA as she heard sirens starting to go off..... Her bladder's urges starting to pang with every blast....

"Hnnngh... Nnn... No... Not yet..." she groaned to herself, moving for a switch. "I'm not done yet..."

She had a trump card for this situation.... The enemy was grouping up, and they were firing wildly at her MEKA. She couldn't take the blasts much longer, if she wanted to pilot it....

But, if they wanted to make it explode so bad, then who was she to disappoint them?

"Nerf This..." she called out with a smirk, smashing the button to her ejector seat....As the MEKA charged forward.

BWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM

A large explosion, engulfing at least two of the enemies. Her MEKA would be reconstructed in a short period of time, and she'd be able to hop back in..... Heading right back to the payload, and back into the conflict.....

....

But for now, she was feeling very vulnerable, staggering her way out of the line of fire, and back past cover.

The payload had moved along to a healthy degree, and with her taking out her own share of the enemies, she figured a free minute or two could be dedicated to emptying herself.....

"M..Mmmmgh... Even if it's just a bit... It'll help me make it through..."

She stumbled behind cover, and started to unzip her uniform, her modest, but perky tits on full display for a moment....

She could feel the hot, arid air on her skin as she slid it completely off her shoulders, feeling herself bare to the world..... At least for a few moments.

"Now...just need to....." she called to herself, getting the material to her hips...Flinching as she stopped at the bulky, white garment.

"Ah...Shit, the Diaper..." she remarked to herself, trying to pull her uniform down a bit further... Or at least to adjust the diaper.... To do something...anything about her current condition.......

But, it seemed the material was not meant for easy removal.... No matter which way she wiggled her squirming hips, pulled on her tight, form fitting blue outfit...No matter which way she turned, or how badly her bladder wanted it....

She was not getting either garment all the way down.

"Nnngh.. Why choose now to get stuck?" she groaned softly, feeling the seemingly innocuous pressure....

Finally develop into a full-on problem. She shifted her hips as much as the bulky garment would allow, and pressed her palm against the material....Bending at the knees in agony.

"Nnnghh.. Nnn... God... I did NOT need this.." she groaned at herself, hearing the sounds of gunfire starting up again.

"HANA, get on the point!" 76's bossy voice called out, forcing the girl to abandon her chances.... Tugging the garment back over her shoulders, and stuffing her breasts back into the suit.

"Nnngh... I'm on it, I'm on it." she grumbled, as the giant fixture of her MEKA came down from the sky, landing beside her. She leaped up to get inside of it.... Flinching as her re-entry was accompanied by something else...

Pssssh...

A sudden, swift burst of warmth escaping her... Prompting her to cover her mouth with a sharp...

"MMMGHHHH!!....Fuck...!" she swore sharply, squeezing her knees as best she could... Trying to pilot her MEKA with one hand. She'd sprung a leak, mere moments after getting back because of the awkward posture.....

And... The short squirt of pee.... The warm, dampness of her release.... That was kept entrapped by the large, padded garment..... Kept from trailing down her thighs, and encompassed around it's exit point. It felt.... Felt...

'F..Fuck... Why does it feel... So good?!' she told to herself, feeling reddness creep to her face as she started to fire her guns again...

Psssh..Psssh..psssh..

Feeling a warm, amazing squirt of wetness every few bounds of recoil. Every bit of liquid escaping felt like it was coating her most personal place..... Every squirt of warmth like a loving, tender rub of her girlhood during her own private times........

She had to keep firing... She had to keep shooting...

Pssssh..pssshppshsssphss

She had to keep holding on for dear life, and losing the battle, inch by inch. She could feel the now warm, dampening garment beneath her suit encompassing her lower body in vulgar warmth.... And she never liked doing things only halfway....

"Mmmghh... Mmmm.. MMMM.... YES....YESSS....YES..." she groaned softly, not even sure if she was hitting anything anymore. No.. she just had to keep going! She had to keep firing, she... She...!

"HANA! HANA! The Payload's delivered! We Won!" 76's voice called out to her, snapping her out of her gun-crazed trance....

But certainly not quelling the mixture of desire and relief in her nethers. Even without her guns firing, her tired, numb naughty faucet was tired of holding anymore....

And, with the last, fleeting vestiges of her control leaving her, what was originally copious amounts of tensed up squirts of piddle......

SSSH..SSHHHHHGSSSHHHHHHHH

Was now a raging torrent of uncontrollable processed soda, no longer teasing, but out and out drenching the garment beneath her suit.

"Mmmmnnn!! MMMMM... AAAAAAHHHH... AAAHAHHHHHHHHH HAAAAAAAAH!!!"

The constant, seemingly never-ending spray of piddle from her personal faucet came with a massive swell of warm pleasure... Blanketing her hips, her upper thighs... And just the right parts of her naughty, tingling, nearly-feeling-on-fire twat.

It felt good... It felt way too good.... It was practically mindblowing....

'Nnnnnaaahhhh!!! Ohhh..Ohhh...Why have I never done this before?!' she thought with a loud groan.... The warmth in her... her diaper positively... Invigorating!

"Hana! HANA SONG you get out here right now!"

Even the stuffy, grumpy old man 76 couldn't calm her raw excitement from the sensation... As they started to head back to base......And she left her MEKA quietly.

"Of all the things... You said you would handle it... You said you could manage.." the grumpy old man called to her, already pacing with...what she could guess was some kind of scowl. "This isn't your personal fantasy, this is war! And the enemy's not going to sit there, and listen to you get off!"

D.Va couldn't even pay attention to the man's rambling.... She was still feeling a mixture of the afterglow of her first orgasm.. And a flavor for more. With every new sentence, she crossed her legs over again and again... Feeling the lovely, naughty warmth over her naughty bits again.

"And when I tell Angela about this..."

"Yeah...Yeah..Yeah, sure... sure.. Go tell her.." D.Va called out offhandedly, 76 leering at her through his visor.

"I think I will..." he stated firmly, starting to head up to the Nurse's office. If it were before the mission, she might have protested.. or pleaded... or even cried out to him...

...

But right now, she had needs... And she had to deal with them.

'Nnnn... No toys.. No desks... Nothing good to play with..' she thought to herself, before glancing up at her MEKA.... and giving a lightly lewd smile. 'Well, gotta make do.'

She climbed up atop her MEKA, away from any randomly wandering, prying eyes.... Planting her uniformed, padded bottom on the machine....

Plsssh...

Once again, warmth started to spread over her girlhood, and the wet sounds of her diaper sent even more tingles up her spine. She moved her hands to unzip her uniform again, popping her perky breasts free again as she got down to the padded, soaked material... And started to run her hands over it....

"Mmm.. Mmm... Mmmghh.. yes... yesss.." she groaned softly, her hands pressing to her girlhood. She couldn't quite reach it with the large, bulky material in the way....

But every press spread warmth over her tender girlhood.... Every rub spread it over her.... And send more and more chills up her body...

"Mmm..Mmmaahhh... Aaahh... Ahhhh... .F..Ffffuck.." she groaned, feeling the lightest of twinges in her bladder....As she quickly grunted and groaned..."Already...already wet....Diaper's already soaked... What's...what's the harm... in... In... innnnnnnn...."

She rubbed herself faster and faster still, feeling the warmth welling up inside of her.....As she clenched her lower muscles, and pushed.... Spreading wonderful NEW warmth all over her girlhood.....

"Pe..Pe...P..peeeeeeing some mo...Mooooooooo...MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORE!"

D.Va let out a loud WAIL of pleasure as the warm squirt of piddle spreading over her diaper, quickly followed by another.... positively outstanding spray of other, feminine fluids. Warmth spread from head to toe of the girl's trembling, shuddering... spraying physique........her face flushing, and her modest chest rising and falling in loud, vicious pants.

"Ohhh..Ohhh.. Ohhh... they'd better not... Nerf this.."

She had a new hobby.... And most definitely a new way to have fun. What's more, with Nosy 76 telling her off to Mercy, she could be assured the woman would have an ample supply of diapers for her....

...

And yet....

"Mmm... She won't mind if I...borrow a few." she whispered to herself as she slid past the Nurse's office.... Spying the blonde haired Nurse heading out of her room to the bathrooms for her own release... Giving her enough time to swoop in, grab a handful of plush garments to take back to her own room... And...

...

Experiment.

"I wonder if my fans would be interested in this..."

*037*2018-09-27 01:31

{{6 hours ago, Night Rain said:

Other than the series already listed what other series do you know about?

}}

Faust knows many random, assorted ones.

It's usually better off to just list series you're interested in, and Faust will answer yay, Nay, or sorta.

Faust is planning to get into things soon: Real life is finally slowing down.

In the meantime, another random Fauxstus

*039*2018-09-27 02:10

{{2 hours ago, Night Rain said:

Cardcaptor Sakura

Sword Art Online

}}

Faust knows Sword Art Online, but not any of the later games.

*041*2018-09-27 02:53

{{3 hours ago, Keita123 said:

Faust, are you still working on my commission?

}}

Faust is working on it, and others at the moment.

The problem is, Faust is going through an incredibly stressful time, coupled with insane of real-life business stuff....

And, things Faust is going to need to do to continue living as he does....

$$

*043*2018-10-20 03:01

Faust is finally back in the full swing of things! He's back at full force, and he's got his life sorted out so he can continue to live where he's living for a whole, 'nother year!

Faust is super pleased.... And, also, Faust has a Commission to show off to everyone, Courtesy of @daveshuyi

This one consists of Asuna, and a certain struggle... So, Faust hopes you enjoy!

=====

"Nnn... How did it come to this...?"

It had been such a simple day..... How did it get this...complicated?

The day itself had started out pleasantly. with a cloudless sky, and a brilliantly shining sun. Asuna donned a white shirt, and a red skirt that stopped before her knees, the girl lightly smoothing it out quietly.

"Reminds me of SAO.." she mused softly to herself, starting out of her home quickly, to meet up with someone very dear to her....

"Ah, hey there Asuna."

Her boyfriend, Kirito. One of the few good things that came out of the deathtrap of a game they had both been trapped in years ago.

"Hey. You weren't waiting long, were you?"

Throughout all of the adventures they had spent together, over several games and verses, she and Kirito had formed a true bond.... And, even though her mother wasn't the biggest fan of the slender, dark haired, middle class boy....

Asuna, even outside of the virtual worlds that gave her amazing powers, was no less powerful as a person when stripped of said superpowers. She'd been the one to propose the date, the one to arrange meeting up in the center of town, and the one that had....firmly informed her mother of her own feelings in regard to romance. She had more than her fair share of competition for the affections of the boy... But, there was a reason she was there first, and the one he had married. (Even if it was just in SAO at the time)

"No, not at all. Just got here. Shall we?"

"Mmm... of course."

Gone were the times of having to be the second in command... Dealing with the leers, sneers, and high, lofty expectations of others. Gone were the times where she was constantly pressured, or put into a life and death situation... No...

Today was just going to be time with the boy she loved...And nothing was going to stop her from enjoying it.....

...

Several hours later, the delighted pair made their way to a park, finding a bench to sit down at, as the dark haired boy held up a hand to try and futilely stifle a loud yawn.

"Nnnnnghh....Gonna be nice, being able to relax again.." the boy groaned, rubbing his eyes. "After everything that's happened...."

"Are you tired, Kirito?" Asuna's concerned voice called, turning her head. "You've been sleeping okay, haven't you?"

"Of course, I just.... Nnnnghhaaa.." the boy started, another yawn coercing it's way out of the boy's mouth as he rubbed his eyes more. "We've been through a lot. Not really sure how you manage to do as much as you do, sweetie.."

A faint pink came to the girl's cheeks at hearing the term again... Something she might... one day get used to, but still got to her at times. She smiled warmly, but gave a slightly firm, lightly reprimanding tone to her voice.

"You need to rest when your body's tired. You can't be pushing yourself like you always do..." she started, as the boy held up a hand.

"Nn.. It wasn't anything major. Just a quest that went on a bit more than i was expecting.. honest..." Kirito remarked quietly, as the auburn girl shook her head, her expression easing a bit.

"Of course it was..." she sounded lightly under her breath, as she rested a hand down in her lap. "Well, here's a quest for you, and I'm not taking no for an answer."

"Mmttth?" the boy sounded, as Asuna's hand went to his shoulder, lightly pulling him down on his side, black hair meeting with her legs as she pulled the boy's head into her lap.

"Take it easy... Rest a little. Girlfriend's orders." she mused to the boy, who gave a light protest.

"Asuna, I'm fine..." he sounded, the boy's eyes closing. "I'll be... Mmmn... Just... a bit then..."

The girl could feel the boy's head nestling into her lap, as his defiance melted away, getting cozy and summarily, taking her suggestion to rest his eyes for a bit. She let out a content sigh....

'Mmm.. This has just been... the bes-' she started to think, closing her eyes for a moment, as the boy's head lightly rolled back...

###

And the girl's body suddenly gave a sudden jolt, snapping her out of the mild daydream she was having.... A sensation she had nearly forgotten about entirely...

Pang.....

"Ah...?" Asuna gasped softly, her legs instinctively tensing up at a sudden swell in internal pressure, mounted just below her lower belly. It had been several hours since the date started, several activities in between, several periods of time with various food and drink....And, in this moment of all moments... She realized....

'I....I have to pee...'

She was hardly the kind of girl that faced this predicament frequently, much less in anywhere as public as the park. The games she had played didn't pay attention to these problems, and her own body had long since recovered from the issues that followed the incidents trapping her in virtual games that robbed many people, Kirito Included, of a significant portion of their muscle mass.

Her own family, well off as it was, was able to keep her body in much better shape after being removed from the prison of Nervgear. Compared to those in much...less grand hospitals, who had to undergo significant physical therapy post-game.

'It's not a big deal.... I can hold it..' she told herself, quietly. 'It's not that bad, anyways. I'll just... wait until Kirito wakes up from his nap, and then I'll just make a...pit stop.'

She slightly winced as she peered over at a small building a distance away, various girls and guys leaving the public bathrooms of the park. The idea of public restrooms, compared to the immaculate, beautiful, (Or even just plain Sanitary) bathrooms she was used to made her stomach turn a little bit.... But, she wouldn't try to push her way back to her own home... Or worse, ask Kirito to go to his for something simple like that.

'It's just another challenge to overcome...' she assured herself, feeling the boy's head resting against her a bit more. "Just...have to wait out the timer on this one. It'll be up soon enough, and I'll be free!'

Much like paralysis in video games, she couldn't move until the timer was up....And, unlike them, there was no imminent danger. No psychopath threatening to end her life, or endanger it. No, it was just a little...

....

'No...don't even think about it. It's not there if i don't think about it.' she told herself firmly, pushing the thought out of her mind, as she lightly brushed the hair of the boy in her lap. No.... it would be fine.. She would be fine...

....

She hoped..

Tens of minutes passed by as the girl's eyes glanced skyward, looking at the formerly blue sky, now decorated with several billowing, if puffy-looking clouds. She lightly leaned her head back, tracing over the shapes with her eyes.

"Mm.. That one looks like my sword.." she mused, her fingers lightly clenching in a grip. "And.... that one looks like a bird..... And that one looks like Yui.."

The girl smiled lightly as she kept glancing over the shifting, changing shapes of clouds.... Making a game of seeing if she could perceive related things from one to another. She pictured the guild symbols, then some of the items, then some of the light monsters... And, as she was glancing over one that particularly looked like a meal she'd served, the girl's eyes turned.

"And that one looks like a....Toi...let..." she sounded as her eyes rested on it... The girl regretting it immediately as the same, nagging, pressing feeling started to make itself known again. She lightly frowned, glancing down at the boy in her lap again, pressed against her pressured piddle pot.

"Nnn.. just a little bit.." she sounded to herself, lightly nudging the boy's head down for a few moments, to give her bladder piece from the siege of his head pressed against it. The boy grumbled a bit in his sleep, but his head found it's way resting down further in her lap, the girl flushing a bit.

"He's..." she sounded to herself, feeling the pressure now against her own personal area.... But, feeling immediately relieved that her bladder wasn't under duress anymore. No more was the extra weight of her boyfriend's head... Just whatever liquids she had processed already. A feeling much more manageable....

....

For at least a few dozen more minutes, as the boy's eyes started to open again.

"Mmmmth...Mmmn.." Kirito sounded, as Asuna glanced down at him.

"Ah... are you feeling better?" she asked lightly, the boy's eyes closing again quickly.

"A bit.... can I...sleep a bit more?" he called out groggily, as the girl lightly smirked, brushing her fingers over his head.

"We're gonna have to work on that get up and go, you know." she playfully chided, the boy looking up to her with the same, weary but pleased eyes.

"Just...a little bit more? Please?" he pleaded with the girl, who giggled and brushed his hair again.

"Fine... Just a little longer." she mused, as the boy started to nestle back into her lap, his head bumping into a familiar spot....

Pang

"Nnn..!" the girl sharply flinched, prompting the boy to start to lean up again.

"Ah...? Is...is everything okay, Asuna?" he sounded, as the girl felt her body involuntarily shifting a bit, pressing her legs together as the urge returned to her, twice as bad as before.

"Ah... Ah, it's fine...!" she assured, quickly. "just... easy... Kinda bumped me a bit hard.."

"You....Are you sure?" the boy's tired voice sounded, as the girl brushed her hand over his shoulder again. "If something's wrong you can.."

"I'm fine...honest.." the girl lied, gently. "Don't work yourself up... You need to rest a bit more.."

"Mmmn...If you...say so.." the boy muttered softly, already starting to ease himself back into the girl's lap. Asuna's hands gently guided him down, away from her now protesting bladder, the boy's eyes slowly closing again, as the girl was eventually left alone with her thoughts again.... The boy, quelled in her lap. However, unlike Kirito.....

'Nnn....Stop it, bladder!' she internally groaned, her legs tensing up anew, as her bladder refused to ease off from the protests. It had gone from a mild, irrelevant sensation, to a full blown annoyance.

'Just a few more minutes... I'm gonna give him a little more, then I'll wake him up..'

A simple statement, turned into a mantra....Chanted to herself every 'few minutes.' Every few minutes, she'd feel the urge swell.... But every 'Few minutes', she'd look down on the peaceful, slumbering expression of her beloved.....

And, something would just twinge inside of her, Some part of her would falter weakly, assuring herself she could manage for a little longer....

Just a bit more... Just until the sun would start to go down..... Just a little longer, and she'd rouse the sleeping boy. If she could wait just a little longer, she'd let him get his rest, she'd be able to politely excuse herself to the restroom, and she would be rid of this....nagging, troublesome urge.....

An urge that was slowly intensifying with every passing moment... With every delay in awakening the boy, she could practically feel her own internal reservoir filling out... Much like the cups from the cafe they had been drinking out of....

"Nn..could use one right now..." she started softly, before shaking her head. "No..! No way...I definitely..! Not again.."

The girl wanted to distract herself again, but the constant, nearly unending pangs were incredibly hard to ignore, The girl wanted to cross her legs, but the boy in her lap was keeping them hostage... Asuna barely able to keep her legs together, as her body wriggled lightly....

"Nnn...How'd it come to this.." she thought to herself quietly, quivering. The day had been so good so far... immaculate sky, no arguing to go out, no interruptions from siblings or other girls, and she had been able to share a romantic moment letting the boy sleep in her lap....

...

So, why was it falling on the dismount so badly?!

'Nnn... I'm gonna have to do it.. I'm gonna need to wake him up... ' she thought to herself, shifting a bit as the boy slowly started to move, the girl backing her hand off quietly.

"Nn... Maybe...He'll be up on his own in a sec.." she reasoned to herself, now shifting her legs slowly....steadily...unable to stop herself anymore. "Then..won't have to..wake him myself.."

She could feel herself tensing up, but kept fighting the urges as she glanced down at the boy, looking for telltale signs of waking. She'd endure it a little longer... Just enough for him to wake up himself...

"just...gotta make sure he doesn't bump into.." she idly noted to herself, the boy's head starting to lean back as she flinched.

'Ah...! Nonono...!' she thought, moments before impact... The gentle press against her held water tank prompting a vicious wave of pressure........And also....

Sssh..!

"A..Ah..!!" the girl suddenly, and very SHARPLY gasped, feeling a spray of warmth enter her undergarments. Her urges were no longer a mere annoyance, it had graduated to a full-on threat, bordering on absolute emergency! She couldn't delay the boy's waking any longer....!

Ah...but...

"K..Kirito?" she gently stammered, a hand resting on his shoulder a bit. "Kirito...It's....it's time to wake up..."

The pressure was building... Her seal was broken.... She could feel the wet spot in her garments heralding the impending flood.......As the boy's head lightly shifted, pressing her skirt into her damp patch........And evoking a sudden, very worrying concern.

"Mmmthh...Mmm...Just a..little more.." the boy sounded, his arm starting to wrap around her waist as he pulled himself into her waist some more.

"Ahhh.......!" the girl flinched, the added swell of pressure wrecking havoc on her straining tank, another...lengthy spurt starting to force it's way out of her floodgates. "N..No no no Kirito, you need to...need to wake up now..... We were just talking about this....!"

She didn't mean to press the subject, but another fear had brought itself to her mind, concerning the path of her impending piddle..

"Nnn...Nn..Alll...Alright..I'm getting up.. I'm getting up." the boy grumbled softly, his other hand gripping her leg for support as he started to push himself up...

Parting her tightly pressed legs, and....

Pssss...pssssshhhh...

"Ah...!!!!!" she gasped, her bladder hitting it's proverbial limit, as her thoughts were dangerously close to reality....

The thought of an accident was unpleasant, sure... But, the thought of watering her garments, with the dark haired love of her life in the path of the flood....! Covering him in her own, internal waters....!

That was....absolutely unacceptable, in any way!

Asuna wasn't sure what had had given first, her bladder's last vestiges of control, or the last bits of restraint to move her boyfriend out of her soon to be soaked lap before it was too late.....

All she knew was that instead of lifting the boy out, she had none-too-gently cupped his back under her hands, and sent him tumbling to the ground as she pushed him to relatively dry safety with a crumple, her hands suddenly jerking to her moistening garments.

"Ah...! Owww....A..Asuna, you don't gotta be so rough.." the dark haired boy groaned with a hand rubbing his head. "I was getting up, I just needed a....mo..ment."

The boy's own eyes went from half-closed to wide-awake, staring at his girlfriend as her hands were buried in her short skirt... The red garment quickly dampening with withheld waters, as the bench beneath her started to puddle up in a sizable amount of piddle.

"A..Ahhh..." she could only moan, feeling the floodgates close.. and open... and close.... and open again, each break lasting less and less time than before. She had managed to save her boyfriend from a vicious fate.... but, in exchange... "Nnnnnaaaaaahhhh..haaahhh.."

She would never protest public restrooms again... She'd never pass up a bathroom break if she felt even the slightest urge... She'd never let her bladder get that bad again.... She wanted nothing more than to just go back and excuse herself earlier....To have ended the boy's Nap a few minutes earlier....To have drank less during their dates... To do anything to avoid shaming herself as she had.... The girl's eyes growing a bit watery, as her face shone a brilliant red. This was...truly it...

More humiliating than anything she'd ever done in her life... and right in front of the person she most wanted to never show this kind of thing to! And yet, no matter how much she wished, wanted, or just plain needed to change this outcome, there was no stopping it... Or dealing with her now positively ruined clothes, all warm and wet with spilled, internal waters.

"Ah..! Asuna...." the boy called to her, the girl's flush feeling like it was extending to her ears. Somehow, hearing her name from his lips... Acknowledging what she had just done as reality...It made the whole thing even more horrifying.

"Ah.. There..There...It's not your fault.." the boy called, starting to pat her shoulders, and head. "You...you should have let me know you had to go...Ya'know..?"

"Nnn..I..I just didn't want to..." the girl started to explain herself, but the boy quickly wrapped her in a tight embrace, pulling her into him.

"It's okay, you don't have to explain.." the boy gently called, brushing her long hair with his hands. "You shouldn't keep pushing yourself either, you know."

"But..!" she started to protest, as the boy gently rubbed her head, hugging her close.

"Look...I know you're a strong, powerful woman.." he gently assured, squeezing her. "You've overcome many different things, and taken on a bunch of foes, by yourself even. You've done a lot for me...for all of us, and this doesn't change any of that. You're still the beautiful, amazing woman I fell in love with...Even if you made a mistake."

Asuna's flush eased a little as her body had finished it's involuntary release, the boy still hugging her close.

"People make mistakes. It's what we do..." he added, gently into her ears. "But, the beauty of what we do, is how we overcome these mistakes, together. It's okay that this happened... I'm still here for you Asuna... Always will be."

"K..Kirito..." the girl sniffled a bit, as the boy's lips pressed to hers in a loving embrace, wet garments and all. She could feel herself melting away, her heart skipping a beat, and her body relaxing...

Sure, she had overestimated her holding abilities again...But, this time, she wasn't entirely upset about it. Perhaps it was just KIrito's calm, comforting words...Or how he had given her his jacket to cover it up on the way home... Or how she managed to get it in the washer and dryer without being noticed by her mother, showering away any last bits of evidence....

But, whatever it was.... In spite of the unfortunate accident she had experienced... The day still had been..... Quite an amazing one.....

==========

[To do List:

[Persona-l Struggles]

[Another (Alternative) Note]

[Trouble in the Woods]

[Various Council Works]

[???]

[???]

[???]

[???]

Faust is working on things as it moves along. Faust apologizes to those waiting... But, Faust is just now getting back in! So, be patient a bit longer! Faust won't leave those like Asuna in the story.....

[Other Note: Yes, Faust is still taking Commissions. Just PM them to Faust, or request here. Faust just hopes you'll be mindful of some slight waiting, given work and stuffs. Faust is planning to get a decent amount done soonish though]

*047*2018-11-23 06:09

{{5 hours ago, Phosphorus said:

Are you familiar enough with the Higurashi series that you could write a story for it?

}}

Faust knows a good portion of the series...

What kind of thing would you be looking for?

*049*2019-04-04 18:19

A Random Commission, from a Discord-Friend! @Gay Potato

Faust hopes you like it

====

"Haaaaaa.....So quiet...."

There were bound to be days without a lot of action, but it didn't make the lime-green slime-girl any less bored. Sure, Goopy's Outstanding Omo-Emporium wasn't the most popular store.... But, still!

"I wanna do some business, darn it!" the girl lightly pouted, resting a hand in her head. She'd even worn her dark red hoodie this time, which seemed remarkably dry....

At least, that's what people kept remarking, whenever they saw her wearing it.

'Just Cuz I'm A slime girl, doesn't mean everything I touch is wet...' she mentally quipped to herself, glancing along the shop with a distant expression.

She was quite knowledgeable about liquids, fluids, and their uses.... And, her little shop was to help the brazen, and the shy alike to overcome their...Troubles when it came to tinkle fun.

She had snacks, garments, potions, drinks, magazines... Anything any good omo-enthusiast would be happy to have! Though, while her sales weren't bad, they weren't outstanding either.....

"Though....Come to think of it..." Goopy mused, a smile curling onto her lips. "Can't say I've properly..sampled my wares before."

The girl slid to her feet, and started to circle around her store, scooping a few things off of the counters. A bag of Omo-Droplets, a few specialized potions... And even one of the magazines, as she made her way back to her spot behind the counter.

"Mmm.....First up, the Aqua Droplets." she mused, picking up the bag. They were eccentric, jelly candies that compacted a significant diuretic, with a gummy, sugary mix. Intended as a snack to slowly stir the urges, Goopy quickly popped a handful of the sweets into her mouth.. Dissolving them quickly.

"Oooh, that's sweet..." she cooed, leaning back in her chair as she felt her body quiver in anticipation. Soon enough, she could feel the familiar panging of urgency filling below her belly... As she gave a small smile.

"Mmm.. Mmmm.. Ohhh..This could be bad, if I wasn't prepared.." she whispered to herself, resting a hand on her body... A sizable bit of her bulging out... Her own bladder bloating out with copious liquid. Yes, if she was a human, this would be the end of her control... But, being able to swell her bladder for a bit.....

"Mmm... Oh, the magazine has shots of girls on the toilet..." she mused to herself, lifting her arms to show off her bare girlhood. "Shame I don't have one of those in here..... Oh, i know!"

She grinned, moving about, the squeezing and swirling of her bladder panging urgently...As she scooted a sizable black cauldron under her, as she started to relax her body...

"Ha...Haaaaaaaahhhh..!" she moaned, a pale yellow fluid suddenly spraying under her hoodie, hurriedly splashing down into the cauldron, and filling it up slowly. "Ohhhhnn... Ohhhh, Ohhhh, and it feels good to let it out..."

A low, echoing pssssssssshhhhh rang out through the store as she continued to loosen her waters into the Cauldron, feeling her own body starting to heat up, dampness seeping into the hoodie a bit. She was enjoying this... She was really enjoying this.....

So, by the time her cauldron was full, and she felt herself taper off... She practically leapt back into her seat, uncorking potions.

"Mmmm... Potion of Holding.." she mused, popping the bottle to her mouth, and chugging it down. For those pesky piddle problems, it was meant to help hold on for a little while longer....

But then redouble the contents withheld, after a bit.

"And... Potion of piddling."

Simple enough, a potion to incite prominent piddle problems. She had no idea which of the two were stronger, or which of them would win out... But, she sure hoped she'd be finding out soon!

Goopy tilted back the drink, leaning back in her chair... As she closed her eyes...

And waited.....

She didn't have long to wait, feeling the urgency return from the droplets, coupled with the piddle potion.....

Not to mention, combatting against the holding potion. Her bladder swelled, contracted, and stirred... .Fighting... Urging... Demanding...

'Pee...Don't pee... Pee... Don't pee...' she groaned sweetly, moaning to herself as she reach for one of the potion bottles. 'Ohhh..which one..which one...'

She could feel her body moistening, dampening her hoodie as she got more and more excited, shuddering and gasping as the urges battled....Struggled...

And then...

Psssh

A sharp, pale spray of liquid! The sensation sent shivers along her whole body, making her quiver and jiggle with need....

"B..Bottle... Bottle..!" she called, trying to position her pissing girlhood to fill the potion bottle quickly... Several spurts, sprays, and streams flowing into the container... Each moment of relief feeling like someone was rubbing all over her body.....

By the time she was able to relax herself... Her body seemed to relent to the holding potion... Prompting her to cork off the now filled bottle... Wondering what the effects of a slime-girls urine would have on a human body.....

Feeling the effects of the holding potion cement themselves, Goopy felt herself regaining focus on her job.. Hearing the door to her store open up, and some customers coming to her attention.

She helped them pick out some good clothes, and some potions of their own... Accepting their money, and even waving the two out....

Before a sudden sensation escaped her slime-girl slit....

PSssh...pssshshhpsssshh

"Haaaahhhh!!!!!!!"

It seemed the potion of holding finally wore off, just in time to send the shoppers off. She buckled, staggering towards her desk again, but..

Psssh..pssshhhhhhhhhhpsssssssssssssssssh

It was far, far too late....

Clear, lightly yellow liquid started to pool out from under the slime-girl's bottom, Goopy sliding to her knees as she felt her body starting to relax in it's entirety, making her slump over in a heated moan.... Hands sliding down to feel the flow...

"O..Ohh..Ohhh yeah.. That's... That's the good stuff..."

$$

$$

