Alice's Accidental Adventures [story+ pics]

Author: anyone11

*000*2024-04-02 19:17

Chapter 1: On the Way Home

Alice had to pee. Very, very badly. So badly, in fact, that she was doing what could only be called a potty dance as she got out of her car.

It wasn’t her fault. She’d gotten pulled into an unscheduled meeting at work that had eaten up the last hours of her afternoon. And then as she was leaving, the bathrooms had been closed for cleaning. No problem, she thought. Sure, she needed to go, but it wasn’t critical and it was only a twenty minute drive home.

Or rather, it should have been a twenty minute drive. But a nasty accident had blocked off all but one lane of the highway and tripled her commute time, leaving plenty of time for the water she’d drank in the meeting to collect in her bladder.

But she was home now, finally. Well, almost finally, she corrected, as she squirmed towards her apartment’s outdoor staircase. Why did she have to live on the fourth floor?

Her bladder throbbed as she began the ascent, as if it could sense how close her bathroom was. At the first landing she came to an abrupt halt and shoved her hand between her crossed legs as an especially intense wave of desperation crashed through her.

&&

It subsided after a few moments, but left little relief in its wake. She looked despairingly at the three and a half more flights of stairs she had. How could she possibly make it?

But she had to. It was the only option. She was a grown woman; she certainly wasn’t going to pee her pants like a little kid. So she resumed her ascent, though she did have to keep her hand clutched to her crotch - thank god there was no one around to see her.

She made it to the second floor without incident, and even started to think she’d worked herself into a panic for nothing as she rounded the turn and kept climbing. Halfway there! she thought in triumph as she lifted her foot to the landing between the second and third floors.

And then it happened.

Another urge spasmed though her, and despite crossing her legs and holding herself just as tightly as before, she couldn’t prevent a hot spurt of pee from leaking out of her, puddling against her skin before being absorbed by her clothes.

I can’t wet myself! she thought in a panic, squeezing even harder and managing to stop the flow. But she just had. She could feel her wet panties clinging to her, and when she looked down there was a small but undeniable wet spot on her jeans.

&&

Okay, so she’d peed her pants. But only barely, she tried to rationalize. A tiny leak like that doesn’t really count. Anyone could be caught short like this. She would make it to her apartment, have the world’s most satisfying pee in the toilet, and it would be like this never happened.

She didn’t even make it to the third floor.

Maybe the first leak had broken some sort of seal. Maybe her pelvic muscles gave up in fatigue. Maybe her bladder had reached its absolute capacity. Regardless, she froze in horror as she felt more pee leak out of her, re-warming her clothes - and this time, she couldn’t stop it right away. She felt it trickling down her thighs and seeping under her butt before she once more regained control.

&&

She couldn’t claim not to have “really” peed in her pants now, not with those dark patches advertising her accident for anyone to see. She, Alice Waters, a grown adult, had definitely, well and truly, inarguably, wet herself.

And she still really had to go.

She kept climbing the stairs, because what else was there to do? Only a few steps later and she was peeing again, but this time she didn’t even try to stop it. Why bother? No one was around, no doubt these stairs had seen much worse than urine and - most critically - she had already peed herself. No point pretending she hadn’t.

So she let the rest of her pee gush out of her aching bladder, streaming down her legs, soaking her jeans, collecting in her shoes and leaving a tell-tale trail as she continued towards her apartment.

&&

And for a moment it felt… good? Not just the physical relief, though that was part of it, but giving in. Admitting that she’d had an accident, that there was no point in trying to reach the toilet when her pants were already wet and instead make them even wetter.

Then she caught herself. Good? It was humiliating! Everyone knows adults don’t pee their pants. Of course she hadn’t enjoyed it. It was just that she’d been so desperate.

Finally, she reached her apartment door. Without really thinking about it, she released the last bit of pee left in her as she unlocked the door, then stepped inside to clean up.

This would definitely never happen again.

*002*2024-04-03 13:55

{{6 hours ago, JimSpurs666 said:

Great. Where did you get the pics?

}}

The pics are of me (the story, though, is 100% fictional).

*006*2024-06-13 02:06

Chapter 2: Pissy in Pink

Alice was about a mile into her morning run when she felt the first, tell-tale urge, low in her abdomen. She needed to pee.

She could head straight for home and enjoy the comfort of her own bathroom in ten minutes, but a two-mile run was barely worth the name, and she’d told herself that she would make up for skipping her last jogging day, earlier in the week, when it was just too hot.

And it’s not like she had to go bad. She didn’t need to abort her run, certainly not this early.

Unbidden, she remembered the incident not quite two weeks ago of utterly wetting herself just steps away from her apartment door, but cast it aside. That had been a fluke, a one-time confluence of unfortunate events. It hadn’t been her fault, and absolutely did not mean she needed to run to the toilet at the first sign she had to pee, like a toddler just out of diapers.

She kept on running, away from home.

A mile later, and the urge was noticeably worse. Probably thanks to the water she had chugged before she left, Alice thought ruefully, and again considered making for home, but… she rebelled against the idea. The weather was mild, nothing was sore, and she had, if not a runner’s high, a runner’s buzz. She didn’t want to cut it short for something as silly as a bathroom break.

She kept to her planned route, pointedly ignoring how every thump of her heel against the pavement sent a jolt through her still-filling bladder.

Until that jolt was accompanied by a bloom of wet heat on her crotch.

She stumbled to a stop, only just managing to cut off the stream without blatantly grabbing herself in public. Thankfully she was coming up on an alley so she ducked into it and positioned herself behind a tree for good measure, and lifted up the skirt part of her athletic skort to check the damage.

&&

She had been hoping against hope that she’d somehow imagined the leak, but the dark patch on her gusset, however small, said otherwise. She’d peed herself.

(Again, she couldn’t help but think.)

There was nothing for it but to head for home now, though she was so far into her run that taking the direct route would only shave off ten minutes or so. She clenched her sphincter muscles and took off again, trying to ignore the feeling of wet fabric against her skin.

Trying, and largely failing. Her groin was hypersensitive from the effort of holding it, and she could feel the (wet, wet, wet) fabric rub against her with every stride, and something about that feeling, that she had wet herself, made it very hard not to wet herself some more.

She fought against it, she really did, but she’d only gotten three more blocks before another hot jet of pee leaked out of her. She didn’t stop, not willing to add even a second to her transit time, even as she felt it trickle down her thighs.

A block later, another leak. Then half a block later, another leak. Then just a few strides later, and she had to stop, because the alternative was to fully empty her bladder then and there. She managed, with effort, to get her leaking under control (for the moment, her mind whispered traitorously), and, after taking cover behind a tree and checking for witnesses, raised her skirt enough to see the new damage.

&&

The results were not heartening. The wetness now crept back under her butt, left thick, dark streaks along the inside of her shorts, and, worst of all, was even starting to run down her legs in small droplets.

How could this be happening? How could this be happening again?

In a brief moment of defeat, Alice considered giving up. She was already wet, home was still much too far away, and she still badly needed to pee, so why not just finish what she had failed to prevent?

Sanity caught up a second later. She wasn’t going to wet herself!

…Well, she wasn’t going to wet herself on purpose, she amended. The only thing to do was pull her skirt back down and get home with whatever dignity she had left.

She didn’t even make it to the end of the block. And this time, she couldn’t stop the leak. All she could do was hide, again, in an alley, and lift her skirt out of the splash zone. The pee soaked the entire seat of her pants, followed paths created by the seams of her clothing, cascaded down her legs, puddling on the ground and leaving her running shoes unpleasantly squelchy.

&&

&&

And yet, just as there had been last time, there was an undeniable sense of… something else. Not just physical relief, though that was there too, but a sort of excitement, at doing something she wasn’t supposed to do and not having the world come crashing down.

Then she shook herself. She didn’t mean it like that - obviously she didn’t mean that she enjoyed wetting herself, she wasn’t crazy! She was just glad that no one had seen her, and that her skirt, once pulled back down, would conceal the evidence until she got home.

&&

And if it didn’t bother her as much as she would’ve though to finish her run in some very wet shorts, well, it didn’t mean anything. This would still never, ever happen again.

For real this time.

*010*2024-06-13 15:51

{{8 hours ago, wetgarth said:

Really loving these short stories and the pics that you do for them are wonderful. What next ?

}}

Thank you! I think next Alice tries to enjoy a day out at the park. Still deciding whether she's stymied by the bathrooms having a long line, not being sufficiently clean, or being fully out of order...

*014*2024-06-13 20:20

{{4 hours ago, wetgarth said:

All those options seem realistic, what would she be wearing to the park?

}}

A short skirt, sandals, and panties in a color that will definitely show a wet patch.

*018*2024-09-09 00:07

Alice was at the park, enjoying the nice day. It was hot of course - it was summer - but a breeze and the low humidity kept things tolerable, helped by picturesque puffy clouds that intermittently shaded the sun.

Still, it was hot enough that she’d been drinking regularly from her water bottle. And sooner rather than later, that water ended up in her bladder, causing a building sense of pressure in her groin.

For most people, needing to pee would be an unremarkable occurrence. But then, most people hadn’t wet themselves twice in less than a month. Alice, unfortunately, couldn’t say the same. Needing to pee when there wasn’t a toilet immediately available hadn’t been ending well for her lately.

But that didn’t mean it would end badly - wetly - this time, Alice sternly reminded herself. The park had bathrooms; all she had to do was get to them. Which she was perfectly capable of, recent events notwithstanding.

All the same, it was those recent events that filled her mind as she walked. The first pang of need, the rising desperation, the frantic attempts to control herself. The failure, the wet clothing, the embarrassment.

And also that feeling she’d tried very hard to think about. Not physical relief, which would be understandable, but something closer to excitement. A thrill at breaking the engrained social rule of adults don’t wet their pants.

These thoughts made it impossible for Alice to ignore the sensation of her bladder continuing to fill. Alice well and truly needed the bathroom by the time they came into view.

Unfortunately, so did quite a few kids.

Her heart sank as she took in the scene. The bathroom was adjacent to the soccer field, and practice must have just ended, as what looked like a dozen kids were waiting in line for the bathroom. Some parents were waiting too, most accompanied by younger siblings.

Alice knew these bathrooms, being a fairly frequent visitor to the park. They had only three stalls, one of which was usually out of order at any given time, and small children weren’t known for doing anything efficiently. She doubted this would be a fast-moving line. As if to support her hypothesis, she noticed a few kids doing potty dances of various levels of subtlety.

She continued to survey the line, considering… maybe she was being pessimistic, maybe it would move fast enough for her to make it to a toilet…

Her bladder spasmed angrily at the prospect of relief. She stood stock-still, pressing her thighs together, and imagined waiting in line, being reduced to doing a potty dance of her own and it not being enough, the wide-eyed staring of the kids, wondering what kind of grown-up has an accident.

No, she couldn’t wait in line. She frantically cast about for another option. The park had other bathrooms, but they were too far away. There were certainly too many spectators for her to pop a squat. She’d emptied her water bottle (the reason she was in this predicament at all) so she couldn’t even “spill” and use that as cover. She couldn’t -

Hold it, apparently. The now-familiar sensation of her panties growing hot and wet told her that she’d leaked. She managed - barely - to stop it before anything could run down her legs, and thank god she’d opted for a skirt rather than pants today so no one could tell, but she knew her gray panties would now have a tell-tale wet mark.

&&

As before, the once she leaked it became significantly harder not to do so again. Alice needed cover, and she needed it now.

The closest option was the other side of the bathrooms. She walked around the building, trying to look like she was casually meandering while also trying not to pee any more.

She was pretty sure she succeeded at the former, at least enough to avoid drawing attention, but not the latter. She was dribbling even before she rounded the corner of the building, unable to completely stop the flow. She just had time to check that she was unobserved and to pull her skirt out of the danger zone before her control gave out completely.

Fresh warmth again bloomed against her crotch, but now it ran down her legs, collecting beneath her feet and muddying the dusty ground she stood on. She sagged against the wall of the bathrooms in relief as her bladder continued to empty, and reflected on the likelihood that there was a toilet mere feet from her, on the other side of the wall. In a sense she’d almost made it, she tried to console herself.

But then, almost only counted in horseshoes and hand grenades. No matter how close a toilet was, the truth was that she’d wet herself. Again.

The last of her pee finally trickled out, and she lifted her skirt some more to examine the damage. The dark wetness arced across the front of her crotch and crept up the seams around her legs. As she’d thought, the gray definitely showed her accident.

&&

She couldn’t see the back, but she felt with a hand and confirmed that her panties were wet there too, well past the seam line of the gusset.

&&

What was wrong with her? One is happenstance and twice is coincidence, but thrice is - well, not conspiracy, but definitely not coincidence anymore! She’s a grown woman, why can’t she stop peeing her pants?

(And why, whispered something in the back of her mind, was she not really as bothered by it as she ought to be?)

She did her best to push those thoughts away and straightened her skirt to hide the evidence. The important thing was that she’d gotten away with it. Besides, bad things came in threes, right? Maybe this would be the last time she had an accident.

But maybe because she could feel her damp panties with every step back to her car, she couldn’t make herself believe it.

*024*2024-10-26 19:47

Alice didn’t enjoy grocery shopping. She especially didn’t like it when the store had just been “updated” and she no longer knew what aisle anything was in and when it was crowded with people too oblivious to realize that they’re in her way as they stop and check their phone, both of which were true today.

And, she was learning, she also didn’t like grocery shopping while she had to pee.

Truth be told, she was embarrassed at the situation. How many times could she find herself with a full bladder at exactly the least opportune moment?

The memory of those other times, invariably ending in wet clothing, was almost enough to make her ditch her shopping cart in search of the restrooms. But only almost. Her cart was half-full by this point, and there was no guarantee all - or any - of it would still be here when she returned, and she really didn’t want to have to start over. And, she reminded herself, she was wearing a pad.

She hadn’t put in on for that reason, of course! It was just in case her period came early. And she wasn’t going to need it. She was going to finish her shopping, drive home, and pee in the toilet like the grown woman she is.

No matter how slowly she moved through the store, no matter the increasing pressure in her bladder, no matter her traitorous thoughts of why not let a little out? The pad will catch it. Just to take the edge off, it’ll feel so good…

No. She’d wet herself enough lately.

Oh, but she did have to go.

She was searching for the last item on the list - where the hell did they move the bread to? - when she realized she was in the pharmacy aisle. Normally this wouldn’t have caught her attention, but today, no doubt because of the thoughts swirling in her head, she noticed the shelves of adult diapers.

Not that they called them that, instead preferring terms like “absorbent underwear” or “protective briefs,” but that’s what they were. Adult diapers. For adults who couldn’t be trusted to make it to the bathroom in time.

For adults like Alice.

She tore her eyes away from the diapers and pushed her cart down the aisle with fresh determination. She didn’t need diapers. She’d just had a string of bad luck lately, that was all. She was perfectly capable of controlling herself.

Her bladder throbbed, as if in disagreement.

No matter. She’d found the bread at last, and now all she had to do was check out.

Which meant waiting in a long line, because half the self-checkout machines were broken and there was only one cashier. Alice felt like she should have expected that.

Standing in line meant she could more easily squeeze her thighs together, but it also meant there was no distraction from how badly she needed to pee. Her mind returned to those rows of adult diapers, and she couldn’t stop herself from imagining what it would be like if she was wearing one. If she didn’t have to worry about holding it, if she could just relieve herself where she stood with no one any the wiser…

Then she caught herself. of course she didn’t wish she was wearing a diaper, that would be crazy. All she wanted was to get out of here and use the bathroom.

Finally, she made it to the register, and began loading her items on the belt, discovering as she did the the movement put additional strain on her already-exhausted bladder.

Still, she thought she might have made it if she was rung up by anyone other than what must have been the slowest cashier in the world. As it was, she was bagging her milk when she leaked.

She clamped down as hard as she could, but her desperation was so great that she continued to dribble for several long moments before she managed to cut off the flow. She froze in a panic as the hot pee puddled against her skin, but this time it was wicked away by her pad rather than running down her legs. She surreptitiously checked the seat of her pants, but everything felt dry.

She checked the people around her just to be sure, but no one was staring at her. Her secret was safe, but she still knew. She still knew that she’d just wet herself for the fourth time in barely a month, and embarrassment washed over her.

It wasn’t helped by the knowledge that she wasn’t out of the woods yet. This lapse in control had been contained, but would the next?

She’d just have to make sure there wasn’t a next, and she clenched even harder.

But she’d been desperate and holding for long enough that her groin was just an undifferentiated blur of discomfort, and the amount she’d leaked was too little to take any pressure off her poor bladder, but it was enough to make her pad wet against her oversensitive skin.

Her groceries were bagged and she was paying - the credit card reader was also being extra slow today - when her control faltered again. It took longer this time for her pee to be absorbed by the pad, and for a terrifying moment she wasn’t sure that all of it would be, that it would overflow and run down her legs and puddle on the floor and everyone would see her accident -

But her thighs stayed dry. And her card finally went through, so she yanked it back from the reader and left the store as fast as she could without triggering another leak.

She made it halfway across the parking lot - she’d had to park all the way at the back today - before disaster struck. Another long stream escaped her, and this time her pad couldn’t contain all of it. She felt the hot pee spill over the edge of her pad, seeping into the seat of her pants and dripping down her leg.

&&

She walked as fast as she could to her car, hoping her shorts are dark enough and everyone else is far enough away not to notice the wet spot. The increased pace does nothing to help the remaining tatters of her control, and by the time she’s reached her car she’s started to pee again. And this time she didn’t think she could stop it.

Oh, well. It wasn’t like she was going to be able to hold it for the drive back anyway. So Alice ducked between her car and the next and let herself pee. Her sodden pad puts up no more resistance and it streamed down her legs and splashed in the growing puddle at her feet. She could feel the wetness seeping up the back of her panties and spilling into the front of her pants, leaving a wet patch she could see when she looked down.

&&

&&

After what felt like an eternity her bladder is finally empty, though pee continued to drip from her. She checks for spectators (none, thank god), then hastily loaded her groceries in trunk and climbed into the driver’s seat, her pad squishing as she did.

The drive back to her apartment wasn’t long, but there’s no distraction from her wet clothes. From her accident.

Her fourth accident.

Yes, she could find an excuse for each one. Heavy traffic, no toilet nearby, a long line, a crowded store. But -

But none of those are exactly rare circumstances, are they? Traffic and long lines happen every day without people wetting themselves because of it. And “I can hold it as long as I don’t have to wait at all” is really just a long way of saying “I can’t hold it.”

Again, she remembered the products she’d walked past not half an hour ago, the kind made specifically for adults who can’t hold it.

She pushed that thought aside. She can’t need diapers. She just… can’t.

She got home, checked for neighbors before getting out of her car, just in case her wet pants are more noticeable than she thought, and carried her groceries in. She headed for the kitchen, because there’s no point dashing to the bathroom now, is there?

She only went after she put the groceries away, and examined the damage in the mirror. Under the bright lights she could see the dampness, but it wasn’t not obvious. It could just be a shadow, until she kicked off her pants. Her pink panties were very clearly wet. And when she pulled them down, the yellow tint of her pad was evidence of its off-label use.

&&

Alice stepped into the shower to get the residue of urine off her skin, but she couldn’t wash away the worry that this would happen again.

