Looking for old Rexone312 story: Pixie

Author: archiveIsCool

*000*2025-12-25 22:58

It was posted on the Rexone312 account (yes, without an underscore), about a character named Pixie (Pixi?)

*002*2025-12-27 19:17

{{5 hours ago, Normie Fella said:

Maybe you're referring to this story on his blogspot?

%https://life-without-toilets.blogspot.com/p/extreme-stories.html?m=1&zx=835b4b6c97b669e6

}}

I think so. I looked through that blogspot multiple times, but could not find it

Are all the stories from the old Rexone312 account there?

*011*2025-12-29 21:09

The Blogspot seems to be mainly about characters from one or two continuing series.

I have no idea how you found the link, as it doesn't seem to be findable from the main page. The stories that were on the old account on this site seem to be totally disconnected from the main plot of the Blogspot.

I do recall at least one or two more stories that were on the old account, so I'm curious if anybody can find them on the blogspot, considering they will probably be unreachable without a direct link.

*012*2025-12-29 21:31

I did some digging on archive.org

I found three pages that it is seemingly not possible to navigate to.

%http://life-without-toilets.blogspot.com:80/p/extreme-stories.html

%http://life-without-toilets.blogspot.com:80/p/older-stories.html

%https://life-without-toilets.blogspot.com/p/omorashi-commissions-and-comics.html

The first one we've already seen, but the other two are new. However, they aren't functional, as they lead to missing blog entries. The archived versions on archive.org seem to be lost behind a non-functional Google login page.

*016*2025-12-31 15:56

{{On 12/30/2025 at 9:07 AM, Rexone_312 said:

You are right! I logged into my blogspot after nearly four years! It is all scattered in the backend. I have downloaded all my older stories, 5 like you mentioned. Will post them here now.

Also, I need you see which other stories I had posted here through my other account.

}}

I don't exactly remember, but to me it seems like all the stories on @Rexone312 vanished approximately a year ago

I don't know how many there were, I think it was between 1 and 3

