Chelsea's accident at home

Author: Anonymus123

*000*2023-10-25 17:28

It was a Sunday afternoon, Chelsea was lying on the couch in the living room, watching a marathon of her favorite show. Chelsea was only wearing a baggy blouse and her panties, as she was comfortable in those clothes, and she lived alone, so no one would say anything to her.

Chelsea had been there since morning, and she still didn't get up, only when she needed to pee, and she only went when they went to the commercials. Up until that point she hadn't felt the need to shit, something that relieved her, as she didn't want to miss much of the marathon.

She had been eating different types of junk food, such as chips, soda, pizza, candy, among many others. All with the excuse of not getting up to cook and missing part of the series.

However, as one of her favorite chapters began, Chelsea felt something pressing against her anus. She shifted awkwardly in place and shifted positions. But the pressure wasn't going away. Chelsea didn't want to get up to go to the bathroom, she was too busy with the show to get up at that moment.

"I can hold it until the commercials," Chelsea thought, eating another slice of pizza.

The pressure on Chelsea's anus was only getting worse, making Chelsea desperate, who were still struggling to endure everything and watch the series.

"Maybe, if I fart myself, the pressure will subside," Chelsea thought.

She lifted her butt a little and farted several stinky and wet farts, relieving the pressure in her intestines. After that, Chelsea didn't feel any more pressure for a few minutes.

The first round of commercials passed, but Chelsea didn't get up, thinking the pressure had just been those farts. But shortly after the commercials ended, Chelsea again felt pressure against their anus again, and this time much worse than the last.

Again, Chelsea thought they were just farts, so she relaxed her anus and kicked out the farts. However, the last fart was much, much wetter than the previous ones.

Chelsea didn't think much of it at first until, after a few seconds, she continued to feel that warm wetness on her butt. Worried, she put a hand to her ass, feeling something not solid back there.

"Fuck, I shitted myself!" She thought in alarm.

Chelsea wanted to get up, but the chapter was going for the better part. She thought she'd hold out as best she could until the next commercials.

However, that idea faded when she felt the strong urge to fart. Chelsea didn't trust that fart at all, so she tried to keep it in. But her efforts were in vain. After the first charge that came out, Chelsea's anus was left ajar, making it harder to contain everything.

The fart came out with a long snuff, followed by another semi-solid charge. Chelsea put a hand to her butt to try to hold everything manually and ran to the bathroom.

As she ran, several wet farts sounded, and her poop kept coming out uncontrollably. Overflowing her panties and falling to the floor with a splash.

In the bathroom, Chelsea pulled down her shit muddy panties and sat down on the toilet.

She didn't even have to push to get everything out, as she had been going out on her own for a few seconds. Chelsea looked down and saw her panties. Her favorite panties were to the brim of shit.

Soon, a stream of hot urine came out of his bladder. That was a small relief for Chelsea as she wouldn't have to worry about going to the bathroom for a couple of hours. But still, she couldn't get the fact that she had just shit herself out of her head

She had a lot to clean up, including herself.

When her bowels emptied, she took off her panties and tossed them in the trash before getting in the shower. She took a good bath to make sure she was completely clean. After that, she went to change and looked for some cleaning supplies to get rid of the mess she left on her way to the bathroom.

