Nathan's Best Day Ever

Author: Alex62

*000*2020-04-26 21:33

Thanks to ShadowPhantom for making this character and letting me use him. If you want to know more about his “king title” check out ShadowPhantom’s interactively “Make em Pee.”

Nathan’s Best Day Ever

Nathan awoke to the familiar feeling of his bladder giving out, and he knew right away he had an accident in his bed. He laid there and allowed himself to finish peeing; after all, he was already peeing, so why not finish.

Nathan shivered as the pee, and cold air hit him as he wore only briefs to bed. After he finished peeing, he looked at his phone to see the time; It was 3 am. He pulled his sheets back to look at the damage; his black briefs were soaked, and his light blue sheets had a painfully obvious pee stain, almost as big as him.

He couldn’t believe he was still having accidents at age 19, but at the same time, Nathan loved that he was. Nathan decided to have some fun with his Omorashi fetish, and he went back to bed in his soaked bed and briefs.

After 20 minutes, he managed to fall back asleep. Luckily for him, he woke up 5 hours later to his mom at his door, saying she was leaving for a day of shopping and she would be home around 4 so he would be home alone all day. This made Nathan smile as he knew he could have even more fun now with his fetish.

As he heard his mom leave, he jumped out of bed to start his exciting day. He ran out of his room and down the hall to the bathroom and looked at his naked reflection in the mirror, staring at his naked body and soaked black briefs. For a moment, he thought about peeing his briefs again but dismissed the idea as he decided to begin a hold and wanted to make sure he emptied his bladder entirely into the toilet.

He went over to the toilet and removed his wet briefs, and tossed them into the sink. He lifted the toilet lid and started to pee. Once he was done, and sure his bladder was fully emptied, he took a shower, cleaning himself from his bed time accident. After the shower he made his way back to his room, excited for the day ahead of him. As he got to his room, he opened up his closet and put on a new pair of briefs, also black, and some gray sweat shorts. He made his way to the kitchen, forgetting about his other briefs and his bed in his excitement.

As he made his way to the kitchen, he thought about what started this all. He had wet the bed for as long as he could remember. Usually, he could hide it pretty well, but sometimes he couldn’t, and his mom found out about his accident. This is mostly why Nathan wears only his briefs to bed; it made it easier to hide and clean up, besides the fact he likes wearing only his underwear to bed. At first, he didn’t like wetting his bed, but slowly he started to like it and would pee his pants on purpose when he was awake. But he would never do it in public, and he would die if anyone found out besides those that share his interest. This jump-started his fetish in all of this.

Arriving to the kitchen Nathan went to the fridge and got out ten water bottles. Nathan then went to the couch to watch some tv. He looked at the time on his phone, it read 9 am, so he had at least 7 hours until his mom got home. Nathan started drinking his water, starting some more omorashi fun.

He gulped down the first in a few minutes and started a second bottle. He slowly sipped the second, wanting to enjoy the experience. After an hour, his show finished, and he was barley desperate even though he had two out of the ten bottles. So Nathan decided to chug the third water bottle. He finished it in 10 seconds and pulled out his phone and check it. He saw he got a text message from Melissa and opened it to read it:

“Good win the other day” with a laughing face emoji and a heart emoji.

She had an obvious crush on him, and he had an obvious crush on her, so it was strange they haven’t dated yet. Nathan smiled at the text and responded with:

“Well, I couldn’t have done it without your help” with a winky face emoji.

He put his phone down, locking it as he started a new show as well as the fourth water bottle.

About halfway through his tv show, he finished the fourth water and started the fifth water bottle, Feeling himself beginning to get desperate. He slowly drank as he enjoyed the feeling of getting desperate. After he finished the fifth water bottle and another episode of his tv show, he felt a wave of desperation hit him, so he crossed his legs, putting one hand on his knee and squeezed his dick with the other just to be safe. He removed his hand from his crotch and started on bottle six.

His phone rang as his mom called him. Nathan answered the phone, hoping his desperation didn’t show in his voice. He sat there with crossed legs, one hand on his knee while he swings his top foot and one hand holding his phone to his ear. His mom said she would be home around 3:30-4 pm and said, “I love you” to Nathan as he said, “I love you too” and hung up the phone.

It was now 11:41 am, and Nathan drank bottle six as he got more desperate. Nathan crosses his legs tighter, but he knew he could hold on much longer; after all, he was the “holding king,” a title he got from his friend group. He finished bottle six as his show ended. Nathan decided to get up and walk around for a while to see how his bladder did. He uncrossed his legs and stood up to walk around; his bladder only felt slightly uncomfortable.

Nathan walked around randomly for a while and then decided to go the kitchen. He made his way to the kitchen again, and even though he had four water bottles left, Nathan decided to pour himself a glass of water as he wanted to see how his bladder did when he heard water being poured. As he poured the water, he found his legs crossed automatically. Nathan tried to uncross them, but his bladder didn’t like that at all, so Nathan kept them crossed till he finished pouring the glass. He turned off the water and uncrossed his legs, even though his bladder didn’t like it, and made his way back to the couch.

Once there, he sat down, crossing his legs knee over knee tightly right away and took a big sip of his water. Looking at his phone, he saw that it was 1:45 pm. He pushed play and watched his show swinging his top foot, enjoying himself. Nathan knew he was starting to get very desperate, and this turned him on as he couldn’t wait to pee his shorts.

He finished his large glass of water as his phone buzzed again, but this time a text message from his friend Erica. He opened it and read:

“You are lucky you won the other day, I almost had you. I want a rematch!”.

Nathan smiled as he remembered his holding match with her days before.

“You’re on” he sent with a smiley devil face emoji.

Laughing, he locked his phone as he checked the time, it read 2:13 pm. He uncrossed his legs as he grabbed his crotch, looking up at the tv.

He had to grab himself as his need got worse as the pressure on his bladder changed when he uncrossed his legs. He almost gave in, but since he reclaimed his title as “holding king,” he had to live up to it and hold much longer. Surely he could he thought not so sure.

He opened his seventh bottle and started to drink it as fast as he possibly could. He had to have one hand on his crotch while he drank it. Nathan leaned back while drinking as he thought about his first few accidents.

He always had wet the bed, but once he realized he liked doing so, he started to pee in his underwear. This is why he wore briefs; he liked peeing in them verses other underwear, and they were much easier to clean. This eventually led to Nathan peeing his shorts and finally his jeans. Now he loves wetting himself and is even in a group of friends that shares his interest. The group even has holding contest together sometimes.

After he finished bottle seven, he stared on bottle eight right away. Drinking was much more of a challenge now that his bladder was full. He managed to finish it and gulp down bottles nine and ten as well. After all ten bottles plus his cup of water, he was feeling more and more desperate. But he still was determined to last longer, so he got up and made a long, slow, and painful walk to the kitchen to open the fridge and get three more bottles of waters.

As he was walking back to the couch, he felt himself leak, and with his free hand, he grabbed himself to try to stop the flow. He stopped it, but his briefs felt very wet.

Nathan looked down at his pants and was glad no wet spot was visible, but he knew he couldn’t say the same about his briefs.

He sat back down, automatically crossing his legs as tightly as he could. Nathan knew he was at least at a 9.5/10 and wouldn’t last much longer, but he knew he must last as long as he could.

He gulped down one and a half of the bottles before he knew he couldn’t take another sip. Knowing he was at 9.9/10, and his mom would be home soon as it was 3 pm. He decided to go to his room so his pee wouldn’t make a mess on the carpet floor and not risk his mom catching him.

Nathan stood up slowly, and without uncrossing his legs, so he stood with cross legs when he first got up.

Nathan uncrossed his legs, but the switch from sitting to standing and crossed to uncrossed legs and now being at an 11/10, Nathan’s bladder released as he lost the battle he made for himself. Pee soaked his black briefs, making them shine with pee and soaked his gray sweat short as it ran down his legs, shining against his pale legs pooling on the red carpet below.

He felt so relaxed and relived and enjoyed every moment of his own pee escaping his now aching bladder and running against his skin, warming his body. After what seemed like hours, he stopped peeing, and he looked down at his shorts to see the damage he had done.

Pee was still dripping down his legs and onto the red carpet below. As he looked at his shorts, he got what he expected as they were soaked and showed his accident very obviously. After looking at his shorts, he pulled them down to look at his briefs, soaked as well, as well as shined with his freshly hot pee.

He pulled his shorts back up, enjoying the warm wetness of them and looked at the soaked red carpet. Panic and fear arouse in him as he had no idea how to clean a carpeted floor, and he knew if his mom came home, she would know what happened for sure.

He quickly grabbed his phone and sent a text message to his crush, who he knew had the same fetish as him, Melissa.

“Hey, I just did a hold and peed myself, how do I clean a carpeted floor?”

He waited anxiously for a response from her, and when he got one finally, of course, she had to tease him saying:

“What a king you are” with a laughing face emoji.

Of course, she also asked for pictures that Nathan sent of his shorts, briefs, and carpet floor.

Once she saw the carpet floor and how bad it was, she sent her reply immediately on what to do as she knew her crush would be embarrassed If his mom saw any evidence of his “accident.”

Nathan got the text and ran to get the supplies out of the closet and started to clean the carpet. He got the pee-stained carpet cleaned just as he heard his mom’s car pull into the garage.

Realizing he was still in his pee soaked shorts, he ran as fast as he could to his bathroom, slamming the door shut behind him and locking it. He then got into the shower fully clothed.

Nathan smiled to himself as he knew that he got away with what he just did and turned on the hot shower water. Nathan got undressed in the running shower then he cleaned himself and his pee soaked clothes.

He got out of the shower and dried off. Nathan wrapped the towel around him as he was about to walk out when to his horror he saw his wet briefs from the night before as he realized his bed still showed painfully obvious evidence of his genuine accident and knew his mom might have seen. His heart felt like it dropped to his feet as he made his slow walk to his room.

Sure enough, when he got to his room, his mom was standing over his bed, looking at it with both her hands on her hips and a disappointed look on her face.

“What’s up, mom” Nathan said shyly as he knew exactly what was up.

She turned around fast, but it seemed so slow to Nathan. She looked at him in his eyes, and Nathan felt like she could be reading his mind.

“Did you have an accident again?”

Nathan was embarrassed and tried to play dumb.

“What kind of accident?”

His mom just rolled her eyes, knowing what Nathan was doing and said:

”Did you pee your bed again, Nathan?”

Nathan turned bright red and felt like he was burning up as sweat and shower water soaked him. He nodded his head slowly. His mom felt sorry as she knew it was an accident, but she also knew he was way too old for this.

“You are nineteen, Nathan, your way to old for this to be still happening! Where are your underwear?!”

She asked in a disappointed tone.

“In the bathroom.”

He responded quietly, not looking up at his mom, not believing he got caught because he forgot, in his own excitement about his bed.

His mom took off his wet sheets and made her way to the bathroom to get his wet briefs without saying another word to him. As she went to get his pee soaked briefs from the restroom, Nathan put on clean clothes, purple briefs, black gym shorts, and a t-shirt as he got a text message from Melissa:

“Did it come out? By the way nice undies!” She said with a winky face.

Nathan turned red in embarrassing after he read he comment about his “undies” and laughed as he wishes that was his only problems and responded:

“It did, thank you, but I have another problem now. Tell you later. I have to go.”

He put his phone in his gym shorts pocket and went to find his mom, as ready as he could be to face her. Nathan found her putting his wet briefs and wet sheets in the wash.

This sight embarrassed him again as he turned bright red once again and started to cry.

His mom saw that and couldn’t help but to go over and hugged him.

“Honey, don’t cry, but you shouldn’t be having accidents like this still at your age. Your nineteen.”

She said as she kissed him on the top of his head, messing up his black hair again.

“Okay,” Nathan said

He smiled since he knew what he did to the carpet was his secret still as well as his omorashi fetish.

*002*2020-04-28 22:59

{{2 minutes ago, coloradowet said:

Not to be jerk or anything, but I really do not appreciate a PM requesting me to read through your story and commenting on it! I like to receive personal messages that are.... well more personal.

You started off by saying "hi" I responded "yo", then you asked your request to review your writing. Since I've never chatted with you before it was pretty disappointing as I was hoping it was someone who actually wanted to chat.

Anyway, for some reason, since the site update, I do not have a down-vote option so I figure Id share my mind. I assume I'm not the only one you spammed.

}}

I’m sorry you felt that way. I’m new to writing so would love some feedback from others. If you would like to chat I’ll love to chat with you:)

*004*2020-04-28 23:05

{{Just now, coloradowet said:

Rt on, I just felt soliciting approval/feedback through PM's was a bit of a over-reach... Im not much a "fiction" reader but maybe ill give it a shot at some point.

}}

Alright I get what your saying, I’m sorry. I sent u a PM to talk:)

