Defender of Kanezaka

Author: Anon_User

*000*2024-01-22 12:19

In the village of Kanezaka, Kiriko was known as the Defender. With her fiery determination and unwavering spirit, she had earned this title at a young age of 22. She stood as the last line of defense against any threats to the village, a role she took with both pride and naivety.

Kiriko possessed a unique power bestowed upon her by the mystical kitsune spirits. As their chosen one, she commanded the ability to harness their energy and channel it into extraordinary strength and agility. She had trained relentlessly to master these skills, believing she was invincible.

But even a Defender has an advisor, and Sakura was hers. With her strict demeanor and serious countenance, Sakura was like a guiding force in Kiriko's life. Standing tall, her ample bosom a symbol of wisdom and experience, she was the embodiment of authority.

One day, Kiriko sought counsel from Sakura in her small study. They sat across from each other, Sakura sifting through ancient scrolls, and Kiriko fidgeting with her brimming confidence.

"Tell me, Sakura," Kiriko began, her voice mixed with hesitation, "what is my role as the Defender of Kanezaka?"

Sakura looked up, her tired eyes surveying Kiriko. "Your duty, my dear, extends beyond mere physical protection. As the Defender, you hold the responsibility of safeguarding the well-being of the women in our village."

Kiriko furrowed her brow, her naivety showing. "What do you mean, Sakura? How can I protect them in any other way?"

Sakura leaned forward, her voice filled with a gravity that demanded Kiriko's attention. "It is said that the kitsune have blessed you with the gift of control. A unique power that allows you to hold in large amounts of pee."

Confusion swept over Kiriko's face. "Hold in...pee?" she stammered, her mind racing to comprehend how this related to her role as Defender.

Sakura's tone turned stern. "Yes, Kiriko. As the Defender of Kanezaka, it is your duty to be the reservoir of bladder strength for our women. In times of danger or scarcity, you must hold their burdens, quite literally, within you."

Kiriko's hesitance grew, her youthful arrogance waning. The weight of the responsibility crushed upon her. She questioned her own capability to fulfill such a strange and unorthodox role.

But Sakura's voice broke through her uncertainty. "Remember, Kiriko, this is the honor bestowed upon you by the kitsune themselves. To disregard it would be to defy their will. It is a choice between honor or death."

Silence enveloped the room as Kiriko contemplated her decision. She knew deep within her heart that she couldn't shirk her duty, no matter how peculiar it seemed. With a renewed determination, she met Sakura's unwavering gaze.

"I accept, Sakura. As the Defender of Kanezaka, I will protect the women's bladders with all my strength and resolve."

Sakura smiled, a glimmer of pride shining in her eyes. "You have made the right choice, young one. The kitsune shall guide you on this path."

And so, Kiriko embraced her newfound role, vowing to honor the kitsune and protect the women of Kanezaka. Little did she know that this strange responsibility would test not only her physical prowess but also her inner strength and resilience.

The sun's soft rays peeked through the curtains, gently nudging Kiriko awake. She stretched, yawned, and felt a twinge of excitement in her chest. Today was the day she began her new role as the Defender of Kanezaka's bladders.

With a determined spirit, Kiriko slipped into a white tank-top and pulled on thin black leggings, putting them over her belly button. She knew she had to be prepared for what lay ahead. As she admired her reflection in the mirror, she took a deep breath, embracing the weight of responsibility.

Downing a glass of water, Kiriko started her morning routine by hydrating herself fiercely. One cup turned into two, then three, then four. Eight cups of water later, she felt her bladder filling up, but she remained resolute. She had to prove herself as the Defender, and that meant holding in her own needs.

Hours passed, and Kiriko found herself pacing around the dojo, her mind consumed by thoughts of her full bladder. She clenched her teeth, desperate to distract herself from the mounting pressure. Every step she took seemed to amplify the strain within her, but she refused to falter.

As she glanced down at her lower abdomen, Kiriko noticed a small bulge forming in her leggings. It felt stiff and hard against her skin, a constant reminder of her fullness. She winced, her voice trembling as she muttered, "Oh man… I need to go."

The challenge to maintain control grew more intense with each passing moment. Kiriko's every movement became a battle against herself, her willpower tested to its limit. She knew that yielding to her body's demands would be a betrayal of her role as the Defender.

With beads of sweat dotting her forehead, Kiriko soldiered on. She clenched her fists, digging her nails into her palms as she fought against the persistent urge.

As the sun began to set over Kanezaka, Sakura, the advisor to the Defender, made her way to Kiriko's home. Concern etched across her face, she wanted to see how Kiriko was holding up with her newfound responsibility.

Opening the door, Sakura was greeted by a sight that shocked her. There stood Kiriko, her young, determined face betraying the hidden pain she tried so desperately to conceal. Sakura's eyes widened as she caught sight of the bulging bladder sticking out from Kiriko's lower abdomen. It was clear that she had been holding in an immense amount of pee.

"How are you feeling, Kiriko?" Sakura asked, her voice filled with genuine worry.

"I'm fine," Kiriko replied, her voice strained as she fought to hide her discomfort. She hoped Sakura wouldn't notice the pain etched in her eyes or the way she squirmed and fidgeted.

Sakura wanted to discuss something important with Kiriko, something that concerned the women in the village, but she couldn't ignore the incredible burden Kiriko was bearing. "Would you like a drink?" Sakura asked, offering her a cup of water.

"Thank you," Kiriko said gratefully, accepting the water and taking a small sip. She knew she couldn't afford to drink too much, no matter how parched her throat felt.

Sakura's voice softened as she spoke, "The women in the village were content and happy today, Kiriko. They didn't have to worry about any bladder problems because you took on this role. Your sacrifice means so much to them."

A small smile tugged at the corners of Kiriko's lips, although it was quickly replaced by a wince as her bulging bladder protested against the strain.

Sakura placed a hand on Kiriko's shoulder, her eyes filled with admiration. "Keep up the great work as the Defender of Women's Bladders, Kiriko. Your determination is inspiring, and the women of Kanezaka are grateful for your sacrifice."

Kiriko nodded, her determination renewed by Sakura's words. She knew she couldn't let them down. As Sakura turned to leave, the weight of her task heavy on her shoulders, Kiriko vowed to continue protecting the village, even if it meant enduring this incredible physical struggle.

Kiriko lay in her bed, exhausted and longing for some rest. But her desperate need to pee made it impossible to find any solace. Her bladder throbbed with pain, aching to be relieved. Clutching her bulging bladder with her hands, she quickly pulled down her leggings underneath the bulge, careful not to squeeze it too tightly. The pressure was becoming unbearable.

She tried to find a comfortable position, shifting from side to side, but the constant ache persisted. Her eyes grew heavy, but her bladder refused to grant her the mercy of sleep. It seemed as though her need to pee had become an insurmountable obstacle, a battle that she fought against her own body.

Finally, exhaustion took over, and Kiriko drifted into a fitful slumber. When morning arrived, she sat up in her bed, hoping for a brief respite from her bladder's demands. But as soon as her feet touched the floor, a sudden wave of desperation and pain washed over her.

She crossed her legs tightly, clutching her hands against her bulging bladder once again, as if to physically control the urge. Looking down, she noticed that her bulge had grown even larger since Sakura had given her that water to drink. Panic surged through her, but she refused to let it take control. "Hold it, Kiriko," she whispered to herself, determination gleaming in her eyes.

She fought against the wave of desperation, clenching her muscles and repeating the mantra of self-control. Gradually, the intensity subsided, leaving her with a lingering discomfort. With a deep breath, Kiriko gathered her strength and managed to get out of bed, her steps slow and careful.

Waddling to the kitchen, she knew that the day ahead would be a struggle. She poured herself a cup of water and sighed, knowing that she needed to stay hydrated. But as she raised the cup to her lips, she couldn't help but dance and squirm, trying to alleviate the pressure that threatened to consume her.

Every sip sent a shiver down her spine, a reminder of the battle she fought within her own body. But Kiriko was determined to be the Defender, to protect the women of Kanezaka, and that meant enduring this painful challenge.

She stood there, drinking the entire cup of water, feeling her bladder swell with each passing second. She danced with desperation as she fought against her body's demands, refusing to surrender.

With the cup drained, Kiriko gasped for breath, her hands firmly grabbing her ever-expanding bladder. The struggle would continue, the battle raged on, but she wouldn't give in. Not yet.

A few days had passed since Kiriko had taken on the role of Defender of Women's Bladders. She had not encountered any major problems thus far, despite the immense pressure building within her. Her bladder bulged, massive in size, resembling a watermelon that she cradled in her hands to prevent the extra weight of pee from pulling her down.

Word of Kiriko's selfless actions had spread throughout the village, thanks to Sakura's heartfelt words. The women of Kanezaka now knew of the Defender's sacrifice, and they came to visit her daily. They brought drinks to quench her thirst and admired her bulging bladder in awe and gratitude.

Even the little girls, who would one day face their own bladder issues as adults, flocked to Kiriko. They offered her drinks, their eyes wide with admiration as they touched her bulge with gentle hands. Kiriko's determination and sacrifice inspired them, filling their hearts with hope for a future where their bladders would be protected.

But within Kiriko, desperation and pain intertwined. The weight of her bladder pressed upon her relentlessly, demanding release. Yet, she remained resolute, committed to being the Defender of Kanezaka and the Defender of Women's Bladders.

*005*2024-01-28 06:06

{{11 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

A great story!

Should you decide to continue until the point where she can't hold it anymore I'll definitly enjoy reading it!

}}

Thank you. Sorry to ruin any expectations, but I’m not one who likes to make multiple parts of one story. I prefer a one and done. Glad you liked it though

