Late nights make for long mornings

Author: acer913

*000*2018-02-04 10:53

This is my first attempt at writing. I was lucky enough to get a detailed outline from one of the authors that I have read many times, Rick Dixon. Please be nice and not too nit picky on the spelling or the grammar as I am not even close to a professional writer. The first post is a "normal" ending, and the second post starts the same through most of it, then reflects an ending of a tread that I enjoyed of Rick's and am trying to resurrect with this story.

Liz loved her life. She was only 20, still in the prime of her life. Her body was thicker in all the right places that garnered her all the attention that she wanted, plus some that made a slightly shy girl like her blush, but she only had eye's for her true knight in shining armor, Tom. She had a job that let her set her own hours, yet make enough to cover her rent and still have a good time.

Tom and Liz had been together for a couple years before they had decided to move in to a house with a couple of other friends that they had known for their whole lives. The house was beautiful. The only drawback was that there was only one bathroom. As their friends Tiffany and Jeff work opposite hours from Tom at the bar, Liz was free any time she wanted, and their other roomie Sarah only seemed to be home once every couple of days to shower, so this wasn't really a big problem for the five friends.

One warm summer night when the AC was on the fritz again, Liz went down to the bar where Tom worked. Dating the bartender had its perks, free cold drinks were a welcome break from the heat of the day.

After a couple hours Liz started to feel a very slight need to pee. She wasn't worried though. After a very embarrassing incident at camp she had developed amazing control of her bladder. Anything to not have to live through the embarrassment again, But she figured with the bathroom situation the way it could be in her house she might want to duck off for a quick one.She downed her drink and headed off to the bathroom, looking for a bit of relief before she headed home. Just as she rounded the corner she saw an older woman with her hand burred in her crotch come storming up the hall ranting about how a bar should have a functioning toilet, and how she was going to report this to the health board.

Liz could see from there that there was a steady steam of water coming from under the door of the lady's room. Not being one of those girls brash enough to strut in the mens, Liz decided she would just head home and call it a night. After kissing Tom goodnight and wishing him luck with the growing crowd of bouncy, irritate, desperate women demanding something be done, She gave herself a quick squeeze and hopped in a cab and headed home.

It was quiet in the house, Too quiet. "Oh well" Liz said to herself, must be Tiff and Jeff were either asleep, fighting again, or both. They were one of those couples that could always fight, but were still madly in love with each other.

As liz took off her four inch heels she had to stop for a couple seconds and clench. "Damn, I godda go" she thought. Stopping by her and Tom"s room liz stripped off her shirt to reveal a simple white bra, and shimmied out of her skin tight jeans. Standing there in just her white bra and panties, Liz admired her curves in the mirror. The same curves that she had cursed as a teen now filled out her clothes in a way that she loved. Stretching to the celing she was once again reminded of her now more pressing need.

Liz walked; or more stumbled, as the last of her drinks were hitting her hard now, to the bathroom. Clicking on the light a sudden movement in the tub startled her and almost made a spurt shoot past her iron sphincter.

Jeff was there with his blanket and pillow, and apon realizing who it was shouted "If she thinks I'm going to admit she was right, she has another thing coming." Shocked Liz just stood there for a second contemplating on weather she had to go bad enough to shoulder the embarrassment of going in front of her friend. Another muffled shout from Jeff To get out because some people had real jobs was enough to scare her out of the room.

Standing in the hall Liz started to rub her shapely thies together and her hand strayed to the crotch of her panties. Even in her inebriated state her brain was working enough to know that she would eventually run out of time as the pressure was starting to build in her bladder. With a final clench of her muscles, Liz started through the house to find Tiffany, to see if she could convince Jeff to leave the bathroom.

Apon arriving to Jeff and Tiffany's room Liz stopped for one more quick squeeze before she knocked. After entering the room Liz got to hear a twenty minuet rant from Tiffany on all of the things that Jeff had ever done. It all ended with her saying "And then the idiot said he would rather sleep in the tub than deal with me. Can you believe that? Rather a cold bathroom than a warm bed with someone like me."

Through this rant Liz tried to be the good friend and offer help. This was getting harder, because all the drinks were not only effecting her brain but were rapidly swelling her bladder. Tiffany was to mad to notice all the fidgeting from her friend and didn't even pick up on the hint Liz tried to drop when she said, " Well he can't just stay in the bathroom all night, wouldn't mind ducking in there myself before bed." Tiffany just thought Liz was trying to be a good friend, Not someone looking out for herself and her by now very uncomfortable bladder.

After Tiffany went in the bathroom there was some loud words that slowly started to sound calm. Liz couldn't really concentrate on them anymore. Her hand started to stray to her crotch as the pressure built in her bladder. She yawned and started to realize just how tired this had all made her.

Liz opened her eyes. She was on a stage, all eyes were on her. The lead of the camp play had been given to her, and it was the final performance. She had just muddled up her lines because the pressure in her bladder was screaming to let out the three sodas she had drank at lunch. As she felt her face grow red with embarrassment she felt her dress get wetter.

BOOM. Liz fell over in the hall `waking herself up. It was a dream that she woke up from far too often for her taste. Looking about lazily Liz saw that there was a touch of color in the sky. Walking by the open bathroom, compleatley forgetting about the toilet she still needed, she headed for her room for her morning after remedy. A red Gatorade and a couple painkillers for her pounding head. Feeling a chill liz glanced in the mirror, only then realizing her attire. She grabbed a robe and decided to head to the kitchen to watch the sunrise.

Still groggy from last night Liz decides to start breakfast for the early risers in the house. After hitting the start button on the coffee maker she pulled up one of the tall chairs to the counter and sat down to wait for the coffee to start. Her legs dandled gracefully from the tall chair and she looked down at her perfectly painted toes. Loving the fact that she could always wear sandals as she was always proud of how her feet looked. She could feel the breeze of her legs moving back and forth on the insides of her perfectly shaped calves as they kept peeking trough the opening on the front of the green robe she was wearing. She was thicker than some girls but she was happy how strong her legs were and always loved the way her calves looked when she flexed them.

The sun just started peeking through the window. This time of day was always so beautiful to her. Her vision fallowed the stream of light from the window to where it landed. Right on her upper thighs. As she looked the coffee maker finally started to drip, maybe she would have to clean th, "Ohhhhh" she moaned as her train of thought was broken by an urgent need to pee. It rushed back in her brain how many drinks she had had the night before and all the drama with Tiffany and Jeff. It all added up to a bulging full bladder that was just going to get worse with the gaterade that she had finished off for her head.

Liz heard movement in the house and knew she would have to move fast to get to the bathroom. Going through the house she saw Sarah starting a load of laundry, and being able to smell a bit of the funk from her robe stopped for a second to toss it in with her load. She hadn't seen Sarah in a few days and Sarah loved to talk when she was around. Liz tried to toss the robe and keep moving, but Sarah blocked the hallway and started talking. Liz was now standing in just her white tshirt and panties. The cool of the night had lowered the temperature in the house making liz shiver. This had two results her nipples on her ample chest got hard enough that some might be concerned that they might just cut through the thin shirt, and her bladder had the worst spasm yet.

Crossing her legs she tried to be nonchalant, and not let on to Sarah how bad she needed to pee. This all came to an end when Sarah pressed start on the washing machine. As the water started to fall into the machine Liz moaned and her hand shot to her crotch as she started to dance in front of her friend.

Sarah had always had a thing for Liz, And had been very happy seeing a desperate person in the house from time to time with the bathroom situation. She tried to hold Liz up longer, feeling herself grow moist and her own nipples harden as she looked Liz up and down. Liz had her legs crossed hard, the muscles were flexing all the way up causing a very attractive effect. She had one hand buried in her crotch and the other was resting on the bulge that was above her panties. She looked like she was in mid pregnancy it was getting so big.

Finally Liz couldn't take the noise of the water anymore. Every thought she had was keeping the flood at bay. What would Sarah think if she peed herself. Liz knew she wouldn't be able to live it down. .It would be even worse than the dream she had. She was a big girl who could control herself. A big girl she thought to herself. Suddenly another wave mad her moan, "OHHH. Sorry Sarah I've got to go bad, there's coffee started I'll talk to you when I'm out."

Sarah watched as her friend moved past her. She was disappointed that she couldn't draw it out long enough to see a wet spot on Liz's panties, but she had places she had to be today, so she had to leave. She did give one last look back to see Liz with her shapely bottom swaying side to side hobbling towards the bathroom and her relief.

Liz was starting to reach the end of her tether. She was starting to wonder if she would make it to the toilet that she ached for. Arriving at the bathroom she found the door closed, knocking she said "Who's in there I need to get in there pl...please" her voice was strained from the effort it took to not wet herself. There was no answer but she heard Tiffany and Jeff's voices behind the door. "Damn, must have made up again" Liz moaned. curse her luck, ten feet from her reliefe and she couldn't get there. Liz knew the lock on the door was broken and a more bold girl might just barge in and plop herself down in this situation, but she just couldn't do it.

Leaning against the wall Liz crossed her legs double with her hand buried in her crotch. She couldn't think strait. It felt like literal waves were trying to push out. Liz closed her eyes and squeezed back another wave, she thought it sounded like a wounded dog was whining in the house, it took a few seconds for her to realize that the sound was coming from her on every breath. Looking down she saw how far her belly had expanded now. Her panties were now stretched out and cutting a line in her skin. She then realized that without thinking she had pushed the gusset of her panties to the side and was pushing directly on her pee hole. flushing with embarrassment she pulled the gusset back in place and started to dance around, bouncing, tapping, moaning, whining, This was getting really bad for her, her stomach was starting to hurt as her bladder cramped. her legs felt like they were on fire from the flexing they had been doing.

Liz composed herself enough to knock once more whimpering as she does, "Come on guys please hur..hurry up, I really really have to pee. Its been like seven hou....hours" her voice breaking off and the lsat word coming out as more of a sob than anything as her bladder tried to squeeze down again. She had been dancing and making so much noise that she hadn't heard the shower on in the bathroom, but when Tiffany poked her head out the door Liz almost fell over with the sight of running water. Her pee made a serious attempt ate freedom and it was all she could do to clamp it off. Looking up at Tiffany she made a pathetic attempt to say something, but it just came out as incoherent whimpering.

Tiffany knew both her and Jeff had to go to work soon and was not going to have her shower quickee. Plus Liz was always mentioning how many times Tiffany had to pee when they went out for drinks. Almost saying she was inferior for her smaller bladder. "Well" Tiff thought "Guess Its time for you to be desperate." Tiffany looked her friend in her eye's and said "Look if your going to dance around in the hall at least keep it down." Slamming the door in Liz's face as she tried to push in to the bathroom.

Liz was shocked. she stood there hands and sphincter trying to hold back an angry ocean and her friend wouldn;t just let her pee. For ten minuets she did everything she could to hold. She had been working so hard that sweat was starting to soak her shirt and make it see through. Her crotch and hands had sweat so much that she wasn't sure if she was starting to loose it or not. By the time The couple left the bathroom and walked by she was almost in another world and was moaning in a whimpering sobbing voice "big girl...bi..big..g..g..girl"

She moved as fast as she could to the toilet while not relinquishing her hold on her pee hole. Only to find what almost put her over the edge, The bowl was full to the brim of murky water. Tears started to fall slowly down her face. What was she going to do now.

Close to a complete melt down Tom walked up to her. He had had a long night getting the toilets working at the bar and Jeff had woke him from his slumber on the couch to tell him the toilet was busted here to. He was greeted by the sight of his girlfriend in the most desperate state that he had ever seen someone in without wetting. He knew she had a phobia about people seeing her pee and knew this was his chance to get what he had always wanted.

Tom valiantly tried to get the toilet working while Liz perched herself on the counter, legs crossed grinding her lips into the hard counter top. She was exhausted and every muscle was starting to cramp. But she couldn't wet herself in front of Tom, what would he think of dating a woman who peed herself like a baby. Tom on the other hand was in heaven. the whimpering sobs his girlfriend made and seeing the look of pained desperation was more than enough to get him extremely excited and he couldn't believe that she didn't just go in the shower or the sink that she was right next to.

Liz saw Tom stand up and stretch his back through tear filled eyes. He looked at her and said "Well I'll have to go to the hardware store in a couple hours to get what I need." This was too much for poor Liz. She felt a one second spurt burst out of her. She almost screamed with the pain that it cost her to clamp down and stop it. Tom watched as her panties got wetter than just the sweat and saw a small trickle make its way down the length of her shapely legs. He had always been a bit turned on by seeing women having to pee. The night before with the toilets being broke at the bar had given him a couple shows, but no one had wet themselves. After that disappointment Tom was not going to miss this chance.

Liz had some how regained control, just barely, when through her tear filled eyes she saw tom start some slow music on his phone. She had no idea what he was doing, but her hope was that he was trying to cover the sound of her desperation so anyone who might still be in the house wouldn't hear. She quickly found out how wrong she was.

Tom reached out and pulled liz off the counter, with her legs twisted together as they were she was barley able to stand, but she was grateful her hero was there for her. As tom gazed down at Liz he really loved the look of shock on her face as he reached over and opened the door of the bathroom, hugged her close, and started to dance her out to the hallway. In her desperate state he was the one doing all the "dancing" and all her feet were really doing were sliding across the floor. Each move Tom made sent a new wave of misery through Liz. Her whole body felt it was on fire as her muscles cramped and her cheeks were soaked in her tears from the entirety of the whole situation.

Tom pulled her close in one of his "moves" causing her now almost constant whining and whimpering to turn to a yelp and a two second blast of pee to rush out as Tom felt what almost felt like a basketball press into him. Tom could feel his pant leg get wet, as it soaked up the liquid off of her legs. This was it for him, he had to see this beautiful, sweating woman lose control.

Liz had finally gotten over the shock enough to start making whole words again instead of just incoherent noises. "Please...PLEA...se....I...need..t..t..t..top...p...ppp...PEE" The last word came out as a scream. Tom just smiled a slightly wicked smile that she had never seen before and struck a bit of fear into her very being.

Tom whipped Liz around one last time, she could feel drops statr to escape. Not a stream just drop after burning drop. Her breathing and heart rate were reaching an almost dangerous level as the only thing that was keeping her muscles clamped down was an almost primal fear of the embarrassment that emptying her bladder here would cause. Tom gave her one last squeeze and then pulled her back into a deep dip. Liz let out a small scream in the squeeze and then a loud shriek when Tom bent her over backwards.

Liz's body could take no more in this position, and the now almost constant dripping turned into a torrent. To her it almost felt as if the urine was being ripped out of her. Her eyes squeezed shut almost as tight as her bladder was pushing down, as she put every bit of energy into closing her overworked muscles, but it was no use, the best she could do was slow the stream, as she begged herself, "No no no, please please, not here. Not again, Big g..." in a quivering weak voice. This attempt caused her so much pain that she screamed again.

As Tom almost lovingly layed her the rest of the way down on the floor, so he could get a good view of the awe inspiring show his girlfriend was putting on, Liz finally forced her eyes open almost in a daze, still repeating "no" every few seconds. She had been peeing for almost 45 seconds by now and the puddle was still growing rapidly as she layed in it. Liz's clothes clung to her body from the moisture, and were now not hiding anything as she glanced down at herself and her legs had opened in her minds attempt to stop the pain from her cramped muscles. This gave Tom an unobstructed view as the pee was now blasting from between her legs with enough force to make it seem as if the panties weren't even there.

Liz heard laughter behind her and as her bladder was finally reducing her pressure down to a trickle, she looked around and saw all three of her other housemates standing there, drawn to the hallway by her screams of pain and her crying. They were all taking little steps back as her pee threatened to wet their feet. Then Liz noticed something that made her panic even more than she already was, Sarah had her phone out and there was a red light on the front.

Liz broke down and wept like she had never wept before as the knowledge and embarrassment washed through her. Her bladder finally empty, she tried to stand up and run to the bathroom. Her legs were still cramped, causing her to fall back into her puddle with a splash. On her second try she finally got upright and stumbled into the bathroom. 

As her mind tried to wrap itself around what just happened and what her "friends" and "boyfriend" had just done to her she started to peal off her see-through panties and shirt. She was now shivering from not only the shock, but the chill of being soaked. Reaching out she turned the nob on the shower. Only the smallest trickle came out. standing there in complete shock she didn't know what to do. As she looked at the miniscule amount of water, her bladder squeezed again and matched the trickle from the shower for a couple more seconds. Her legs gave out and she wept as she tried to think of how she would be able to wash herself, and she just sat there and cried as she broke down compleatly.

Alternate ending.

Tom valiantly tried to get the toilet working while Liz perched herself on the counter, legs crossed grinding her lips into the hard counter-top. She was exhausted and every muscle was starting to cramp. But she couldn't wet herself in front of Tom, what would he think of dating a woman who peed herself like a baby. Tom on the other hand was in heaven. the whimpering sobs his girlfriend made and seeing the look of pained desperation was more than enough to get him extremely excited and he couldn't believe that she didn't just go in the shower or the sink that she was right next to.

Liz saw Tom stand up and stretch his back through tear filled eyes. He looked at her and said "Well I'll have to go to the hardware store in a couple hours to get what I need." This was too much for poor Liz. She felt a one second spurt burst out of her. She almost screamed with the pain that it cost her to clamp doun and stop it. Tom watched as her panties got wetter than just the sweat and saw a small trickle make its way down the length of her shapely legs. He had always been a bit turned on by seeing women having to pee. The night before with the toilets being broke at the bar had given him a couple shows, but no one had wet themselves. After that disappointment Tom was not going to miss this chance.

Liz had some how regained control, just barley, when through her tear filled eyes she saw tom start some slow music on his phone. She had no idea what he was doing, but her hope was that he was trying to cover the sound of her desperation so anyone who might still be in the house wouldn't hear. She quickly found out how wrong she was.

Tom reached out and pulled liz off the counter, with her legs twisted together as they were she was barley able to stand, but she was grateful her hero was there for her. As tom gazed down at Liz he really loved the look of shock on her face as he reached over and opened the door of the bathroom, hugged her close, and started to dance her out to the hallway. In her desperate state he was the one doing all the "dancing" and all her feet were really doing were sliding across the floor. Each move Tom made sent a new wave of misery through Liz. Her whole body felt it was on fire as her muscles cramped and her cheeks were soaked in her tears from the entirety of the whole situation.

Tom pulled her close in one of his "moves" causing her now almost impossibly hard bladder to press into him. Liz screamed "NOOO" she couldn't believe the pain that this caused. It felt as if her bladder was going to rip apart. "No" she thought, "It feels like I'm going to rip apart." Tom Loved the way she was squirming and the slipperiness of her skin from all the sweat, And squeezed again.

Liz was in agony. She felt her urine rushing to get out, but stopped by one cramped up muscle. She screamed again, High pitched and pitiful. This caused her housemates who were all ready to head out on their day to wait and come see what was happening. They walked into the hallway as Tom gave one last hard squeeze, reveling in the feeling of her bladder. He couldn't believe how hard it was. Liz on the other hand felt as if her whole being was ripped apart. BOOM. A sound like a gigantic balloon popping filled the house. Tom was now standing there with his arms around nothing.

The housemates didn't know what had happened, one second Liz was there, and the next with the BOOM, she was gone. The only thing left was a big ball of water that fell to the ground, as if a watter baloon were to disapear around it, and slpash onto the floor, sending dropplets covering them all.

Total shock filled the hallway as they all tried to posses what had happened and wondering of anyone would believe them, hell, if they even believed what they had saw.


