Bethany of the Isle 5: Friends in High Places

Author: AliasnameTO

*000*2018-12-28 19:18

I apologize for the length of this chapter, and the relative lack of pee stuff in the first part. But I still hope you love this story as much as I do. There is a little gratuitous foot focus, but that's just me. Link to Part 4

.

###

It was the strangeness of the bedroom that caused Bethany to stir the next morning. It simply felt different from her old room-- different sounds, smells, the firmness of the mattress. Last night, she had eaten hardly anything at dinner. Now, her stomach’s pangs and growls dashed any hope of going back to sleep.

Compounding the discomfort was her heaving bladder. It would not be ignored, but for the moment, grogginess and desire to stay in bed kept their hold on her. Yet another obstacle lay in the temperatures: the air in the room was frigid, while her blankets cocooned her in luxurious warmth. Her half-asleep state encouraged fantasies about easing her discomfort right there.

The last time she had wet the bed was third grade. All she remembered was waking up with pajamas full of cold, stale piss stuck to her skin-- little to romanticize. Doing it while awake, though, might be a different story. Not moving at all, feeling the hot stream between her legs swell until it splashed back on itself, tracking the wet patch’s slow creep down her thighs and up her back, even the chance to smell it minutes later-- each of these thoughts brought the promise of bliss. Her tank top and panties were the ones already stinging her nose from a day’s worth of wetting anyway. She writhed and clutched her crotch, moaning upon deciding to do it.

Trying to pee lying down at the moment proved to be a lot harder than doing it sitting in the food court chair with an exhausted bladder. After a minute, though, she exhaled, and a stream burst out. Its strength surprised her enough that she reflexively snapped shut again.

It was a good start, but now, logic returned to her; totally peeing her bed was a bad idea. She would have been back at square one with her mother questioning her intent. Speaking of her mother, hearing her voice call “Bethany!” up the stairs finally got her to peel back the covers.

“Just a minute!” Bethany groaned. There was no way she was going downstairs without relieving herself first. The connected half-bathroom still held a hint of pee-scent in the spots she missed while cleaning. Goosebumps mixed with the freckles on her arms when her cheeks touched the chilly toilet. Still, she sighed. Her stream burbled loudly in the bowl, the sound reverberating out the open door. She would have closed it if she could reach.

There was no point to wiping. No way would a little more pee make a difference in the heavily-soiled panties she had already spurted in again. Bethany pulled them up and let the last few drops diffuse into them. The warmth brought a grin.

The light from the giant windows downstairs made her squint. Once she recovered, though, the sight to greet her was her mother and grandparents, all hunched over the breakfast table examining a particular piece of mail.

“Hey, Beth,” her mother repeated, “Something came for you, from the… RIC Transit Authority?” She handed the envelope over.

With furrowed brow, Bethany opened it. A border of green, yellow, and blue stripes, the colors of the Isle of Cress’ flag, decorated the page. The header was the title of the same agency. Sure enough, the island’s transit authority seal was embossed on the stationery as well.

On the next line were the words, in block capital letters,

NOTICE OF CIVIL INFRACTION

Bethany’s heart skipped a beat. It looked serious. “What?” she said, mostly to herself, “What does that even mean?”

Her grandma answered, “A civil infraction is like a traffic ticket. Keep reading.”

Among the information that followed was the act titled “Defacement of public property” and a check next to “bodily fluids.” The adjacent field showed a penalty of $50.

“What?!” Bethany squealed. The shock abated quickly, but the sinking feeling did not. “I kinda got pee on the floor in the airport bathroom, but it was an accident and now they’re giving me a ticket for it. I don’t even have fifty dollars!” She put down the letter and rubbed her temples.

“Easy, kiddo,” her grandpa said, rubbing her back, “Your mom told you the people here don’t play around with relieving yourself in the wrong place. No one’s gonna have to pay anything. I’ll tell you what we can do. You just have some breakfast and get cleaned up, then we’ll go down to the courthouse and give ‘em what for. Sound good?”

Sniffling while looking back at him, she nodded.

Even a breakfast as light as cereal and milk did not go down easily. She should not have had to consider worrying about fines and tickets until she started driving. Trouble with the law remained a terrifying notion.

A shower would help her relax. Even if it was in the foreign downstairs “bathroom” which only had a bathtub and shower stall-- sort of the opposite of her room-- the hot water and the prospect of clean clothes were something to look forward to.

She had just begun to surrender to the shower’s hot spray when, through the clear glass walls, she looked again at the peed clothes on the floor. Not only did she have no idea what to wear to a courthouse, but other than the tank top and panties way too soiled to put on right after bathing, there was nothing in here for her to wear at all. Not even a spare towel.

As if on cue, her grandma opened the door and bustled in, carrying an armload of linens.

Bethany turned away, covering her chest and scanty pubic bush. “Grandma! Do you mind?”

“Oh, sorry!” she said, “I’ll just put these here then.” She dropped the stack of towels and folded clothes on the counter. With her back turned, she elaborated, “I just remembered you had no towels in here, and your mom and I picked out some clothes for you. Hope they’re okay.”

Bethany thanked her for the sweet gesture in a gentler tone. Continentals, dear. Her grandma’s effortless nonchalance, until Bethany made it awkward, got her wondering if she stressed too much about nudity-- especially by Cress standards.

Feeling revitalized after the shower, she took her time drying off. The clothes picked out for her were lavender panties, a dark turquoise, long-sleeved knitted shirt that was exceptionally thick and warm, and white skinny jeans. Her grandmother had also brought a black-and-white striped bra. Despite having just begun to need it, the greater coverage of the shirt meant she probably would have forgotten one otherwise. The conservative choices were just as well. Since seeing the letter, getting to hide in any sense was a welcome comfort.

Bethany’s white flip-flops were in her bedroom. Or at least, they were once white. The rubber straps still gleamed, but the foam sole had been tinted a dirty yellow. To avoid walking around and carrying the piss-scent with her would probably be better. When the time came to leave, she trusted it would be okay to go without them.

The truck smelled only faintly of the past day’s events. The four rode with the windows cracked-- the best compromise between dissipating the odor and not getting a face full of bracing wind much colder than before.

Even across from the taller capitol building, the courthouse’s columns loomed. Bethany gripped her mother’s hand. However, pressing forward was her only real choice. She went with the others through the pair of giant doors.

Her grandpa did the talking. He led them up to the clerk, letter in hand, and cleared his throat. “Good morning. My granddaughter here got this notice and we’d like to contest the charge.”

The clerk took the letter and looked through his bifocals at the details. A minute’s worth of tapping at his computer saw him issue them each a name tag, and a packet of papers to Bethany. “Alright, so you’ll just need to give these papers to the girl in the next room, and she’ll handle the rest.”

Bethany thanked him, and they were off.

The “next room” was arranged as rows of chairs. A handful of people sat waiting.

“Hello,” a soft voice called. A girl about Bethany’s age had approached them with a clipboard. Her most striking feature was the pin-straight auburn hair that draped to her waist in lustrous sheets. Beneath was a lacy white minidress and black flats. “I can take your packet there. There’s snacks and water in that corner, otherwise have a seat anywhere.”

Bethany handed it over, and picked a chair. The girl whisked the papers away through the next door. “See, kiddo?” her grandpa said, sitting next to her, “Not so bad.”

She grinned weakly back at him. Soon, though, the nerves returned. She attempted to soothe her dry mouth with water in a paper cup, gulping one refill after another until feeling a twinge between her legs. That brought with it an entirely new reason to worry.

She returned to her seat, the multiple cups of water now in her stomach a reminder that the bladder problems of yesterday were still not resolved. Here she was challenging it again. I’m not going to pee myself, she resolved. I’m feeling better, and can hold it at least until I see a toilet, if not any longer. Still, she crossed her legs.

Twenty minutes passed. Her bladder’s gentle tingling had turned into a mild, but constant press, with occasional swells she strained to resist.

At least the girl working here had returned. She plopped down across from Bethany. “Finally a break,” she said, “Mind if I sit here?”

Wide-eyed, Bethany agreed. “Not at all.”

“Cool.” The girl smiled. When she lifted her arms to move her long locks out of her face, she revealed, alongside the red-brown tufts in her armpits, a name tag. The part Bethany could see read ‘Mary.’

Bethany’s mom and grandparents offered to move so the girls could have some space. Bethany did not even know her, and already thought she was a little strange. However, her family would probably not want to limit her chances of a friend on this remote island.

She took the hint and extended her hand. “I’m Bethany.”

The girl shook it, replying, “I know.” She giggled, but then clarified, “Saw it on your papers.”

Bethany put on a sly grin. “Well, I know your name is Mary. Saw it on your name tag.” Even if the interaction was basic, it kept her mind off her bladder.

“Kind of,” she said, “I go by Mary Ellen. ‘Mary’ just sounds so… plain.”

“I guess it is,” Bethany said, trying not to bounce her knees, “So you work here every day?”

“For now, I guess,” Mary Ellen explained. “Three days a week during the summer. I won’t have to worry about volunteer hours, like, ever.”

“Honestly I haven’t thought about it at all,” Bethany confessed. The ease at which she had begun to share with Mary Ellen surprised her. “I lived in the U.S. until yesterday and I’m still just working on surviving.”

Mary Ellen giggled again. “Welcome then. I’d say we’re a weird island, but I was born here, so I say everywhere else is weird. Speaking of which, don’t people, like, never go barefoot in America?” She looked pointedly at Bethany’s lack of shoes.

“Yeah, pretty much,” Bethany said, curling her feet under the chair, “One thing that’s cool here is that shoes aren’t as big a deal.”

Mary Ellen lifted her feet off the floor and smiled. “Actually, the only place I won’t go barefoot is in here. They clean every day, but I’m still scared of what’s on the floor because you see all sorts of gross people.”

Bethany curled her feet under the chair. “I would have worn mine today if I hadn’t--never mind.” She stopped herself from mentioning her accident.

“It’s slow today, so don’t worry about it.” Mary Ellen glanced around before speaking again. “I did get a glance at your papers, by the way.”

“Oh?” Bethany said. The comment could have meant anything.

“You’ll get to see the judge.”

A flash of nerves hit her. “What am I supposed to say?”

“It’s going to be a bench trial, which means no lawyers or jury or any of that stuff to worry about. Just tell him the truth. Was it an accident?”

Bethany scoffed. “Of course it was an accident! Who pees on the floor?” Her bladder lunged, making her cross her legs again. It was going to be her for the second time soon.

Mary Ellen shrugged. “It could happen.”

“If you say so.”

Mary Ellen pulled out her phone and rose from her chair. “Ooh, I should probably check back. It’s been nice to meet you though! Good luck.”

Bethany waved her off, returning to her family for another twenty minutes. By now, the increasing pressure in Bethany’s bladder meant crossing her legs was beginning not to be enough. At all times there was a pee drop making a hotspot in her crotch, ready to escape at the first lapse in effort. She had let the drop-- once or twice, much more than a drop-- go several times. The leaks made a cooling line in her panties down to the seat. With her legs closed, she worried little about who might see, and dribbled with relative abandon. It was perhaps better to let out some now, than try to hold it all and suffer another disaster.

The urge to pee continued to grow. Her pants were getting too wet, however. She would have to hold the rest. Compared to slowly dribbling, it was a lot harder. She wiggled her legs, shifted from one side of the chair to the other, and eventually jammed a heel against her pee-hole. Holding remained taxing enough that she began to get warm in her shirt’s thick material.

Her mother noticed her tugging at the fabric and flushing in the cheeks. “It is a little stuffy in here,” she said, “Take something off if you’re hot.”

Bethany laughed at the joke, then it hit her: that was a perfectly good solution. The grandparents agreed it was fine, and she shucked the wooly garment over her head.

Being around so many people in her panties did not strike her as being this exposed. On the plus side, it was cooler, but it also meant she could wrap it around her waist for extra protection, should she pee more in her jeans.

She was about to release a long stream when Mary Ellen emerged from the doors. “Bethany Tucker!” she called.

Bethany allowed herself to be ushered into the courtroom proper. Her family was directed to some seats, while she continued past a uniformed bailiff and up to the defendant’s place.

A man in a black robe and powdered wig, appearing equally ridiculous and terrifying as the unmistakable judge, sat at the front, looking down on the crowd. Mary Ellen delivered Bethany’s packet of papers to him.

Bethany stared at the ominous figure, fidgeting badly in her damp panties and jeans with the shirt tied around them. On top was nothing but her black-and-white striped bra. It felt like a scene out of a nightmare.

The name plate on the judge’s desk read “Lance Rowan.” He cleared his throat. “Alright, we have CR number 2019887. And what’s your name, miss?”

“Bethany Tucker,” she said, a little too quickly.

“Miss Tucker…” Judge Rowan began, scanning through her packet, “Fourteen years old, American applied for dual citizenship… You were cited for defacement of public property by bodily fluids, which carries a fifty-dollar fine. Do you understand the charge?”

She looked around. A crowd of people occupied the chairs at the back, all witnessing her shame. “Yes, sir.”

“I have the officer’s report here, but do you mind telling us what happened?”

“Well,” she stammered, blushing rapidly. Mary Ellen and the dozen strangers were there to hear all the juicy details, and to watch her twist, dip, and wiggle every moment.

The judge urged, “I know it may be difficult to talk about, Miss Tucker. But we need your side of the story. The whole truth.”

If he wanted the whole truth, he’d get it. “Alright.” She steadied herself with a breath. “My mom and I had just gotten off the plane from Montreal. I hadn’t, uh, taken a comfort break since before the plane took off, and I was having trouble finding an accommodation afterward. I finally found one in the airport, but it made me sign in. By that point it was really hard to hold on, and when I saw the toilet, it all just started coming out. I got to it as fast as possible but got a lot of pee on the floor.” She was hunched over and all but in tears at this point. The judge looked satisfied, but sharing the colorful parts had gotten easier. “I’m really sorry! I’ll try not to do it again, but it’s been hard to adjust. I’m not used to holding and keeping it to myself! Even right now I have to go so bad, I’m trying not to make a mess here too.” Both hands were locked in her crotch.

He momentarily scowled. “Young lady, the only thing you ‘have’ to do right now is stop using that kind of crude language in my courtroom, and get better at handling your private business in the future. Case dismissed.” A clap of his gavel confirmed it.

Bethany gasped. A little more pee had spurted out, but more importantly, she had won. “Thank you!” she managed, and shot Mary Ellen a wave before being escorted out the side door.

She exchanged hugs with her family. “You’re not a jailbird yet,” her grandpa said, “What do you want to do to celebrate? How about ice cream?”

“It sounds nice, grandpa,” Bethany said, “But I need to go home. I’m not kidding.” She trembled, still holding her crotch and pee-dancing pathetically.

His cheer dulled just a little. “I know you want to, Beth,” he said, eyes full of sorrow, “But you heard the judge. This is the Isle of Cress, and you need to manage your liquids. Otherwise, you’ll be stuck at home forever, or right back in there for another round. And I’m sorry, but I’d rather you not get the truck wet again either.”

Her first instinct was to cry, but enough of that. All of them were right; she was a big girl now. “I understand, grandpa.” She steeled her bladder and appeared to perk up as if by magic, “Ice cream sounds good.”

“‘Attagirl. We can go to the ice cream spot right over there. It’s the one your grandma and I went to at your age.”

Bethany smiled. She had dodged the fine, their sentiments were genuine, and ice cream sounded great. Plus, she had a plan.

The chilly air and tile in the ice cream shop raised goosebumps on her bare skin, and while her trembling intensified, she leaked only a little when ordering her cup of cheesecake swirl. Come on, come on, she urged her family silently.

There were picnic tables outside. The weather was overcast and not as warm as the previous day, but warmer than the shop. Plus, she was less likely to get in trouble if her ‘plan’ failed. She made sure her shirt was tucked properly under her. With the first spoonful of ice cream in her mouth, she released her pee.

She moaned loudly, as if the taste of the ice cream, not the incredible sensation of filling her jeans with warmth was the cause. The temptation to let it all out at full blast was overwhelming. She did for a few seconds, trusting that the splashing was drowned out by passing cars. The visible wet spot was beginning to show on her front, though, which was not good. She had no choice but to apply her weak muscles again to slow the stream.

Her shirt continued to absorb the moisture admirably. A few furtive glances showed that while her crotch, butt, and upper thighs were drenched, the makeshift diaper had stopped all but a few disobedient splats from reaching the boards of the deck beneath. Plus, since the shirt was a dark color to begin with, her sneaky pee might still go unnoticed. She pushed another hot dribble or two into her panties, not particularly caring where they went.

She was not completely empty, but relief was hers. To sell further the act that nothing was wrong, she continued to fidget as realistically as possible. Just enough to avoid drawing attention. It seemed to work until they had returned to the truck.

“You okay, kiddo?” her grandpa asked.

“Huh?” Bethany said, her heart already quickening. Surely she had been caught.

“Not gonna need you to wipe down my seat when we get home, am I? Looks like you’ve got things a little more under control now."

“Oh, yeah,” she said, making sure her hands were deep enough between her legs to hide the wet spot, “I should be alright.”

“Good girl.”

She smiled. Whew. Just a short ride and a little luck later, she scampered up to her bedroom.

Her turquoise shirt, after being untied, hit the polished wood with a slap. Now Bethany’s heart raced for another reason. She stood before a full-length mirror in the corner and inspected her jeans, white except for a grey-yellow region which spotted the front and fully covered her rear. She glanced toward the toilet for the lasting signals in her bladder, but reconsidered. There was no harm in wetting herself a little more. Biting her lip, she pushed while standing. A punctuating spurt a little longer than expected tracked down her leg. With a bit more effort, she made it reach all the way to the ankle and drip off the side of her foot, leaving a tiny puddle on the floor.

Before peeling off her wet jeans and wiping the spot, she took a moment to admire her work. She giggled. I guess this island’s pee-shyness has kind of backfired on me.

*002*2018-12-29 16:04

{{1 hour ago, BlueWetter said:

So, does Bethany's Mom have some accidents happen too?

}}

No specific details yet, but we'll see.

*005*2018-12-31 01:39

{{2 hours ago, Jc! said:

I am curious though if the isle of cress is based of off any real life place or If the whole isle Is just a place you made up?

}}

Thank you so much for the good words

It's totally made up, but sort of a generic mashup of inspiration from New England/Nova Scotia geography and aesthetics. I've never lived there, but there's a folk musician named Stan Rogers who sung at length about the region. I rapidly became a fan and the setting (and a good chunk of the proper names except for Bethany herself) are inspired by his music. The lack of toilets available is partially drawn from other "political allegory" style stories on here, and partially pure omo fantasy.

*008*2019-01-08 06:07

{{3 hours ago, Jc! said:

Oh wow, that's really awesome! I love the creativeness and the depth you go into of the place you made using those two base places and Stan Rogers's music. I've never heard of him or his music before, but I love that you used it to make your story, I'll definitely have to check him out

}}

Well you say "two base places" but they're pretty close together, all things considered hehe. I know a lot less about Canada than I do about the US so I left myself an out there. But if you look up his music, I'll warn you he's not for everyone. Even his best songs have a really traditional style you'll either love or hate.

Anyway, progress on part 6 has been slow, but it is planned out, so stay tuned.

*011*2019-03-11 19:27

{{15 hours ago, Jc! said:

Hi again! I was curious if this story was going to be continued anytime soon, or if it's done with?

}}

{{6 hours ago, Bow2me said:

Please write more

}}

I'd love to, and have the next section partially planned and written. Finding the time has been hell though. Life is challenging at the moment but the Bethany series isn't dead. I'm just happy the interest is there too.

