The Wet Bet: Chapter 1

Author: AlphaHyoudou

*000*2021-07-12 04:55

Hello everybody! this is my first story, about 2 girls that some of you will already recognize, it took a long time to think and finish this little story (I had to get a little drunk to be able to make an ending to it lol). If i see you like it i will probably follow it, I just want to thank you for the support you give to my drawings, I hope you like this too!

Special thanks to:

@AkenoSama

For lending me his OC; Raphi, to make this story! You are the best!

Ando @AuthorFaust

For being the first to read it and give it the go-ahead, Thank you!

I hope y'all enjoy it!

###

(I couldn't think of a better title, sorry :c)

It was a normal day, like any other..

Daviana, known to her friends as Davi; a young brunette girl, with black hair and glasses.. She was bored at home, like most of the time, today was one of those days when she had no inspiration to draw, how she usually does.

Davi: "Fuck, another day without being able to draw anything, so excited that I am and there is nothing exciting, what a boredom…"

Davi was sitting at her table, bored and hot, She had already finished with a bottle and a half of water, if there is something she hates more than being lack of inspiration, it is the heat, she just hates it and nobody knows why. While Davi Is laying on the table, waiting for some light of inspiration to illuminate her, someone passes in front of her…

Raphi: "Aaahh! That's better~ I deserve it for the effort that I have made today!"

Raphi, a tall blonde girl with large breasts, said while taking a bottle of water from the refrigerator, after returning from exercising, she was also in Davi's house, Davi she gets up excited, since maybe in her she can find some inspiration (for drawings and "other reasons")

Davi: "Hi, Raphi~!" Davi said excitedly.

Raphi: "Oh, I hadn't seen you, what's up Davi?" Raphi said, as she finished her bottle of water.

Davi: "Nothing very interesting to be honest, I see you come from doing some hard work huh?" Davi was looking directly at her training shirt, which was obviously sweaty, revealing her breasts clearly.

Raphi: "yes, I always do, it's not easy to maintain a good figure … " Raphi pauses, as she notices that Davi was staring at her.

Raphi: "Hey girl, do you need something? My eyes are up here~

Davi quickly turns around, a little flushed.

Davi: "I just was wondering if… could you pose for a drawing? :3

Raphi: "Hmmm… Pose for you?"

Raphi responds sarcastically, actually she already knew Davi's intentions to make her "pose".

Davi: "Yeah, you know, I haven't had much inspiration these days, and taking advantage of the fact that you're here ... could you do me that favor?"

Davi says, a bit nervous, waiting for her lewd plan to work, Raphi realizes this, and decides to tease Davi a bit.

Raphi: "Are you sure there is no other reason why you need me~?" Raphi says, while moving towards her a little, making her breasts bounce a bit.

Davi looks back at Raphi's breasts, she blushes a little more, since her plan failed, there is no other choice to reveal it.

Davi: "In fact... I was wondering if you could... Show me your boobs? For a drawing, don't think bad.

Raphi: "And I suppose that I can use the bathroom when I want, right?" Raphi asks, already knowing the answer.

Davi: "Hehe, you seem to know me well .. although I'm afraid that won't be possible ~ " Davi says, with a slightly lewd tone.

Raphi: "Oh, I see... so I don't think you need to use the bathroom either, do you?"

Raphi replies, Davi's intentions become more and more obvious, After having taken a bottle and a half of water, she already felt a little full, Davi tells her, pretending to be brave:

Davi: "Do you really want to reject a good friend's request? Well, coming from you, I guess i don't need it.."

Raphi: "Okay… I agree-" Before Raphi could finish speaking, Davi interrupts her.

Davi: "Cool! I knew you couldn't refuse~, now get a little over there and- " Davi is interrupted by Raphi, who finishes what she was trying to say before.

Raphi: "...I agree, only if you are able to hold your pee for a while before I pose for you.." Raphi said, knowing that Davi would start complaining at any moment.

Davi: "Oh come on Raphi... I don't think you can put conditions in a situation like this." Davi says, while trying to look away to hide that she doesn't want to hold it.

Raphi: "I think it's fair that you suffer a little too" While Raphi says this, he gets closer to Davi, until she brings her breasts to hers.

…And I don't think it's cool that you're the only one having fun ~ " Then, Raphi puts his hand through Davi's shorts and panties, and begins to grope her butt slowly, Davi immediately blushes completely, after moaning a little, Davi stops her.

Davi: "Mnnh~! O-OK, OK! YOU WIN! I-I'm going to hold my pee while you pose, okay...?" Davi responds frantically, while her nose was bleeding a little, she had not started the draw yet and her panties were already a little bit damp... Although not precisely because of her need to pee..

Raphi: "Great then, I'm going to head over there, I'm all yours~" Raphi said in a cheerful tone.

Davi: "Huh, I don't think you'll be able to stand there so long" Davi said, while wiping the blood from her nose, she sat down at her table to start drawing.

Then, Raphi lifts her shirt slowly, dropping her large breasts in front of Davi.

Raphi: "And well? Do not leave me waiting~" Raphi said with a mischievous look. Davi stares at her breasts for a moment, to return to bleeding from the nose again, it is something common in her, not for nothing she's a perv girl. Trying her best to ignore the discomfort in her bladder, Davi picks up a sheet, her mechanical pencil, and begins to draw, hoping to finish soon.

...

15 minutes had already passed, Davi had barely finished the sketch of the drawing, between erasing and erasing she had to use a new sheet, wondering internally why anatomy is so fucking complicated, But her voice wasn't the only thing calling her inside… Davi has already finished the other half of the bottle of water, and a bottle of Pepsi that Raphi gave her to """cool off""" and the discomfort in his bladder turns into desperation every time a bit more noticeable, to try to relax a little, she begins to talk in her mind

Davi: "uhhhh.... come on Davi, y-you can take it, obviously you can do it, surely Raphi must be having the same or worse, just imagine her so desperate~"

Davi snaps out of her thoughts, and after crossing her legs quickly, she turns to see Raphi with a small smile (and her nose bleeding). Raphi continues with her shirt up, revealing her huge boobs, if you look closely, you can see that her nipples are erect, she follows attentive to Davi's movements, watching to not miss any moment while Davi's desperation increases slowly…

Raphi: "Phew, standing here made me a little thirsty, I bought some drinks a while ago, do you want one? Raphi said, her plan was to make Davi drink as much as she can, to turn around Davi's original plan, so Raphi goes to the fridge, and takes out a can of lemonade, and a bottle of Pepsi for Davi

Davi : "Don't worry, I'm not very thirsty right now…" Actually, Davi didn't want to drink anymore, as it might put her in more trouble.

Raphi: "ooohh, I see, so are you going to decline a drink that your friend offers you? " Raphi asked, with her shirt still up, she puts the bottle between her tits and plays with it a little, then she turns to see Davi, who is blushing on the table, Davi rolls her eyes and answers her:

Davi: "...Give me that."

Then Davi, trying to be strong, grabs the bottle of Pepsi, and drinks it, Davi began to feel each swallow of the cold soda going to her bottom, she brings her thighs together after finishing the bottle, and leaves it next to the others.

Davi: "R-Ready, now you can go back to your place.." Davi said, not before crossing his legs again, this time with more force.

Raphi: "Perfect then, following your orders " Raphi said as she finished her can of lemonade, threw it towards the trash can and returned to her position, while still looking at Davi squirming trying to hide it.

About 10 minutes later, Davi was in the process of making the lineart, at this time she must be very careful not to ruin the drawing completely, but her hands were shaking, the pressure on her bladder was getting more intense, from time to time she would put her left hand on her crotch and rub her thighs, the only motivation Davi has to hang on is to see Raphi desperate, but it doesn't seem to pay off, suddenly a wave of despair hit her bottom, which almost ruined the drawing when moving her hand.

Davi: "A-ahh, this is too much … n-necesito orinar muy mal… and I haven't finished the drawing yet, think Davi, what can you do …?

Davi thought, she began to sweat for a long time, and the situation was starting to get more difficult.

Davi: "I could ... let out a bit so I could hold it a bit.."

Davi thought about letting out a little bit of pee, to be able to hold on at least she will finish the drawing, which seemed like the only option, so she paused, and took a deep breath.

Davi: "B-Bien, aquí voy..."

…

*Pshh.. Shh..*

Mnhh~~!

As soon as Davi started to let him out, she let out a pretty loud moan, she immediately blushed and covered her mouth as fast as she could, crossed her legs and squeezed herself as hard as possible, letting out more than she expected, her shorts already felt wet, and a few drops of pee fell on the chair. Then she turned to see Raphi, who was smiling and enjoying everything, Raphi realizes how badly Davi is having, so she gives her a little "help" to make things more fun.

Raphi: "Oh come on Davi ... why are you taking so long? I don't think I can hold it any longer…!

Raphi said, while doing so, she begins to bring her thighs together frantically, with the intention of making it seem that she was about to burst, in fact, her plan was to give a little push to Davi's bladder.

Davi: "I-I'M ALMOST DONE, ALMOST ALREADY!!

Yelled Davi, letting out a little pee was not a good idea, on the contrary, it made it much worse, as she was sitting, she could feel her bladder pulsing every time she leaned over as she settled on the sheet. She only needed to add shading to the drawing, since she doesn't color them. Raphi put her hands on her crotch on purpose, to put some more pressure on Davi..

Raphi: Please, Davi! I need to piss so fucking bad, hurry up..!

*Shh… sssh..*

"M-Me estoy o-orinando- A-AAH~! F-FUCKKK"

Davi was starting to leak again, Davi instantly got up from her chair, her hot pee was starting to run down her legs, and wetting her shorts even more, between panting and sweating, she added the last details to the drawing

Davi: "I FINISHED IT F-FINALLY… ahh … D-Dios … n-no puedo.. m-m- más….

Davi was at her limits, she got up from the table and immediately put her hands on her crotch, she was unable to move, while she get lost more and more in her immense urge to pee…

Raphi: "Ohhh Davi, I can't take it anymore ... what can I do? i'm ... "

Raphi said, while moving frantically, making it seem that she is about to explode at any moment, after interrupting her sentence, she approaches Davi, and whispers in her ear:

Raphi: "...Bur-sshhhhh-ting~"

That hiss echoed in Davi's head, she was in a state of shock, her bladder reached a point where it was bulging, her belt was tightening her tightly, she could feel all that liquid moving inside her even if she wasn't, her peehole was even pulsing, all she could hear was that hiss…

*Sshhhh… SsssShh*

...

"Bath… room… p-p-pee…"

Davi took one last look at the bathroom, which was not exactly close, the leaks made stronger and more constant, before she knew it there was already a small puddle of pee under her, As she desperately tried to hold on by putting her hands on her crotch and crossing her legs in every way possible, she could feel her pee dripping from her shorts into her hands, It seemed there was no hope for her…

Suddenly and without saying anything, Raphi grabs Davi carefully, and tries to lead her to the bathroom, Davi's bladder begging to be emptied, sending waves of desperation that she could feel for almost all of her body, but with her last strength, she tries to walk with Raphi to finally reach the bathroom, during the way from the table to the bathroom, Davi was leaving a somewhat noticeable trail of pee on the floor, while Raphi just smiled un silence while holding Davi… They reached the bathroom, Raphi opened the door, and the first thing Davi caught sight of was a toilet, the long-awaited toilet, Davi smiled slightly, with tears in her eyes, she was finally going to release all that liquid inside her that she had been holding for so long…

...

Before Davi could realize, Raphi stepped forward and sat on the toilet (with her shorts still on) while looking at Davi with a smirk…

Davi: "...R...Raphi..? Q-Que estás….?"

Davi said with her last breath, wondering why Raphi was on the toilet and not her, Davi was the one who was about to explode, not Raphi.

Raphi: "You know? I really looove to see you like this... but one of us must lose this game, right~?"

Immediately after finishing that sentence, Raphi started to play with her pussy, as if she were masturbating, still with that smirk on her face, looking at Davi, who was shaking wildly, begging for help in silence, after a little silence, suddenly …

*Pshhh… PSHHhhhhhshhhhhhh…*

"Ooooohhh ~~"

She had started to pee herself, with her shorts still on, she released a stream of hot pee that began to fall into the toilet bowl, a hissing noise began to flood the bathroom, Raphi didn't need to pee so badly, but just looking at Davi's face was twice as pleasant for her while she did it…

Davi: "..no…a-ahh... e-esto n-no…"

...

*SsssShh.. SSSSSHhhhh…*

"NO .. NO P-PLEASE.. N-N-NOT THIS, NOT... NOW.., WHYYY"

Davi started crying ... the noise of the pee in the room, the smell, the feeling … Davi's bladder was at the most critical point, it stopped turning into despair to become torture, the feeling of all the liquid inside Davi, all the waves and spasms they ran through each and every corner of Davi's body, she could barely stand upright, her leaks were becoming uncontrollable, her panties weren't soaked anymore, they were flooded, and even her shorts, which were wet from her crotch to her thighs, her mind couldn't even focus on speaking English, all she thought about was the noise of Raphi's pee falling into the toilet, as the puddle under her feet started to get bigger, with no indication of stopping at some point...

Davi: "Esto… N-No es justo.. No lo es..! aa-aaahh-! Yo… y-yo había… ganado esto! Nnngg.. P-Por.. qué?!"

Davi said through tears with her last strength, she crossed and brought her legs together in every possible way, she even put her hands under her shorts and panties, putting her fingers in her wet pussy, with one last hope of stop the continuous streams of pee that she was leaking, without any success… Raphi had a smile almost from ear to ear, as she bit her lip when she saw Davi sooo desperate, she thought she had all her fun, as she kept making noise with her pee to give Davi the last push to her poor and full bladder…

Raphi: "Ooooh ~! How good it feels ... Ahhh ~ I would like to do this all day!"

Raphi said, as she made a relieved face and relaxed her muscles, while in her mind, she became more and more excited to see Davi in her last limits. Davi, about to fall to her knees, she clings with one hand to the sink next to her, her legs were limp, shaking as if she were having a continuous spasm…

*sssssSSSSHHH… SHHHshh-*

Davi: "Ahhh,.. ohh Dios- I-I'm not going to… to… Nnhggg~~

Davi couldn't take it anymore, all the efforts she made to support herself, to avoid falling, seemed to make no difference, and towards her torture even worse, her face represented pure desperation, The sensation of her pulsating bladder could be felt throughout her body, it seemed that her body was already letting the liquid come out on its own without some kind of control… It was her end, or so she believed .. no, she felt it, she could only whisper for help, and moan at the sensation of her body to the point of not being able to stay, And listening to Raphi only made her lose herself more and more…

*drip… drip…*

A couple of drops fell, but they weren't from her panties, or her shorts, or Raphi's ... they were drops that had fallen from…

Davi: "T… The... s-sink…

Raphi: "What happened baby, don't you have something to do here~?

Raphi, who had already stopped peeing, kept looking and teasing Davi, who no longer had the strength to stand up by herself, although she was a little confused, since he did not hear well what Davi was whispering…

While Davi, she had a whirlwind of thoughts in her head, throwing herself on top of Raphi, or just letting it go? or ... Using the sink.. unfortunately for her, she didn't have the strength to move without continuing wetting herself…

*drip… drip… drip...*

*SssshhhHh.. SHHhhh-*

Davi: "nnngh~ mmmnnh.."

Davi was stunned by the sound of the drops coming from the sink, the sensation and extreme need she had to pee were uncontrollable at this point …

There was a sudden silence ..

…

"...drip…"

Davi: "N-NO P-PUEDO… N-NO PUEDO.. AGUANTAR MÁS... NO PUEDO!!!!"

Davi lost her sanity, as soon as she heard that last drop, she somehow drew her strength, and began to pull down desperately her piss-soaked shorts and panties…

*..SsshhSPSSSSSSHHHHHHH~~*

Davi: "A-AHHHH~ OH GOD- "

As soon as Davi began to move, a cascade of pee began to gush out of her, with the power of a fire hose, all that liquid shot out of her without having a chance to react, completely flooding the floor. Between moans, tears, and her trembling body, she ran wildly up to the sink, colliding with everything that was above there, leaning against the mirror behind her, she finally sat up, and Davi succumbed to the pressure…

*HISSSSSHHHHHSSSSHHHH~~~*

Davi: "OOOOOHHH~~~ OHH D-DIOS MÍO~~!

The sound of pee gushing against the porcelain of the sink, And Davi's loud moans completely flooded the room (and the floor itself) Davi could only support himself against the mirror so as not to fall, she didn't care anymore about nothing more than to finally release her full bladder

Meanwhile Raphi, was blushing, with a smile from ear to ear looking how Davi just did it in front of her, no doubt that Raphi had gotten horny when she saw her, still with her hand on her shorts, she started rubbing her pussy a bit, while still watching the show…

*SSSHHHHHHHSHHHHHHHH~~~*

Davi: "Ooooohhhh~ Que alivio~ s-se siente tan.. bieeen~~"

Davi's mind was completely gone, she was only thinking of her relief, releasing all that liquid that has been pressed for so long inside her, it was similar to a state of hypnosis which she couldn't react to, she certainly felt too good…

As Davi continued to pee, I felt like I was running out of air, so she lifted her red shirt, which was also a bit wet, in which you could see (in addition to not wearing a bra) her bulging bladder, which was coming back to normal, but very, very slowly, it's very sure that Davi does not last a short time peeing to be honest..

Raphi: "...Is this for real? Is this really happening?! Wooahhh~~"

Raphi was so surprised, as she did not expect Davi to have a bulging bladder, and even so big, she was so amazed, as she bit her lips watching her, she got up from the toilet with her soaked shorts, and ran towards Davi, who was not paying attention to absolutely nothing but her relief, her mind was literally elsewhere..

Raphi: "Ohhh girl, is this all you've been holding on to ~? Sooo cute~~ but how about some help for this little water balloon..?"

Immediately, Raphi began to poke Davi's bladder, as if she was pushing it, Likewise, she puts her hand on Davi's groin, slowly going towards her pussy, giving her a few rubs

Davi was ... In a state of ecstasy, a mixture of feelings of extreme relief and excitement made her forget everything that was around her, even forgetting how to speak English, she felt that her soul transcended to heaven (or hell, because the world hates her), only thanking any entity that existed above everyone else to get free, while Raphi continued to observe everything, every drop coming out of Davi and touching her little by little to the point that it looked like she was jerking her off. After a couple of minutes, the long stream of pee finally managed to stop..

*SSSSSsssssshhhhhhhhh…*

Davi, even for her cinnamon skin, It looked completely red, as she finished peeing, she even felt like she was short of breath, while trying to regain consciousness and recover from dizziness a bit, when she looked down she realized that Raphi was almost on top of her, touching her pussy in a lewd way, flushed with a smirk on her face.

Davi: "R-Raphi… What the hell are you.. doing..?

Davi said, with a somewhat annoyed expression, but still flushed with what happened and what Raphi is doing to her.

Raphi: "I'm just "feeling" the show more closely haha~ how do you feel now girl~?

Raphi said, while looking at Davi's red face with a most lewd expression, you can tell that she did it to tease her.

Davi: "... I'm going to give you 5 seconds.. T-To keep playing what You want.. and back away before I slap you.."

Although Davi was upset for the situation that Raphi put her in.. Being in front of Raphi, seeing her tits is like a dream... Well, she usually dreams it backwards, but it works the same for her.. although she was trying to hide it, her crotch was very sensitive, and she was starting to feel a continuous tingle, she already knew what was "coming" so she just leans on the mirror again to give Raphi the pleasure and end this once and for all.

Raphi: It is very sweet of you to let me do this babe, Im going to take advantage of this veeery well .. "

Right away, Raphi sticks two fingers in Davi's pussy, and begins to put them in and out repeatedly quickly, while Davi looks at her angrily, because she knew that Raphi was going to do it, but it was too late for Davi to regret it, her inner juice was starting to come out and there was no stopping for a hot Raphi..

Davi: "Ahhh.. J-Joder- MMNHH~~!

*SPLOOSHHH!!*

Before Davi could react, she started squirting everywere, they weren't as strong as the waterfall from earlier, but they were enough to soak Raphi, who was having it like never at this moment.

Raphi: "Hmmmm.. that was quick, but at the same time sooo enjoyable~~

Said Raphi, while looking at Davi she started sucking her fingers in a very horny way to taste Davi's love juice, without a doubt the situation was getting higher and higher, but before Raphi tried to do something else with Davi, she brings her down from her cloud with a well-given slap in her face.

Davi: "I should have given you harder, look at what to play with my limits to take me to this extreme, and that you tell me precocious…"

Davi said as she tried to dry her legs a bit, and checked her completely flooded panties and shorts, Raphi can see in Davi's face that she was quite upset, as always happens when someone bothers her, as an irascible person that she is.

Raphi: "Chill girl, You know I always like to play with you, like you always try to do with me, don't you? =3"

Davi just stays quiet, since the original plan was to make Raphi desperate and enjoy herself anyway, she only blushed and look away while trying to see how she could dry her clothes.

Raphi felt that she deserved that slap, After all, she the one who was teasing Davi the whole time. And that since it was all over, it was time to try to make Davi feel better.

Raphi: "Just take that off, I'm going to help you find clothes, I need to change anyway, maybe we can bathe together, what you think~?"

She said to Davi, as she took off her wet shorts and panties, and her shirt, making her huge tits fall and bounce, showing Davi her fully naked body.

Davi: "R-Really?!?!?!"

Davi yelled and smiles immediately, and her nose let out a stream of blood, while Davi looked for her glasses to see her well. It was to be expected that her pervert girl instinct would avoid having some kind of resentment against such a pretty girl like Raphi. Right away, Raphi joins David's half-naked body, and while she gropes her butt a little, she begins to whisper to her:

Raphi: "Sure.. But first, could you help me make a lemonade too? I'm thirsty after such a show… And make sure you close the bathroom well, I don't think I'll get in here for a while =3

Davi was just smiling, while her face was red, and she felt Raphi's tits and her erect nipples together to her .. without a doubt, even if it didn't turn out as expected, it will be an amazing adventure to remember, or to write about it in a little story to upload it on a page to comment on the experience to other people

Davi: "H-Hey, haven't you seen the drawing I made yet? I could show it to you while we make the lemonade, I really don't want it to be wasted work.."

She said to Raphi, while trying to wipe the blood from her nose without Raphi noticing, although it seems that Raphi already saw it all this day.

Raphi: "Sure! I'm sure it will have turned out well, I was modeling anyway lol"

Raphi: "By the way... You have a great pussy, I'm not going to lie to you~"

Raphi said, with a lewd look, zhe had already fulfilled one of her goals in life today.

Davi: "S-Shut the fuck up! I-I could have touched myself better than you did It!

Davi said, a little embarrassed, to tell the truth, she liked that Raphi jerked her off, being touched by the hands of a sexy busty girl is not something that happens every day, and that will surely keep in her memory (and the compliment to her pussy too)

Raphi: "Well, come on then?

Raphi said, as she tried to put her hands in the Davi's butt again.

Davi: "Keep that horny hand when we are taking a bath, at least let me show you the drawing first .."

Davi said, as they left the bathroom, where Davi and Raphi had left their wet panties together, to have more fun later…

The End

(You can ask what you want about the story and the characters! )

*002*2021-07-12 06:05

{{42 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Good story, but I have to say i'm not a fan of the multi-colored text as I find it rather difficult to read at times without highlighting it(especially when it's black text), I prefer plain white text and I can't think of a good reason to ever used multi-colored text for a story. Just something you might want to consider in the future.

}}

The idea of the colored texts was to avoid confusion due to the format of the story, so that it would not be mixed with the white/black texts and it's easier and more entertaining to read, I will have that advice for some future, thanks you!

*005*2021-07-13 12:57

{{6 hours ago, IceCreamCandy said:

Great story! Well written- but maybe don’t use black for text. I don’t mind the coloured text but you can’t see black very well. I had to squint to read it

}}

I could swear I used white or some similar color to make the narrator text, thanks for letting me know ^w^

