Accepting Requests

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2018-10-12 16:44

I’m not sure people know my writing enough to even be interested in this in all honesty but I am looking for inspiration for my next fiction story so if anyone wants to comment here stories they would potentially want me to write for them that would be great. I also think it would be fun to try and write an idea that wasn’t my own in general so. If anyone is interested you can either comment here or message me and I’ll try to post your story super soon!

Edit to define some boundaries: I don’t write furry content and I absolutely will not write things with underage characters. I don’t have many hard and fast rules but that is one of them. Even if what they are doing isn’t explicitly sexual, this is a fetish site and thus people use it to satisfy sexual fantasies so I don’t want to write underage characters into that.

*002*2018-10-12 17:07

{{9 minutes ago, irvinegamer said:

Hi there, read that you're accepting requests.

I have a wishlist of characters I hope would have omorashi stories or artworks.

But it depends what kind of inspiration or story you're looking for. All my wishes are fandoms.

Want to see my wishlist? I would even pay commission for them

}}

I typically don’t do fandom work, I like writing original characters because it gives me more flexibility with writing their responses since I’m not trying to imitate another character. If I don’t recognize the fandom though you can send a description of the character and I can work with that. Like I said a large part of this is it’ll be interesting to write stuff I typically don’t or wouldn’t come up with myself.

No need to pay me!

