An episode of “Friends” you will never see.

Author: A weird mind

*000*2023-01-13 02:10

Rachel is about to pee on the floor:

It's a typical Saturday evening at Central Perk, and all of the friends are gathered together, chatting and laughing as they always do. Suddenly, Rachel stands up, looking a bit uncomfortable.

"Guys, I really have to pee," she says. "Where's the bathroom?"

Monica points to the back of the coffee shop. "It's down the hall, on the left."

Rachel nods and quickly makes her way towards the bathroom. But as she approaches, she realizes that the door is locked, and there's a sign hanging on the handle that reads "Out of Order."

Rachel groans in frustration. "Great, all the toilets are broken!"

She goes back to the group and tries to hold it as long as she can, but as the minutes tick by, it becomes increasingly clear that she won't be able to hold out much longer. Finally, with a desperate look on her face, she turns to the rest of the group.

"I can't hold it any longer," she says, her voice shaking. "I'm going to have to pee on the floor."

The rest of the friends look at her in shock, but before they can say anything, Rachel quickly unzips her pants and is about to relieve herself on the floor.

"Rachel!" Monica exclaims, trying to stop her. "What are you doing?"

"I have no choice," Rachel replies, her voice strained. "I can't hold it any longer!"

As the friends try to come up with a solution, Chandler runs out of the coffee shop and returns a few minutes later with a bucket.

"Here," he says, holding it out to Rachel. "You can use this."

Rachel gratefully takes the bucket and finishes going to the bathroom, much to the relief of the rest of the group.

"Thanks, Chandler," she says, relieved. "I don't know what I would have done without you."

"No problem," Chandler replies, grinning. "Just remember to always carry a spare bucket in case of emergencies."

