Lovely Linda, meter maid

Author: Apan

*000*2023-06-24 20:14

It's been way too long a while since I posted anything substantial here, but that's not to say that things aren't brewing behind the curtains. I do have a slightly longer story on its way by kind request of the great @Kayn

(and by no small measure in reciprocity for his latest contribution about poor Abby, which may or may not be the greatest piece ever posted on this forum - read it if you haven't!). While working on that story though, I decided to slip another one in in compensation for the delay. It is a throwaway of sorts, even if it again proved to be on the lengthier side.

Big fat disclaimer: I have no clue whatsoever about the meter maid profession, its procedures, customs or regulations, and I have taken quite a bit of creative liberty regarding the uniforms featured within. Anyone familiar with the Beatles will of course pick up on what the title alludes to (and there is actually a solo Paul reference in there too), but the overall motivation for the theme was simply to have reason to dress up the female protagonist in some kind of uniform (again, blame Kayn). I decided to have a little fun with the setting and situate it all in the 70's, for little reason other than to revel in some car porn (don't worry, no explicit stuff, just a boatload of excuses to namedrop some cool vintage cars along the way), and maybe add some credibility to the featured uniforms.

But enough about my obsession of the near past, let's see how a regular workday might have turned out for a meter maid about 50 or so years ago. I hope you will enjoy the show!

###

Linda Haywood had always been a fan of order and being the one maintaining it. Being the oldest of three sisters, she was the prudent and ordely one of the three ever since she was a little child and all throughout her schooldays. This earned her a reputation for being quite bossy and almost annoyingly by-the-book in her manners. A real teacher's pet who never seemed to pass up a chance to tell on her classmates whenever the slightest wrongdoing on their part crossed her prying eyes. Naturally this caused her a bit of disdain amongst her peers at school and there were more than one occasion where she ended up being on the receiving end of some shenanigans. Despite this hardship though, she grew all the more confident in her call as being the one who had to step up for the perceived benefit of her surroundings, even if it came at the cost of her popularity.

Thus, it wasn't too surprising when already as a kid, Linda nurtured an ambition to get herself involved with law enforcement. Granted, it was still the 60's then and it wasn't too common for women to pursue such a career, at least not out in the field which is what she really wanted. At the dawn of the 70's when she just turned 19, she went off to university to take various courses, some related to law, some not, so she wasn't yet qualified as an actual policewoman when she opted in for an apprenticeship at the local police station in a neighbouring town during spring 1974. What she did have within reach though, as a first stepping-stone occupation, was to serve as a meter maid. After a few months of studying exclusively for the job that year, she was finally ready to dip her toe in some actual water by tagging along with one of the senior wardens doing her rounds around town.

###

So, early one August morning, Linda rose from her bed, literally sparkling with enthusiasm for her first real taste of what it would be like to set things straight in real life, even if it only meant sorting out poor parking practices. All the same, the town in which she would cut her teeth was renowned for some truly chaotic parking situations, and if she could be an ever so slight part in alleviating it, she'd be more than happy. After all, parking rules aren't there just for spite; there might be real and severe consequences if a car was to obstruct a certain area or passage, even life-threatening ones, so Linda couldn't help but feeling just a tad bit of responsibility for the betterment of her fellow citizens in her upcoming endeavour.

The sky was slightly overcast but no rain in sight and the overall weather was still warm, as befits a nice summer's day. She opted for a short-sleeved figure-hugging flowery shirt with a big butterfly collar unbuttoned at the neck, tucked into a pair of tight bell bottoms, as snug at the top around her waist and bottom as the legs were wide at the other end, totally obscuring her feet and then some. Of course, she wouldn't be doing her rounds in her own outfit while on duty - even if it wasn't really her own duty as of yet - but dressing up in a contemporary and ever so slightly sexy outfit sure wouldn't go amiss when turning up at the police station. Who knows who would be there to greet her or even admire her at a distance?

After downing her breakfast and equipping herself with a bag containing a big water bottle - it was quite warm outside after all - Linda left her apartment block and headed for the bus stop. 7:05, the bus arrived just when she got there and she climbed aboard for the 45 minute journey to the next town where she would take the very first steps of her new career within law enforcement, even if it just meant looking out for badly parked cars. As the bus whizzed down the carriageway, she slowly emptied her water bottle in frequent sips, pondering on her upcoming day. She did have an interest in cars, so even if the task of cracking down on the unconcern of their owners may be a bit mundane, she still looked forward to having reason to survey all the various vehicles she would encounter up-close in all their details. She was especially fascinated by interiors; seats, steering wheel, dashboard, upholstery, and the overall aesthetics they jointly displayed.

Her father was a car mechanic and she remembered certain days when she would join him in his workshop after school on occasion, and how she found herself more and more interested in both all the different body stylings, interiors as mentioned, as well as the actual mechanical workings. Still not confident or interested enough to pursue a mechanical career, she nonetheless had assembled a dream garage in her mind, the crown jewel of which would be a British racing green Jaguar E-type, the early model from the 60's with caps over the headlights. 

Of course, that would most likely remain a pipedream ever after, but with a bit of paid work behind her, she could at least set her eyes on something like an MGB in the near future, or maybe a Triumph Spitfire. Heck, even a Mini would do. As of yet though, she still hadn't had money to possess her own car, having most recently being confined to borrow her father's Ford Cortina whenever the need for some motoring enjoyment (or distant party assembly together with her mates) reared inside her. If she managed to land this first career step as a meter maid though, she would finally be able to save up enough money for her own vehicle in due time.

###

With about 15 minutes left of the bus journey, Linda downed the last gulps from her water bottle, promptly stowing it away in her bag while awaiting her arrival. The bus was just entering the outskirts of the city, gradually slowing down for the first of several traffic lights. Linda sat looking out the window, absent-mindedly moving her legs in and out on the seat in a slow, barely noticeable fashion. A metallic green Citroën SM whizzed past in the outer lane as the bus came to a momentary halt.

"Wow, one of those is definitely going in my dream garage", Linda thought to herself as the angular rear end of the french mile-eater disappeared out of sight outside the window.

Moments later, the bus took off again as the lights turned green. About 10 minutes left. The slow fanning of her legs caught her attention; she hadn't even thought about herself performing said motion, only just now realizing it. Not only that - she also began realizing why she did it. Nervousness was definitely part of the reason as it would be a day packed with many firsts for her, not to mention all the new people she would encounter, both in the form of her colleagues as well as in the form of random citizens in various stages of annoyance for receiving tickets for their parking misbehaviour. The main reason for her involuntary leg fanning though was ever so slightly increasing its toll on her attention - she was beginning to need a toilet.

As the bus approached the city centre where the police station was located, Linda prepared to get off. She slid herself sideways on the seat in preparation to get off at the next bus stop. She was beginning to feel quite nervous at the prospect of walking in to the station for the first time, wondering how she would be welcomed, if at all. Nah, of course she would be welcomed, why else would they accept her as a potential future part of their force. Her nervousness manifested itself in an ever so slight increase of her urinary need, unconsciously causing her to subtly bounce her leg up and down as she waited for the bus to stop. In addition to her slight nervousness, her morning coffee also did its part in ramping up her need. No big deal really; her plan was to casually slip away into the restroom right after the introductory formalities, making sure she was as prepared as possible for her first day out on the field.

The bus stopped and Linda got off, immediately setting off towards the police station a few hundred meters down the street leading away from the town centre. She walked briskly with the light breeze blowing her blonde hair back in time with her confident steps, together with the flapping of her wide open butterfly collar. She looked good and she knew it, knowing full well what her tight flares did to the imagination of any guy that happened to catch her walking down the sidewalk. As she reached the entrance of the station, she paused for a second to get her bearings before going inside.

###

"Excuse me, my name is Linda Haywood, I'm here for my meter maid apprenticeship", she presented herself to the young officer behind the desk right inside the entrance.

"Oh, I see. Good morning, miss Haywood", he replied as he looked up at the young beauty who had just entered his workday, before rising up and showing her in. "This way, miss. I'm Gordon, station assistant, by the way"

Linda granted him a smile as she followed him into the station, taking the opportunity to look around for a toilet, but couldn't see one in the direct vicinity as they walked through to the inner office space. Inside the main area she was greeted by a mature woman in her 40's.

"Good morning, Linda. I'm Margaret Wilson, police officer. Really nice to meet you." she said while reaching out to shake Linda's hand before continuing, "Sometimes I'm shouldering the role as a meter maid as well whenever needed, but it's not really supposed to be my duty nowadays so we're really glad to see someone applying to fill that role. As you probably already know, the parking situation in this town has gotten worse in recent time so we need all the manpower we can get to get on grips with it."

"Yeah, so I've heard", Linda inserted before Margaret continued,

"So during this learning period, I will be your mentor out on the field and I'm thinking that at least during this first week you will simply follow me along while on duty. No responsibility will be laid on you, you just follow my lead and take note of how to determinate whether or not a car is wrongly parked and how to estimate the appropriate fee. Sounds alright with you, Linda?"

"Oh yes, definitely. I'm eager to get going and learn how to apply all that I've learned in real life."

"Good to hear, Linda. I really like your enthusiasm. You know, not many people would appreciate being the one burdened with the task of fining people for such seemingly innocuous acts as leaving their car in an inconsiderate manner for just a few minutes. But they would certainly not appreciate having someone else's car parked wherever it would cause some inconvenince for them, now would they? That's the message we have to get out there while on duty, that it's for everyone's sake that we have to make an example out of parking violation. In fact, that is sort of part of the job as well."

"Most certainly, Mrs Wilson", Linda remarked, "I've always been keen on keeping up order in all kinds of situations and am only glad to be part of that process."

"Mind you, you will encounter resistance and disdain a-plenty while on duty so it's important, not least for your own sanity, to keep an emotional distance whenever engaging in disputes."

"I'm very well aware of that and I'm prepared to take a fight whenever necessary, Mrs. Wilson", Linda tried to ensure her mentor, doing her best to sound confident.

"The fight is not yours to take, Linda" Margaret retorted, "Always remember to make it clear that whatever complaints they may have, you are not the one responsible for handling them. That's what the appeal process is for."

"I understand that." Linda said in a somewhat relenting voice before Margaret wound up her introductory speech:

"Now, we will begin our round just here around the city centre before driving off to a neighbourhood a few kilometers away before returning here for lunch at about 12. First though, we'll pick out a uniform for you to change into. Come with me." Margaret said as she urged Linda down a small hallway towards the changing room.

###

Linda was shown into the room where Margaret picked out a light blue uniform button-up blouse together with a dark blue knee-length skirt, dark brown tights and a pair of uniform loafers. As it was summertime, it had been decided that the otherwise obligatory jacket on top of it all was not required if the weather didn't call for it, the short-sleeved uniform blouse being considered sufficient to mark the authority of a meter maid armed with her sharp pencil and ticket book. Margaret left Linda alone in the changin room, leaving the aspiring young officer to change into her new outfit. 

After buttoning up her blouse, Linda admired her new professional look in the full-length mirror on the wall, turning sideways and back while the image in the mirror filled her up with confidence. She even caught herself fantisizing about guys being all but delighted to be fined by her due to her uniformed appearance while exercising her femininity over them. Shaking herself back to reality while reminding herself that she was not only on duty, but still very much at the very bottom of the ranks and there to learn, she folded her privade clothes and stowed them away in a locker.

As she exited the changing room and headed down the hallway to the main area where she was to rejoing her mentor, she was reminded of that one thing she needed to take care of before heading out, which was to find the restroom and relieve herself from her growing need. She walked the few meters down the hallway, trying to determine which of the few doors could possibly contain a lavatory. Just where the hallway led out to the main area, right at the opposite wall, she noticed that familiar lock indicator below the handle, signalling the promise of abdominal relief in just a few seconds. Linda discreetly grabbed the door handle -

Locked.

Damnit!

Just for good measure, she pulled down the handle once again, tugging on it slightly, but to no avail. Despite not showing any red on the lock indicator, the restroom was obviously in use. Linda cursed the deceiving lack of redness on the lock disc for filling her with anticipation for that brief moment, wondering if whoever was in there would be close to finishing up so she could sneak in before heading out. She folded her arms and leaned against the wall, while casually crossing her legs, eagerly listening for any sound that would indicate the upcoming vacancy of the lavatory...

*001*2023-07-08 19:10

Part 2

"Linda!"

Margaret stepped across the main area while waving for her new protegé to come with her.

"I see that you're all set. Now, let's get going." she continued, only stopping briefly in order for Linda to join her. Linda, having been dead set on spending a penny before heading out, was caught totally off-guard, battling fiercely in her mind whether or not to ask Margaret to wait while she did her business. Having but a split second to react though, and with Margaret so obviously determined to leave immediately, Linda simply couldn't find any space nor courage to create one for her personal convenience.

"I'm coming, Mrs. Wilson!", she replied as she somewhat begrudgingly left her waiting spot outside the still occupied restroom, casting a glance towards it over her shoulder as she followed Margaret through the main area towards the entrance. As they walked outside, she did some mental calculations; they would be out and about until around 12, that meant 4 more hours. No way she could hold on for that long considering her already significant need! 

But they would drive somewhere else after the first round, which meant fetching a car, which meant returning to the station, which meant she would be able to nip into the restroom. Although not confirmed, she assumed that would be roughly halfway through, that is about 2 hours from now. That was doable, at least she thought - and hoped - it was. She had been desperate before and had gotten away with it. If nothing else, she could consider it as part of the training to be able to last through several hours without access to a toilet. And, although she didn't relish the idea, in case she absolutely had to find a toilet even before the first two hours were up, they were in the city after all. Surely there would be a publicly available restroom somewhere, right?

With that part of her internal plan sorted out, Linda followed Margaret through the entrance and out on the pavement, setting off down the street towards the nearby town square. Along the street were a lengthy row of parked cars as they walked on by, but not much to take note of since parking was allowed there. Linda was already anticipating their first parking offence, if not out of spite then at least in order to have reason to watch Margaret's ticketing procedure. After maybe five minutes though, they reached the square without having encountered a single wrongly parked vehicle, but on that square was a bigger parking area with meters for each slot - a potential goldmine for an eagle-eyed meter maid. Well, Linda certainly didn't want to think about it like that but couldn't help but relishing the thought of having reason to crack down on some particularily flaunty car-owner with a bit too much money and style to care for petty regulations.

"Since we haven't seen any direct parking violations so far," Margaret addressed her protegé, "we might as well go over the parking meter routine. Now, I usually give them a chance to either renew their meter time or leave in their car, even if the time has run out. But if it's obvious that the owner isn't around, then I'll write them a ticket. People are usually pretty good at timing their metered parking actually, but there are of course exceptions."

Linda nodded in acknowledgment, subtly crossing one leg over the other as she couldn't help but already exercise the thought of looking for a public restroom after they had done the rounds on the town square parking area.

"So we will parade along this area and take note of the remaining time of all the engaged parking meters." Margaret continued, "This is probably one of the hardest things with this job - keeping track of all the meters that are running out. That's just one of those things that will come with experience, I assure you, so don't feel overwhelmed."

"That's alright," Linda replied, "I'm actually quite good at remembering small details like that." she said, almost as if trying to prove herself even though she didn't really have to.

"Very well," Margaret retorted, "Let's take a first round through the parking lot, shall we?"

###

The both of them took a leisurely stroll through the gap between two of the parking rows, taking note of the meters and the remaining time on each of them. Linda checked out the cars just as much as the meters, totally revelling in the prospects of encountering something even remotely exotic or exciting along the way. Most of them were just humdrum everyday drivers though, but her eyes fell onto a shiny Mercedes 300 SEL in bronze metallic. The devil inside her so wanted the meter to have run out, but there was well over 30 minutes left on it. Just as well, she thought, fantasizing a bit about who might be the owner of such a posh car. Next to it stood a not quite as impressive Renault 4 in a sunny orange shade, nonetheless strangely appealing in all its frugal austerity, being almost all the way down on the other side of the scale compared to the mighty Merc. Its owner had taken just as good care of his (her?) margins though, having almost an hour left on the meter.

All the automotive philosophizing didn't quite distract Linda from her much more basic need though. After about ten minutes of patrolling the car park, she found herself inconspicuously gazing towards the row of shops and other businesses along the street surrounding the town square, wondering if any of them offered any public conveniences. She felt her ever-filling bladder pressing down on her urethra as she walked along the parking lot, following Margaret while subtly grinding her upper thighs together, keeping them together at all times to aid her straining muscles.

Had she been anywhere near a toilet at this point, she would have paused whatever she was doing and head straight for it no matter what, but as she was out and about in a very public place with absolutely no telling when or where she would find a restroom, she had no choice but to continue holding on and pretending everything was fine. Also, her supposedly authoritative demeanour as a uniformed law enforcement lady would be seriously undercut if she displayed any signs of being the vulnerable victim of pesky urinary needs, which made her even more determined to not let on her growing desperation.

As they went through the parking lot, approaching the end of the row in which every single slot was occupied by obviously very conscious drivers, they finally encountered a British racing green MGB GT as the second to last car in the row with no time left on the parking meter.

"Look, apparently we've got a live one." Margaret said as she pointed this out matter-of-factly, "Now, you would do absolutely no wrong in immediately writing out a ticket, as this is a clear-cut case of violation, but what I usually do in these cases, as I said, is to give the owner half a chance to get back before too long."

Linda nodded in acknowledgement as she stood with her legs subtly crossed with her hands behind her back, swaying slightly from side to side as she listened to her mentor's reasoning.

Margaret continued, "As we cannot tell whether the owner has been overstaying for a minute or an hour, we'll give him the benefit of the doubt and assume the best. We'll take note of this and check again in a few minutes, and if the car is still here and the meter time has not been renewed, we'll issue a ticket."

As Margaret finished up her address, she led Linda away from the beautiful green MG and towards the next row of cars. Linda kept looking back at the MG; just what a coincidence that the very first parking violation they encountered was carried out by one of her dream cars. She almost felt it a sign beckoning her to actually go for one of those once she had scrapped together enough money. In the midst of her car thoughts though, she was interrupted by the sight of something which for the moment beckoned even more than the MG; at the far end of the square beyond the parking space, right beside a street junction - a public lavatory!

###

The two of them hung around at the end of the parking rows and exchanged some small-talk in order to get to know each other while waiting to see if the MG owner would show up in due time. Linda told a little about her upbringing and how she sometimes was given a hard time at school whenever she told on anyone committing some kind of mischief, to sort of slide in how righteous and orderly she was in order to impress her new mentor. All the while, she was subtly stepping from side to side with one leg crossed in front of the other back and forth, and as Margaret did the talking, Linda couldn't help but gaze longingly towards the newly discovered public restroom over yonder. Her need had risen significantly since they left the station about 40 minutes ago and she had to keep moving in order to help her straining muscles down there to hold it. She wondered if she should interrupt their conversation and excuse herself, but decided to wait for a more apt opportunity to sneak away towards it.

After about ten more minutes of chit-chat, Margaret turned her attention back to that MG as its owner still hadn't showed up.

"Well, looks like we'll have to issue our first ticket for the day", she said, not so much triumphantly as with a hint of motherly disappointment.

She proceeded to fill in the ticket while showing Linda all the required parameters. Linda meanwhile couldn't really take her mind off of her bladder and the by now very much beckoning public lavatory nearby. While Margaret did her thing, Linda stood watching with her hands behind her back and one knee bent over the other as she turned slightly from side to side.

"Now, it's easy to mentally fall into the trap of seeing this as some kind of treasure hunt", Margaret said as she bent down over the green sports car to fasten the ticket behind the wiper.

"But if one day goes by without even a single ticket being issued, that's a good day. The less we need to do, the better, because that means that people are actually taking heed of the rules, no small thanks to the very knowledge of our presence."

"Certainly, Mrs. Wilson", Linda acknowledged, trying her best to stand still for a moment while clenching her sphincter.

"But of course that seldom happens. Most outings will inevitably result in at least a handful of tickets at the end of the day. Now, let's move on to the next row of cars, and then we'll patrol the sidestreets before heading back to the station."

The two maids went down the next row of cars, stopping once again in order to mark down a vinyl-roofed Ford Cortina whose owner hadn't even bothered to pay the meter in the first place. After having walked further along, Linda looked back and noticed the clearly frustrated owner returning to the Ford and tearing off the ticket from the windscreen before getting in to his car and drive off. The real reason she looked back though, was what lurked in the distance at the far end of the square - that damned toilet she so very much wanted to head back to now. But Margaret, clearly oblivious to the prospects of her young blonde protegé needing a toilet, marched on along the carpark. As they reached the end of the row, a sky blue Citroën DS earned itself their third ticket of the day for illicitly occupying a disabled space without the proper token.

###

"Maggie! I see you're on the prowl again!"

Just as they reached the end of the row, a middle-aged man approached them, apparently an acquaintance of Margaret.

"Martin!", Margaret replied jovially, "It's been a while, hasn't it?"

"It certainly has. So, how's the family and all?" Martin replied in turn.

The two of them began chatting amongst themselves while Linda stood aside, smiling and nodding in passing when she was presented by Margaret. She kept her hands behind her back as she eagerly waited for them to wrap up their talk. Her bladder was very full and throbbed beneath her uniform skirt that by now had started to really tighten its hold around her abdomen. She couldn't help but turning from side to side as she struggled to stand still, feeling the urine constantly pressing down on her strained sphincter.

Margaret and Martin blabbered on, adding more and more minutes to Linda's increasingly desperate wait for the toilet. She kept standing with her hands behind her back, bending one knee over the other while twisting her body from side to side, occasionally gazing across the town square towards where she knew a toilet was waiting. 'Come on, please stop talking!' she thought to herself while involuntarily doing a slight curtsey with her legs pinched together before stepping slightly back and forth. 

She almost felt like a little girl silently urging her mother to get a move on as Margaret, totally oblivious to Linda's growing anxiety, seemed to have no intention to wrap up her conversation anytime soon. Linda kept shifting from foot to foot although she really tried her best to stand as still ass possible, but her bladder pulsated and threatened to force the urine out. She felt that if she was to stand still and only rely on her sphincter, she would most certainly start to wet herself, it was that bad by now! The moving about provided some much needed relief even though she felt rather silly, squirming around like that as if she had ants crawling up and down her body.

After maybe five more minutes with no sign of Margaret and Martin nearing the end of their exchange, Linda finally decided that perhaps she could take the opportunity to nip off to the restroom. It shouldn't be more than a couple of minutes if she hurried after all. She bit her lip and mustered up her courage as she waited for a gap in their conversation, trying her best to stand still with her legs tightly held together for a brief moment -

"Oh well, musn't forget that we're on duty here", Margararet then suddenly said, "We probably should get going. But we'll keep in touch for next weekend. Really about time our families got together!"

"Sure thing! I must be on my way as well. See you, Maggie!" Martin replied as he went away. Margaret then made a gesture to Linda to walk back to the other end of the square.

Finally! Almost as if on cue. Linda couldn't be happier that she didn't have to make that embarrasing request after all. Now she could casually nip off into the restroom while on the way without having to force the issue and disclosing her desperation in the process.

"Sorry about that, but Martin and I go way back and haven't seen each other for a while." Margaret said apologetically.

"No worries, I totally understand." Linda assured her as they approached the other end of the parking lot, all but totally focused on the public lavatory building towering up before her, in her mind probably ten times its actual size. Having to keep in pace with her mentor, Linda forced herself not to hurry although she wanted nothing more than to sprint towards the door.

The closer they got, the slower her steps seemed. Oh god, please move faster, it's right there! She kept assuring herself that she was only moments from being able to release her bladder's content into the bowl. Almost there. She prepared her excuse in her head, fomulating it in as casual a manner as possible. Just a brief nonchalant note in passing, nothing urgent. The entrance just around the corner on their left. Linda turned towards it just as they passed, taking a deep breath in order to excuse herself before slipping inside -

- OUT OF ORDER -

*002*2023-08-24 23:41

Goddamnit, a month and a half since the last part? That won't do! I sincerely apologize for the delay, but inspiration can be an elusive mistress. I'll try to finish it up soon enough, but in the meantime, let's check out how Linda's morning progressed from there on, shall we?

Part 3

As if the big-lettered sign hadn't made the state of things clear enough, the entirety of the entrance opening was barred by a lattice gate, firmly locked in place with a big padlock. Frustrated at being so close to relief only to have it snatched away at the last moment (even though it technically wasn't even present in the first place), Linda resumed her walk alongside her mentor, still pretending not to be bothered. Her full bladder pulsated inside her abdomen, almost as if it deliberately was punishing her for having promised it relief by the sight of the loo. She struggled to keep her steps casual enough as not to raise suspicion as the both of them strolled down a sidestreet.

"We'll do a round through the blocks on this side of town for the next hour or so before heading back to the station.", Margaret said while leading the way down the street. Linda nodded in agreement, hoping that they would pass another public restroom of sorts sooner or later.

To her dismay though, for the next half-hour or so they went up and down street after street in a mainly residential area, meaning there were no traces of any public conveniences. Linda's need was still growing, albeit thankfully not quite as fast as she had feared and her engagement with the few parking offenses they encountered provided at least some distraction from her desperation. But as her bladder was already full to begin with, she still had to struggle with keeping her composure, especially whenever they momentarily stopped by an offender, forcing her to stand still.

A brown Austin Maxi double-parked in a date zone attracted the attention of Margaret who immediately set to writing another ticket, all the while Linda stood with her arms crossed in front of her chest, pinching her legs tightly together as she tried not to wiggle about and give away her by now severe need. She looked worriedly around for anywhere where there might just be any toilet for her to use, if not necessarily a public one. If there would at least have been some shops around she could possibly nip off into one and ask to use their staff restroom...

But no shops to be found anywhere in this part of town, only residential blocks and some regular house streets in the distance. Linda had no choice but to keep holding it, along with holding her desperate secret all to herself as the two ladies strolled up and down the blocks. She started to wonder how the heck she had gotten into this situation in the first place and how meter maids actually coped with their inevitable toilet needs. She quickly concluded that they simply must be relieving themselves in between the rounds while at the station, something she herself indeed was intent on doing had the toilet been vacant. 

But why didn't she wait? Because Margaret called on her for the round. But why didn't she speak up and asked to wait for the loo to become free before going out? Because she was shy. New to the job and shy. And so self-conscious. - Damn my stupid shyness! she thought, as she realized that it was the only thing really getting in between her and a toilet. It was not the fact that the only public loo they passed was out of order or that there were no other toilets around where they passed; it was her own prudence, that and nothing else! And now it had marooned her in a situation where she was bursting with no other choice but to hold out until they were done.

And hold out she did, even though her situation became more and more dire. Her bladder continued filling up relentlessly as they went through the streets, stopping occasionally for a parking offender. The meter had ran out for a forest green Saab 96, thus earning it another ticket, but not even the fact that just behind it was parked a silver sparkling Jaguar E-Type, Linda's number one dream car, managed to distract her from her desperate need. Normally she would have eyed the british grand tourer up and down in all its splendour and drooled over its magnificent beauty, but as for now, nothing in her world was more important than getting back to the station and the - at least for the moment - even more beautiful porcelain throne.

As Margaret finished up her duties with the Saab that had overstayed its welcome, Linda felt her bladder throbbing, threatening to push its contents out from between her clenched legs. She tried standing still for a moment, relying only on her muscles to hold it in, when she suddenly felt the immense pressure of urine almost entering her urethra, despite her utmost clenching. She realized that if she didn't move about at least somewhat, it would come out! Her heart beat faster at the thought of not even being able to hold it in with the aid of additional movement - then it would be game over regardless of what she did. The urine would have nowhere to go but into her clothes! And she had no idea how long it would take until she reached that point, only that she'd have to assume it to happen sooner rather than later.

###

Finally at around 10 AM, the meter maid pair had scanned the nearby streets with Margaret having added some fresh misdemeanours to her notebook. Linda was more than thankful for their returning as her need had risen to a serious level. She found herself grinding her knees together in a slight waddle as she walked alongside her mentor. Her ever-filling bladder pushed down harder and harder on her sphincter, meaning she dared no longer rely on muscles alone to keep it all inside; she needed the additional squeeze of her thighs but was confident to finally get relief within the next few minutes.

As the two ladies strode back into the police station, Margaret said in passing:

"I'm just going to the lavatory, then I'll fetchg the car keys and we'll be off for the next round."

Linda seized her chance.

"I'll come with you then, I kinda need to use the loo as well."

'Kinda' didn't begin to describe her by now severe desperation as she followed her mentor through the main area towards the lone restroom across the hallway. Her very full bladder ached with every step, prompting a cautious stride with stiff legs not moving too far apart from each other. The swift tapping of her shoes on the floor was clearly signalling a heightened level of distress to anyone who cared to acknowledge it.

She didn't make it more than halfway though before she was stopped in her tracks by Gordon, the young and handsome assistant who greeted her earlier this morning.

"Miss Haywood," he prompted, "While you're here, would you care to take a moment and fill in these forms? It's for security clearance, non-disclosure agreements and general employee formalities. It's required even for interns to have these in order, you know."

"Good on you, Gordon", Margaret chipped in as she paused on her way to the restroom, "Might as well get that out of the way. See you at the entrance in a bit, Linda!", she said before disappearing inside the toilet.

Linda cursed silently in frustration, but had of course little excuse to interrupt her newly assigned task in the predicament of the situation, what with the toilet being occupied for the next few minutes anyway. She clenched her thighs and prepared for a few additional minutes of holding.

"Oh, I see." she bashfully surrendered. "How many forms are there?" she continued, trying to gauge how long it would take her to complete them.

"Five, all in all. Three of them are merely to be signed though, but it's important that you read through all of the terms you're agreeing with as well." Gordon replied, stifling a smirk on his face as she handed Linda the papers on a nearby pulpit together with a pen.

Linda proceeded to fill in the first form with all kinds of required personal information. She felt stress and worry rising inside her as she scribbled down her info, trying but failing to stand still, having to subtly gyrate her hips from side to side in order to clamp off the ocean of urine she was hiding inside of her. Her knees involuntarily shook rapidly back and forth, occasionally stopping for her to lift one leg, squeezing her thigh over the other before resuming the knee-shaking motion. Oh god, her bladder was so full! Margaret would definitely be over and done with her restroom visit before Linda was done with this and she became extremely worried that she wouldn't be able to catch that brief opportunity to relieve herself before they left again. She had to haste through these papers and get in there before Margaret urged her out again!

###

All the while, Gordon sat back at his desk a few meters away, not for one moment taking one eye away from the pretty young blonde in her uniform blouse and skirt clearly in distress as she tried to haste through her task of completing the forms. To say that he was excited would be to say nothing; he knew exactly what he was doing when he made her fill out those forms right then. She could just as well have left them until the end of this her first day, but he was certainly not in the wrong in suggesting this brief moment of idleness either as they were important forms to have in order. Just the thought of having a valid excuse to prevent a cute girl from getting to a toilet turned him on to no end, and when the perfect opportunity to do so reared itself, he couldn't help himself and immediately jumped on the chance, because how often do you get to do that? Once in a blue moon, at best.

For as long as he could remember, Gordon had been turned on by the prospects of girls getting desperate and ending up wetting themselves, and the sexier their clothing when it happened, the better. Of course, 'sexy' is a highly subjective notion, but for Gordon the key word was 'tight'; shirts or blouses, tight jeans or pants, tight skirts or tight hotpants with tights underneath. In that regard he was indeed lucky to have been coming of age today during the 1970's of all times, as there's no shortage of snugly fitting goodness, bell bottoms and tight skirts to feed his perverted imagination. Many were the times when even the fleeting sight of any selected girl back at school wearing just the right kind of clothing sparked his fantasizing about her growing desperate for one reason or other, and then finally having a humiliating accident, totally drenching her oh-so-tight pants in full public view.

And this morning when Linda walked into the station in her flowery collared shirt and tight bell-bottoms, his mind immediately began to race. Just the thought of her totally pissing those jeans wearing that shirt made him go crazy. And then, only moments later when she had changed into her uniform, he caught her trying the occupied lavatory before being prompted away by Margaret. Oh my god, that was amazing! And then to learn that when she returned a couple of hours later, she apparently still hadn't been able to get to a toilet - beggar's belief! Of course he had to delay her if he got even the slightest chance!

Naturally, imagining her having an accident in her civil outfit would have been absolutely wonderful, but he was gladly taking whatever he could get - her button-up uniform blouse together with the knee-length skirt would most certainly do it for him now that she was actually desperate for real and not just in his mind. Oh, and those black tights... oh god. 

He imagined her walking worriedly down the street, braiding her legs, piss spurting out underneath her skirt before she suddenly stopped and crossed them even tighter while bending down as she totally lost it, piss totally raining down her black tights and through the skirt onto the asphalt below for everyone to see as she cried her eyes out. It was so cruel, but so hot. So goddamn hot. And so very much possible at this point. He even pondered upon a valid reason for him to be there if it happened, but alas he was at a loss coming up with one. In the meantime, he was relishing every moment of poor desperate Linda struggling to stand still as she powered through with her forms a few meters away, silently praying for Margaret to take her time...

*004*2023-09-03 12:33

Spurred on in no insignificant part by the previous comment, as well as a general wish to finish this one up, here is the conclusion.

Part 4

Linda struggled through the forms, for the moment unaware that Margaret suddenly exited the lavatory and disappeared down the hallway, leaving it vacant for anyone to use. Gordon held his breath. Please don't see it, please don't see it, he silently implored as his eyes darted between the vacant restroom and the desperate young uniformed lady doing everything in her might not to let on just how bursting she was. The vacant restroom remained so for almost a minute before an older officer approached it with a paper under his arm before Linda had even acknowledged the brief opportunity. Oh yes, just what the doctor ordered! Gordon thought to himself as he watched the man locking himself in for what would possibly be a considerate amount of time since he bothered to bring with him the daily news. This was perfect!

For Linda though, things were far from perfect. She struggled through the last page of the non-disclosure agreement, not without the occasional brief curtsey and leg crossing in the process, before gathering her papers and handed them over to Gordon, himself struggling with hiding his excitement as he took the papers and put them aside.

"Thank you, appreciate you taking your time doing it now", he said. Little did she know just how very much he appreciated it...

Just then, Margaret emerged from around the corner, seemingly all set to get out for their second round.

"I see you're good to go. Let's head out to the car and be on our way then!", she said while walking towards the exit, leaving poor desperate Linda with a split second to react and speak up on her own behalf. She had to go before they went out, she just had to!

"...ehm... Mrs. Wilson!", she shyly beckoned, "I just need to... to nip in there quickly", she said while making a gesture towards the restroom at the other side of the office.

"Very well, but make it quick then, we need to get going", Margaret replied.

Linda scurried across the office, past Gordon who knew something Linda didn't...

Out of sight from her clearly impatient mentor, Linda tried the restroom door - which of course was locked. Very locked. Oh no, please no, please not now! After having tugging a couple of times in disbelief, Linda folded her arms in front of her while wiggling her legs back and forth, both in desperation as well as stressed-out anticipation. Her bladder was so full, a massive reservoir of hours worth of urine pressing down on her poor tensed urethra. She had to go before they went out, there was simply no alternative! Oh god, hurry up, please hurry up! she silently beckoned whoever was in there. But the man inside made no audible effort to speed up his proceedings, only some faint rustling of paper and the occasional clearing of his throat could be heard by the evermore stressed out Linda who felt her opportunity window mercilessly closing by the second!

One minute went by with no sign of him being done, her bladder pulsated, so much urine, please be done, please be done, she had to go now, her time was running out! Another minute, still no action, Linda's heart beating in total overdrive, she so wanted to knock and get him to hurry up but didn't dare. Was there really no other lavatory in the station? The thought hadn't really crossed her mind until that very moment. She hadn't seen any, but as she felt her panic of her granted bathroom break quickly running out, she knew she had to make an effort. She simply couldn't afford not to go before they went out, she simply couldn't.

Linda strode away from the hallway in an attempt to embark on her personal misson of finding a possible alternative restroom, when Margaret immediately spotted her:

"Alright then, Linda, come on, let's get on with it!", Margaret ordered, clearly confident that her sweet young disciple had taken care of her personal business in the few minutes she had deviated from the schedule. She turned on her heel and headed for the exit, all but expecting Linda to follow.

Linda on the other hand panicked. No, I haven't been yet! I have to go! I have to find a toilet! I'm desperate! I can't wait! I'm going to have an accident!!! Please, Mrs. Wilson, I have to go, please, please!!!!

A thousand phrases, all underlining the fact that she was still unrelieved from her liquid burden, flew through her head as she watched her mentor heading out the door. She had to follow, she had no choice. She had been granted a break and it had come and gone. For all Margaret knew, she no longer needed to wee, she was now alright and ready to get on with her learning duties for hours if necessary. But she wasn't alright. She was bursting, no - beyond bursting!

Her bladder filled to the brim, with the urine nowhere to go but into her pretty uniform for everyone to see whenever the final space had run out! And it would - sooner rather than later! Linda could have cried, but totally trapped in her expected duty and firmly locked by own shyness, she had no choice but hastily follow her mentor out the door and to the car. Gordon meanwhile had the time of his life, watching poor unrelieved Linda disappearing out in the wilderness with little to no hope of finding a restroom in time. He cursed the fact that he couldn't be there to witness it, but it didn't stop his fantasies to sprawl out in his mind anyway...

###

Still blissfully unaware of Linda's alarming emergency, Margaret led the two of them to the parking space behind the station and the chocolate brown Rover P6 they had at their disposal. Not the V8 one of course, that would have been just a tad bit too frivolous, but the twin-carb engine was no slouch either, and the Rostyle rims together with the vinyl roof still signalled this was not just any ordinary vehicle. Linda loved these cars and normally she would have been absolutely revelling in the fact that it constituted part of her workplace.

But normally she wouldn't be absolutely bursting, in danger of totally disgracing herself, her uniform and possibly the upholstery of the Rover. She carefully placed herself in the passenger seat, almost accidentally pressing out the contents of her bladder as she was forced to bend at the waist in order to sit down. Stressed out of her mind, she prayed for them to at least pass by somewhere there might be an available toilet, just about anywhere would do. She would go into a shop and beg to use theirs if necessary, she could no longer afford not to grab on to any tiny lifeline that might be thrown her way.

But for all Margaret knew, Linda had already been to the loo, she was totally fine to go on for several hours from now on without a break. Linda knew this, and that very fact only added to her already rising panic. How the hell was she going to admit that she was literally moments from totally pissing herself and simply had to find somewhere before that happened? The cogs in her brain went into overdrive but she concluded that her only option was to wait until they arrived wherever they were heading, and then inconspicuosly sneak away to the nearest place with a loo. Because there simply had to be somehere where they were going, it just had to!

The two meter maids went through the city in the Rover at a leisurely pace, way too leisurely for poor Linda who sat beside Margaret with her hands pretend-resting in her lap, trying everything not to show that she really was grabbing her tightly pressed together thighs as she felt her bladder constantly throbbing beneath her uniform skirt. Every second felt like a minute and every minute like an hour. Red lights. No. Please no. Please not now, please change, PLEEEAAASEEEE!!! They sat at the junction for almost a minute before the lights finally let them through, all the while during which Linda gritted her teeth and panted in frustration. Thankfully - relatively so - Margaret had yet to notice her plight and sat looking out the side window while waiting.

When they finally were on their way again, continuing along the main street that went through the city, Linda suddenly felt a surge of desperation through her entire body and for a moment her whole world slowed down as the surge reached her abdomen - SSSH

NO! NONONONONO PLEASE NO NOT NOW NOT YET!!!!!!

She felt the unmistakable spurt soaking her knickers for about a second and stiffened up even more in her seat, clamping together her legs, one knee ever so slightly over the other as she used her hands to try and apply even more pressure on the outside of her thighs. But this the first spurt was a warning - even the very next one could be the last, the final, the absolutely fatal. There was no telling if it was minutes or even seconds away. She had to say something. But she couldn't. But she had to. But she couldn't. Why was it so bloody hard to just say it?! Everyone needs to go to the toilet every now and then! But everybody also didn't wait until the very last minute to do so, nor did they pretend to have already gone when they were in reality absolutely bursting. Everybody apart from Linda, that is. She was trapped in her own making and she absolutely hated herself for having gotten into this idiotic situation!

Totally panicked at the warning spurt, Linda sat and prayed for the next surge - because there would certainly be more of those - not to rear itself until they had arrived. Thankfully, Margaret seemed to slow down for a junction a few hundred meters ahead.

"Just down the street there to the right and then we can park the car alongside it."

"Mhm...", Linda replied shyly with her lips pressed shut, subtly rocking back and forth in order to desperately keep her urine inside for just a few more minutes.

Margaret turned onto the side street leading towards what looked like a commercial zone. Linda sat looking out the windscreen in anticipation. There must be a shop nearby where she could use a toilet, there simply must be! The Rover cruised along the street at what seemed like a snail's pace, each desperate second meant one second closer to her imminent accident. Please stop, please! But she had to clamp herself shut for a few more moments, she knew they were almost there now.

Finally the car came to a halt by the curb. Margaret switched off the engine and said:

"Right, we'll patrol this and the adjacent streets for the next hour or so. Let's go."

Linda opened the door and tried to muster up every ounce of holding ability she could in order to raise herself onto her feet. She grabbed the doorframe with one hand while supporting herself against her thigh with the other while carefully standing up.

And then that horrifyingly familiar surge again.

SSSH

Linda panicked yet again and paused mid-motion for a moment before regaining control and composure. She knew she had to find somewhere NOW! She scanned the street and noticed a small tobacco store some ten meters behind their car. It didn't seem likely that they had a public loo but they surely had to have something for their staffers to use. In any case, she was in no position to bet on there not being one. In a flash she came up with what seemed like a legit excuse:

"I - I'm just gonna buy me a pack of cigarettes", she blurted out as she made a gesture towards the tobacco store. She didn't smoke, but Margaret didn't know that, and she would gladly inhale a whole pack of twenty in exchange for a toilet at this point.

"You can do that during lunchtime", Margaret retorted, "We are not supposed to be seen smoking while on duty anyway. Come on, we need to get going!"

Linda paused for a second, trying to think of a better excuse to head for the tobacco store but her quavering lips failed her. Her overfilled bladder sent another massive surge, causing her to halt before catching up with her mentor. Thankfully she survived it without a spurt this time, but it hurt so much. Oh good lord did it hurt! And her chance for possible relief had yet again slipped away. There had to be a loo somehwere nearby that she could sneak into, there just had to!

But as she hobbled along right behind Margaret with her knees constantly grinding against each other, feeling the strength in her abdominal muscles starting to give way, she realized that she was truly and verily running out of time. Any moment now, that horrific surge could send her entire bladder's content into her skirt and down her black pantyhose right there in the street! And then, just as they were waiting for a graphite grey Renault 16 to pass so that they could cross a small junction - TSSSH

Linda gasped audibly while crossing her legs hard while covering her mouth to shut herself up as she felt urine drip down her thighs beneath her skirt. She quickly straightened up before Margaret turned towards her.

"Something amiss, Linda?", Margaret enquired, having noticed Linda's brief gasp.

Linda turned bright red in the face.

"...uhm... no... I mean... I kinda need to find a restroom... soon...", she shyly replied.

That was the understatement of the year. Margaret replied in passing:

"Not to worry, there are some public lavatories further down there which we'll pass on our way", she said before taking off across the junction, oblivious to the utter emergency that her protegé was suffering through.

Linda felt tears emerging in her soft eyes as she hobbled along with criss-crossing legs after Margaret, clicking her heels against the paved sidewalk. She didn't have time to go for those supposed public lavatories, and she knew it. There was nothing for it - she had to admit it, however embarrasing. The alternative would be to totally piss herself in her professional uniform right there in public on her first day!

"Mrs. Wilson... I'm sorry... I - I can't..."

"What's the matter, Linda?", Margaret said as she paused and turned towards the poor desperate apprentice.

"I haven't been all morning! The loo in the station was occupied and I never got to use it! I'm so desperate, I have to find a toilet now! I'm about to wet myself!!!"

Tears filled her eyes as her face turned an even deeper red. She refused to cry but couldn't help a few teardrops trickling down her red cheeks as she uttered her humiliating admission. Finally, Margaret realized the severity of the situation.

"Oh my, you poor thing! Why didn't you say something earlier? Of course we could have stopped somewhere if you needed to!", Margaret said in honest compassion.

Of course we would have stopped somewhere. I'm so stupid! I'm so incredibly utterly stupid! Linda thought to herself as she felt her muscles momentarily give in yet again - SSSH

"OOH!!!!", Linda gasped as she crossed her legs and bent down to stave off the impending flood. Margaret instantly reacted.

"Come on, we'll get you into the nearest possible place before you have an accident!"

Margaret led Linda further down the street and into the very next publicly open doorway, which happened to be a bank office. Whilst no longer needing to hide her emergency from Margaret, Linda still tried not to show it off to the rest of the world, in this case all the customers that gathered inside the bank. She hastily followed Margaret with small, tip-toeing steps, scissoring her legs one in front of the other while holding her arms outstretched down her sides, clenching her fists. Her bladder pulsated and throbbed, threatening to release it all for each agonizing step. There were no visible restrooms inside the bank but Margaret was already ahead on that one.

"We'll just ask to use the staff restroom, come on Linda!", she said as she led the way towards the counters.

###

But of course there were loads of people queueing up in front of the counters, the shortest one having 5 people in it waiting for their turn to be attended. The two ladies paused right behind it for a moment. Linda felt another fatal surge - SSSSSH - hot desperate urine filled up her knickers and overflowed them slightly as she pressed her thighs together for all she was worth, forcing the drips out between them. She bit her lip as she curtseyed down on her double-crossed legs, realizing that she was literally about to have a catastrophic accident inside a crowded bank office!

"...I can't wait! It's coming....!", she panted as her teary eyes grew wide. Margaret took charge yet again:

"Let's get to the front, come on!", Margaret said as she utilized her innate authority and quickly led the way past the queue and interjected, "Excuse me, but this is a bit of an emergency. My colleague really needs a restroom, would it be possible for her to use the staff toilet?". She turned to the man who was in the process of being attended and added, "I'm really sorry to bother, but this is quite urgent!"

"Oh...", the man said, not quite with it yet, "Oh, that's alright, I'm just waiting for the withdrawal to complete anyway", he continued as he noticed the clearly ultra-desperate young lady standing beside, beet red and all teary-eyed with braided legs.

Linda was clenching her every muscle as she felt her bladder about to give way, sending hours worth of urine down her double-crossed legs. Her face burned with total humiliation, feeling like a pathetic little child.

"Oh... well, I'm really sorry, but we don't have any customer lavatories", the cashier replied, "and we are not allowed to let people in behind the counters. I'm afraid you'll have to look elsewhere."

Another desperate spurt escaped - SSSSHH - sending a trickle down her crossed legs, even past the hem of the skirt. Her bladder hurt so much she was beginning to feel numb and approaching the point where her muscles no longer would be able to withstand the immense pressure.

"...please....I really can't wait any longer..." she sniffled in a breathless voice, so utterly embarrassed for having to admit her demeaning need in front of all these people.

"Surely you could make an exception just this once?", Margaret implored in her authoritative manner, "It really is an emergency."

"Well, I do have to check with my superiors. If you could just stay put for a moment", the cashier replied as she went away looking for someone to authorize the exception.

Linda meanwhile felt her time was so very absolutely running out by now. She couldn't stand straight anymore, her abdomen was hurting to the point of almost going numb and for each second that went by, she felt more and more like the only thing that kept the urine inside was her crossed thighs. Images of trying to hold back the running water from a tap with just one hand as it sprayed all around it flew through her head as she realized that it was exactly what was about to happen right there, beneath her uniform skirt!

"Hang on, Linda. I'm sure you'll get to use their restroom", Margaret said in earnest sympathy. The people in the queue had started to wonder about the commotion taking place in the front, leading the currently attended man to explain to the next person that apparently this young meter maid needed to use their restroom.

The knowledge about the utterly desperate young lady, totally on the brink of wetting herself, spread along the queue but Linda was beyond caring about any of that now. The agonizing minutes went by as they waited for the temporary allowance as Linda's bladder throbbed violently before suddenly a massive surge went through her body, totally overriding her muscles's holding abilites - sssSSs...ssSSs...ssSSHH

"Oh... oh no.... oh please no...", she gasped as she felt multiple spurts pumping out desperate urine between her crossed thighs, sending several streaks down her pantyhosed legs. This was it - her bladder was beyond full, her muscles were giving out - she was going to piss herself right there, right now, and everyone inside the bank would be there to see it! The young desperate meter maid was going to have a massive peeing accident in her uniform in front of tens of people beacuse she wasn't allowed to use the toilet!

"Sorry for the wait", came the sudden voice just as Linda's bladder was about to give in. "I checked with our manager and you may use our restroom since it's an emergency. Please come with me", she continued as she gestured for the two ladies to follow her behind the counter.

Linda, somewhat startled by the news, managed to find a teeny-weeny bit of momentary strength in the wake of her possible salvation. The two ladies followed the cashier behind the counter and down a small hallway. At the far end to the right was a compartment leading to two unisex restrooms for the staffers to use.

"Here you are, miss", the cashier said, pointing the way into the compartment and the luckily vacated restrooms. Linda wasted no time, now feeling the fatal resurgence of her bladder giving in as she tiptoed with scissoring legs towards the compartment. Now there was no turning back - she felt the urine literally about to enter her urethra and force its way out through her exhausted muscles. She sprinted towards the nearest restroom as her numb abdomen pulsated - ssssSSSSH - she thrust her hand through her skirt in a last desperate attempt to stave off the flood - sssSSSSH - before stumbling inside the cubicle, throwing the toilet lid up - ssssSSSH - feeling urine overflowing her knickers yet again before dripping down her pantyhose, managing to tear them all down in one swift motion just as she realized this last gush couldn't be stopped as she hovered over the toilet bowl - ssSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHSHSSSHSHSHSSSHSHSHSHSHSHSSSSS...

A splash of urine on the seat before it all came surging out like a firehose into the water as she finally managed to rest herself onto the bowl - SSSSSSSSSSHSSHSHSHSHHSSSSSSSHSHSSSSSHSHSSSS - so much, so much piss, and it had all been so close to end up in her uniform out there in front of all those people! The gusher went on and on in surge after surge as her poor exhausted abdomen relentlessly pumped it out. Oh god, never ever in her short sweet life had she carried so much urine within her. For over one and a half minutes, hot high-pressure urine thundered out of her with total abandon before the stream finally tapered off, leaving Linda panting on the seat in disbelief that she actually had made it. She was almost all set on not being granted to use their toilet as she had stood out there literally about to lose it.

###

After her immense relief, she surveyed her pantyhose and knickers, the latter obviously being all saturated. Her pantyhose were damp in places and streaks had been running all along them but thankfully they weren't really noticeable and had already begun to dry out. She decided to discard her soaked knickers and after wiping herself, she pulled up her pantyhose, deciding they would have to do in terms of shielding her womanhood beneath her skirt that thankfully had survived the ordeal with no visible traces of wetness. She washed her hands and made a last quick check of her appearance before exiting the cubicle to rejoin her mentor.

"Wow, you must have been quite desperate, weren't you?", Margaret greeted her outside.

"Uhm, yeah", Linda shyly replied, "I really was. Thank you so much for helping me out, Mrs. Wilson."

"Don't mention it, of course I did.", Margaret assured her as the two ladies walked through the bank office. Linda tried not to look at the people standing around as the two ladies made their way through the main area and towards the exit.

"You're good to go for the round, Linda?" Margaret enquired as they walked out in the street.

"Oh, sure, I'm fine now", Linda replied, having regained her composure. "Again, thank you, Mrs. Wilson."

"You should have said something beforehand though, you can't go around all day and just quietly keep holding it until it's almost too late", Margaret continued.

"Oh, yes, of course. I tried to use the loo in the station but it was occupied and I didn't want to cause any trouble", Linda admitted.

"If you have to go, you just say so. Nothing troublesome about that. You're not the first girl in this corp who has been caught short after all. You really pushed your luck there, but there was a girl a few years ago who wasn't so lucky."

"Oh... what happened then?" Linda enquired, slightly curious about Margaret's last remark.

"Well, it wasn't on duty" Margaret replied, "but after one of our annual get-togethers one evening and this new girl, had only been with us for a couple of weeks then, had kept quiet about her need for the toilet until we all have left the pub and were heading for the station. Long story short, when she finally admitted she was desperate, we tried to find an open facility for her but, well, she ended up not making it."

"Oh... I see", Linda replied, eternally grateful that she didn't end up like that girl.

*007*2023-09-15 20:18

{{On 9/8/2023 at 11:28 PM, Flush said:

Great story Apan, the one I enjoyed the most from you so far. You describe the relief of poor Linda’s bladder in such detail; a perfect example of how a “barely made it” story can also be so wonderfully erotic. Thanks for writing this for us.

}}

And thanks for appreciating it, only happy to provide! Of course, I wholeheartedly disagree on the barely-made-it bit. To me, that's about as big a deflating buzzkill as can be. Had I been reading this one instead of writing it, I would have hated it. So frustrating and disappointing to have all the wonderful buildup only to have her finally making it, even if only just. When it comes to reading stories for my own pleasure, I want the full-blown accident or nothing. Interestingly though, writing is a completely different matter, I've come to realize. Since I can't get that wonderful thrill of a great story if I'm the one writing it anyway, I've found it more satisfying to write for others rather than myself, so might as well kill my own darlings and give the people what they want.

