Brittany the LifeGuard

Author: alleycat89

*000*2024-11-06 01:28

Brittany woke up to the sound of her alarm, a cacophony of seagulls and waves crashing against the shore that filled her beachside apartment. She stretched languidly with her naked body. Her eyes fluttered open to reveal the blindingly bright sunshine filtering through the flimsy curtains, signaling another day at her dream job as a lifeguard at the bustling Sunshine Beach. She had moved here a few months ago, eager to escape the mundane routine of her small town and immerse herself in the thrill and beauty of the coastal life. With a sigh, she threw off the tangled mess of her sheets and made her way to the kitchen to start her morning ritual.

The aroma of freshly brewed coffee filled the small space as she poured a generous cup for herself. She took a moment to savor the rich, dark liquid before turning her attention to the fridge. A carton of eggs and a loaf of bread beckoned to her, and she set to work, cracking the eggs into a sizzling pan and popping two slices of bread into the toaster. As she waited for her breakfast, she couldn't help but feel a flutter of excitement in her stomach. She had always loved the feeling of the sun on her skin and the salty breeze in her hair, and today was going to be no different. She took a few sips of her coffee and felt the warmth spread through her body, waking her up and preparing her for the day ahead.

Once the eggs were perfectly cooked and the toast a crispy golden brown, Brittany sat down at the small kitchen table to enjoy her breakfast. Each bite of the egg and toast was heavenly, the yolk running onto the bread to create a delicious mess that she mopped up with her fingers. With each sip of coffee, she felt more and more alive, the caffeine coursing through her veins like a lifeline to the day's adventures. After finishing her meal, she took one final gulp of the now lukewarm coffee and set the cup aside.

Brittany sauntered into her bedroom, her bare feet padding softly on the cool tiles. She opened her wardrobe and pulled out her trusty tight red bikini. It clung to her curves in a way that made her feel both powerful and alluring, the perfect uniform for her role as a lifeguard. She stepped into the bottoms, her heart racing slightly as the fabric hugged her hips and buttocks. The top cupped her breasts snugly, pushing them up and together to create a tantalizing display. She took a moment to admire herself in the mirror, a smile playing at her lips.

With a wiggle of her hips and a twirl, Brittany felt the material of the bikini hug her in all the right places. She grabbed her sunscreen, beach bag, and whistle before walking out the door. The early morning air was brisk, making her skin tingle as the coolness kissed her bare legs and shoulders. The short walk to the beach was invigorating, her wet hair fluttering behind her as she strolled down the quiet streets, the anticipation of the day ahead only adding to the thrill of her job.

Upon reaching the main lifeguard station, Brittany's heart sank slightly when she saw the schedule. Her name was written in bold letters next to the furthest outpost on the beach, nearly a mile and a half away from the central hub. It was the least desirable spot for lifeguarding, often frequented by those looking for a more private experience and considered a clothing optional section of the beach, which meant she'd have fewer interactions with her colleagues and possibly have to deal with the occasional creeper problem. But she was a professional and knew she had to do her part. She took a deep breath and approached the station, her barely-there bottoms riding up slightly as she walked.

The head lifeguard, a gruff but fair man named Mike, nodded at her as she entered. He could see the apprehension on her face and gave her a knowing smile. "Looks like you've got the Point today, Britt," he said, pointing to the map on the wall. He handed her a walkie-talkie and the usual paperwork.

Brittany took a deep breath, slung her bag over her shoulder, and started the trek down the beach. The sand was still cool from the night, and she enjoyed the sensation as it squished between her toes. She took her time, knowing she had to be prepared for the long day ahead. As she approached the halfway point, she noticed something unusual – the section of the beach she had been dreading was actually fairly busy today for some reason. Groups of sunbathers had already staked out their spots, and the sound of laughter and music filled the air.

As she arrived at the outpost, she couldn't help but feel a little self-conscious. It was a stark contrast from the main beach, where everyone was in various stages of undress, to her own state of being almost entirely covered up. The nude sunbathers didn't seem to care about her attire, though. They were too busy lounging in the sun, chatting with friends, and playing beach games. Brittany couldn't help but chuckle to herself at the sight. Here she was, the only one who had to be fully clothed, while everyone else was free to let it all hang out.

Two hours into her shift, Brittany felt a familiar pressure building in her lower abdomen. She had been so busy setting up and keeping an eye on the water that she had forgotten all about the large cup of coffee she had consumed before leaving her apartment. She shifted uncomfortably on the elevated chair, her legs squeezing together to try and hold back the inevitable. The sensation grew stronger, and she began to squirm, her bladder sending desperate signals to her brain. She had always had a bit of an overactive bladder, and the constant sips of water she took to stay hydrated weren't helping.

Finally, she couldn't take it anymore. She picked up the radio and called back to the main station, her voice a mix of professionalism and urgency. "Mike, this is Brittany at the Point. Can I get a guard swap? I need a bathroom break." There was a moment of static before Mike's voice crackled back through the speaker. "I'm sorry, Britt, but we're a little short-staffed today. It's going to be at least another hour before we can spare someone to relieve you."

Her eyes widened in surprise and a hint of panic. "But I really have to go," she replied, her voice strained.

"Do what you can to hold it," Mike responded, his voice filled with sympathy but firm. "We're doing our best, but everyone's tied up with a few minor incidents on the main stretch."

Brittany bit her lip, her bladder now a pressing, insistent weight. She scanned the horizon, hoping she wouldn't miss anything critical. The waves rolled in and out with a steady rhythm, lulling her into a sense of both calm and urgency. Her eyes darted to the groups of people scattered along the shore, watching for any signs of distress.

Just as she was about to radio back, a college-aged woman, completely naked, strutted up to her outpost. The woman's skin was a warm honey hue from days spent in the sun, and her body was a delightful mix of curves and confidence. She had an infectious smile, but her eyes held a hint of concern.

"Hi there," the woman began, her hips gyrating slightly as she approached Brittany. "I'm new to this whole... scene, and I'm a bit lost. Do you know where the nearest bathroom is?"

Brittany's gaze took in the woman's naked form, her eyes lingering for a moment on the gentle curve of her hips and the way the sun glistened on her skin. She felt a strange mix of envy and embarrassment as her own need to pee grew more insistent. "They're back at the main beach entrance," she managed to say, her voice tight with the effort of keeping her composure.

The woman's expression grew more anxious. "But I really have to go!" she exclaimed, her hands moving to cover her crotch. "Is there anywhere closer? I don't think I can make it that far."

Brittany felt a pang of sympathy mixed with her own growing need. "I'm sorry, but the nearest one is back there," she pointed back down the beach. The woman's eyes searched hers, desperation etched on her features.

The woman nodded, realizing she had no other choice. "Okay, thanks," she said, before turning and walking back to her beach towel. The sight of her retreating form made Brittany's bladder protest even more. She shifted in her chair again, trying to ignore the warm pressure that was now unmistakable.

The breeze picked up, sending a shiver down her spine, and with it the scent of the ocean grew stronger. The salt air seemed to amplify her discomfort as the fabric of her bikini bottoms pressed against her increasingly sensitive skin. She could feel her pussy lips swelling and the fabric of the bikini was now wedged firmly into her crack from all the squirming. The material had become almost a second skin, tracing the outline of her labia and clinging to her clit with every tiny movement.

As Brittany watched the naked woman retreat, she could feel the first trickle of urine escape her body, soaking into the crotch of her bikini. Panic set in as she realized she was going to wet herself in front of all these strangers. She glanced around, hoping nobody had noticed, but her eyes fell on a group of young men playing beach volleyball, their gazes lingering on her. The heady combination of embarrassment and arousal washed over her as she felt her bladder's insistent tug.

Her cheeks flushed a deep crimson as she clenched her muscles, trying to hold back the deluge. The fabric of her bikini bottoms grew darker as the warmth spread, outlining the shape of her sex in stark relief. The tightness of the material against her skin only served to heighten her sensitivity, making her squirm in the chair even more. She could feel her pussy lips quivering, begging for release from the confines of the damp fabric.

With a trembling hand, Brittany picked up the radio. "Mike, this is Brittany," she said, her voice tight with urgency. "I'm having an emergency. I need a swap immediately!"

The static on the other end was replaced by Mike's voice, which was now tinged with concern. "What's the emergency, Britt?"

"It's... it's my bladder," Brittany replied, her voice barely above a whisper. "I drank way too much coffee and I don't think I can hold it anymore."

The static on the other end of the line was deafening for a moment before Mike's voice came back, a hint of disbelief in his tone. "You need to pee? That's your emergency?"

Brittany's face grew even hotter, and she could feel her bladder continuing to betray her. "Yes," she hissed into the radio, trying to keep her voice low enough so the nearby beachgoers wouldn't hear. "I need someone to come out here now!"

Mike's voice crackled back over the radio, a hint of amusement in his tone. "Well, Britt, that's not really how we do things. You know the protocol."

Brittany's frustration mounted as another warm trickle escaped her. She knew he was right, but she couldn't help the desperation that had overtaken her. "Please, Mike," she begged, her voice strained. "I can't hold it much longer."

Mike's sigh echoed over the radio. "Alright, alright. I'll see what I can do."

Brittany waited, each second feeling like an eternity as she continued to struggle with her bladder. She could feel the pressure building, the urine threatening to burst forth. The situation was growing more and more unbearable by the moment. Finally, unable to wait any longer, she leaned back in the chair and let out a soft whine as she felt the dam break. A long, thick spurt of urine shot out from between her legs, soaking through her bikini bottoms and dribbling down her thighs. The warmth spread over her skin, bringing with it a sense of relief so intense she almost forgot about the embarrassment of the situation.

The contractions grew stronger, her bladder now completely in control. The urine gushed out, the force of it surprising her as it painted the sand beneath her chair. The fabric of her bikini was no match for the deluge, and she watched in horror as the dark stain grew larger and larger. Each contraction sent a new wave of urine shooting through her pussy lips, the sensation strange and overwhelming. Her face was a mask of mortification, but she couldn't stop the flow.

As Brittany's pee show continued, the group of young men playing beach volleyball had definitely noticed. They had stopped their game and were now openly staring, some with shocked expressions and others with smirks. The naked woman she had spoken to earlier had also turned around and was watching with a mix of empathy and fascination. Brittany's cheeks burned with embarrassment, but she couldn't bring herself to look away from the scene she was creating.

Her urine stream grew weaker, the last few drops splattering onto the sand before she was finally empty. She took a deep breath and let out a sigh of relief, her body feeling lighter despite the soggy mess between her legs. She glanced down at the soaked fabric of her bikini bottoms, knowing she couldn't possibly wear them like this. Without giving it another thought, she reached down and tugged at the strings, the material releasing with a wet squelch.

Brittany felt a strange sense of liberation as she pulled the drenched bikini bottoms away from her body, the cool air kissing her damp skin. She tossed them aside and slid herself to the edge of the chair, her legs dangling over the side. The sand was cool and gritty against her bare buttocks and thighs, a stark contrast to the warmth that had just been there. She closed her eyes and took a moment to bask in the sensation, the breeze drying the remnants of her pee from her skin.

When she opened her eyes, she found the group of young men playing beach volleyball had stopped their game entirely. They were now watching her with rapt attention, several of them sporting very noticeable hard-ons. The sight made Brittany's face burn with a mix of embarrassment and a thrill she hadn't anticipated. It was as if her body's involuntary release had turned her into some kind of unwilling exhibitionist, and the thought sent a shiver down her spine.

The naked woman she had spoken to earlier cautiously approached, a look of concern etched on her face. "Are you okay?" she asked, her voice gentle.

Brittany nodded, unable to find the words to explain what had just happened. She felt a strange mix of embarrassment and a peculiar sense of freedom as she sat there, her most intimate parts exposed to the world. The woman took a closer look, her eyes lingering on the wetness between Brittany's legs. "You had an accident," she stated, her voice devoid of judgment.

As if to console Brittany, the naked woman squatted down and urinated forcefully into the sand. The sight was oddly mesmerizing, the arc of her pee creating a small crater before dissipating into the grains. The scent of urine mingled with the salty air, and Brittany felt a strange kinship with the woman as they shared this most basic and primal act. The woman looked up at her, a knowing smile playing on her lips. "It happens to the best of us," she said, standing up and brushing off the sand.

