The assistants of Katherine Andrews: Laura`s first day

Author: Apan

*000*2016-12-17 15:45

Preface 

I've embarked on quite a project here, planning to release three stories in a row, and the reason for that is the inspiration I gained from reading another suite posted on this board, signed the user Anubis, with whom I've been conversing with over this. The story suite in question is The Assistant

(second part here &&), and if you haven't read it, I highly recommend that you do it first, mainly because it's a great read, but also to gain a little background to what I'm writing about here. 

In Anubis' original story there is mention in chapter 29 and 30 of some previous events involving two girls who successively worked for one of the main characters, Katherine, as assistants at her company. When I read about it I wanted to know more about the respective fate of these two girls, so I decided to "find out" about it. I've been extra careful to coordinate my stories with Anubis so as to stay within the framework set up in the originals and I think I've managed to chisel out the plotline accordingly. 

I'll start with telling about Laura, the second of the two assistants. Now, who is Laura, you may ask? Well, go and read about her in The Assistant first, and if the brief description in that story made you lust for more like it did me, then you're in for a treat. Oh, and big props to Anubis who helped scrutiny my drafts and giving some linguistic tips. 

Hope you enjoy it. Here's Laura's first day on her new job. 

*001*2016-12-17 15:47

Part 1 

It was a crisp April morning when Laura Henderson stepped through the entrance door into the big lobby of Andrews Corporation. It was her first day as Katherine Andrews' assistant and she was so excited to have been cherry-picked for the role. She was sharply dressed for the occasion in a posh grey business suit with a pair of tight enough pants to hint of her shapely bottom, but still decent enough to give her a professional framing. Underneath her matching blazer she wore a purple blouse with the collar tips neatly over the lapels.

She walked up to the reception and announced her arrival.

"Good morning, I'm Laura Henderson, this is my first day as Miss Andrews' assistant." she said.

"Good morning, Miss Henderson," the receptionist greeted her, before asking for her identification so that she could receive an ID card for the company.

"Here you are, Miss Henderson." the receptionist said as she handed Laura her driver’s license back together with her brand new ID.

"Katherine Andrews will see you in her office on the twelfth floor. The elevator is just down the hallway over there." she continued and pointed Laura to the far end of the lobby.

"Thank you, Miss. Have a nice day." Laura replied and walked towards the hallway and further on to the elevator. The doors opened and she stepped in, pressed the button and started ascending up to her new workplace. She was a well-educated young lady with a strong work ethic, not settling for anything less than being on top of her game and this was the opportunity of a lifetime. Being this tight with the head of a big successful corporation would certainly give her a useful advantage in her future career pursuits.

She arrived at the office floor and stepped out, walking towards the security desk where she encountered the guard standing with his hands behind his back. 

"Good morning, Mister. I'm Laura, the new assistant." she greeted him as she produced her shiny new card to pass through the door.

"Morning, ma'am," he replied, "Welcome aboard, hope you will enjoy it here!"

She went in and continued onward to the office area located right end of the corridor. Katherine stepped out from her office and greeted her.

"Good morning, Miss Andrews." she said as she entered the office.

"Good morning, Laura! Welcome to the company! Come with me and I'll show you where you will be working."

Katherine led Laura into her own office and further onward through the door leading into the smaller office located behind it. The desk was already set up so that Laura could get straight to work.

"Your first task of the day will be to put together presentations, complete with graphics and text, up until lunchtime. Normally your lunch is at 12:30 but today we are going to attend a business meeting in the next town, so I will drive us there already at 12. I've made reservation at a nearby restaurant so that we can make it to the meeting that starts at 1 PM. Do you have any questions?"

"No, it all seems clear for now." Laura replied, but then added: "Oh, I do have one question; will I have any breaks during the day?"

"Yes, there is one ten-minute break at 10:50 and another one at 3 PM in the afternoon. Be sure to take advantage of that, because apart from lunch, those are the only times you may leave for things like water, coffee or going to the restroom."

"Oh, alright, it's understood." Laura said. Water didn't seem to be a problem though since there were two big bottles standing on her desk behind the computer, together with some mugs.

Katherine went back into her office while Laura settled down behind her desk. She immediately set to work with the presentations. As her PowerPoint was loading, she poured herself a mug of water, which she finished almost immediately, prompting her to fill it up again. She was always a bit thirsty in the morning and had a habit of consuming quite a bit of liquid during the first hours of any workday. The application had loaded and she set about sketching up her first presentation.

By 9:30 Laura had already downed three mugs of water, having prepared a fourth. Things went well; she was already putting her last touches on her first presentation. All that water had started to wander through her body and she felt a slight urge to pee by then, but her mind was quickly taken away from it as she proceeded with her task. She unconsciously shifted on the chair due to the emerging signals of needing a toilet. Time flew by as she dutifully typed on and generated graphics.

The morning break was approaching but Laura was right in the midst of preparing the layout for yet another presentation. She had totally forgot about her break window as the clock struck 10:50 and Katherine wondered whether or not she should remind her obviously very dedicated new assistant of the fact. She reasoned against it though, not only because of her respect towards Laura's ambitiousness but also because she ought to be aware of her break privileges; it was simply part of her responsibility. Besides, Katherine couldn’t help getting aroused by the prospects it would set up if Laura didn’t visit the restroom.

Katherine went down to the lobby to get herself a mug of coffee from the machine. While she did, she thought about bringing one back up for her assistant as well so she prepared two mugs. If Laura hadn’t yet gone to the toilet, the coffee might just add some fuel to her upcoming desperation. Meanwhile as the break time floated by, Laura stayed at her computer and kept on working with the graphics. Making these presentations was right up her alley as she loved doing PowerPoints, but her enthusiasm was minute by minute costing her one of few opportunities of the day to relieve herself.

The clock went past 10:55 as Katherine entered the hallway with two big mugs of coffee, heading into her office. Laura reacted upon the sound of her boss's footsteps and suddenly noticed the time.

"Damn!" she thought to herself, "I totally forgot about my break!"

She saved the project on her computer and got up from her chair. As she did, she heard Katherine walk into the toilet outside their offices and was thusly reminded that it probably would have been a good idea to do the same as her bladder started sending signals of upcoming fullness. She had less than 5 minutes though and highly doubted that she could make it downstairs and back up in that time. But since Katherine had occupied the bathroom up there, she had little choice but to give it a go if she wanted to avoid further desperation.

She walked briskly through the hallway and towards the elevator. As she pressed the button and waited she crossed her arms in front of her, impatiently tapping her foot. It took almost a minute for it to arrive and as she got inside, she realised that there were only about three minutes left of her break. It would take a small miracle for her to make it to the lobby restrooms and back up before her time was up.

What it wouldn't take though was for the elevator to slow down to a stop after just three floors, which was exactly what happened.

"Oh God, I so don't have time for this!" Laura cursed to herself and tensed up her folded arms in front of her chest and panted irritatingly. The doors opened and middle-aged man and a posh looking woman entered. The man proceeded to press the button for the 5th floor and Laura glowered at him from behind. There was no way that she could make it to the restroom now without overriding her break time, and she was definitely not going to do that on the first day of her job.

The elevator descended to the 5th floor where both the man and the woman got out, leaving Laura alone again to ride the rest of the way to the bottom. As she reached it there was less than two minutes until she had to be back so she had no choice but to immediately ride all the way up again, having accomplished nothing. As the elevator arrived her break had just about ended and she sped through the hallway and through the security door, fearing that Katherine would scold her for rambling around and not keeping time.

"Hello there, Laura! Just about on time, are we?" Katherine greeted her as she approached her office at exactly 11:00. 

"Here, I brought you some coffee. I thought you deserved it since you obviously have been working hard this morning."

"Oh... thank you, Miss Andrews." Laura replied, thinking that coffee was probably not the best of ideas right now when she rather had visited a toilet. She didn't want to seem rude though, so she accepted it and went into her office to start again where she left off on her presentation.

As the time progressed and Laura kept on working while sipping on her coffee, she pondered upon the idea of whether she should be so courageous as to ask Katherine if she could quickly pop into the toilet. It was now 11:20 and her bladder was really starting to fill up and with all the extra coffee on top of that, the process was bound to speed up. She carried on with her chores, subtly fidgeting around to ease her growing desperation. 

Katherine cast a few glances towards her assistant from within her office. Spurred on by the turn of events during the morning break, she decided that this could be a great opportunity to explore Laura’s holding capacities. If she played her cards right and kept Laura from reaching a toilet throughout the afternoon, she might even witness her cute new assistant wet herself during the meeting. As the clock approached 12, Katherine heightened her attention, knowing she had to be careful to make sure that Laura wouldn’t make a beeline for the toilet before they set off for lunch. 

*003*2016-12-20 22:03

Part 2 

By 11:45 Laura definitely needed a bathroom and had to resort to slowly rubbing her knees up and down against each other, combined with her fidgeting around on her chair. She peeked at the clock, willing it to hurry to 12 so that she could sneak away into the toilet before they set off for lunch. She couldn't help slowly rocking back and forth on her chair while she tried to put her concentration into finishing off her current presentation on the screen.

"Laura!" Katherine called from outside the office as clock struck twelve, "I assume that you're done with your morning tasks by now? It's lunchtime and we must be on our way!"

Laura swallowed and stared at her boss standing in the doorway, "Oh, I'm coming... I just need to..."

"By the way," Katherine interrupted, "While this is an important meeting, I don't expect you to do much more than pay attention while we're there. You just have to sit there and take note of what's being discussed and get an understanding of our business partner!"

Katherine immediately turned around and started walking out the hallway, "Time to go, grab your jacket and follow me down to the garage!"

"B-but... okay." Laura blurted out, knowing fully well that her boss wasn't listening. She hastily put on her business jacket and hurried after Katherine who was already on her way out of the security door.

"Oh damnit!" Laura thought to herself, "I had all but counted on being able to pee before we left!"

She speed-walked through the hallway to the elevator where Katherine already was waiting for it. Laura's bladder was already swimming with urine and she had to contract her sphincter muscles while walking, making her posture a bit stiff. She could still manage without holding herself, but she had to cross her legs slightly as she walked, causing her pants to strain against her bum.

They entered the elevator and started descending down to the garage. Laura stood rock still with her hands behind her back pressing her knees together, trying not to give away her growing need. She had to consciously strengthen her abdominal muscles in order to compensate for the lack of external holding aid movements.

"I must say, you have already proven yourself a disciplined and effective worker." Katherine said, "You really have set yourself a high level of expectations."

"Oh, thank you, Miss Andrews!" Laura replied, "I only want to be at my very best and then increase my abilities from there."

Little did she know how she was about to explore the limits of her abilities in quite a literal way.

They reached the ground floor and Katherine led the way out to the garage and the waiting company car. Normally they would have driven her own Porsche, but since it was due for service at the moment, Katherine had borrowed a company car, a big luxurious Chevy SUV. They entered it and Katherine stepped on the gas and drove them onto the main street.

Laura sat in the passenger seat with her legs tightly held together and her hands folded in her lap. She looked out of the window, mildly squirming around as her bladder constantly called for attention. She had to pop into the bathroom when they arrived at the restaurant since it was getting difficult to hold it in without showing any signs of distress. The restaurant was just around the block from where their business partner resided. It was a big company, housed in a tall office building at the edge of the inner city of the next town, about 30 kilometers away.

As they sped down the freeway, Katherine noticed that the lane in the opposite direction was partly shut off because of a roadwork and there was a bit of a line of cars, slowly advancing forward. Laura didn't pick up on that bit of information though; she was focusing all her attention on not fidgeting around in her seat, pressing her folded hands down onto her lap as her bladder filled up more and more by the minute. After about 15 minutes, she had to start to gently grind her knees up and down while pressing them tightly together and biting her lip, looking a bit worried.

After 10 additional minutes they approached the car park near their destination. It was now 12:30 and they had just about half an hour to get lunch before they had to be at the business partner since the meeting was to start at 1 PM, lasting about 4 hours with one break halfway through. Laura knew she had to get to a toilet before the meeting. She shivered at the thought of sitting there with a full bladder trying to act professional. Or even worse; maybe - oh horror - wet herself in front of everyone! She shoved the thought of the appalling scenario away, reasoning that those things just don't happen. However desperate she would get, she could always find a way out or even holding it just a little bit longer. Grown girls don't wet themselves, that's just stupid!

That didn't retract from the fact that she needed to find a toilet now if she was to retain her dignity. As they entered the restaurant, she immediately glanced toward the compartment beside the entrance in which the toilet was located but there was a line of three people waiting outside. Katherine ordered lunch for them both; they were short on time so they had decided on salad beforehand since they wouldn't have to wait too long for it. 

They settled down at a table and only about five minutes later, the waitress arrived with their salads, together with some bread and mineral water. Laura started to feel stressed out as she shoved in her lunch, careful not to drink too much water since her bladder already pressed against her waistband. She twisted around slightly on the seat, still trying to retain her composure but she was gripping the side of the chair with her free hand as she ate her salad with the other.

"Miss Andrews, is it okay if I quickly pop into the restroom before we leave?" she asked meekly after she had finished eating and topped it off with a couple of gulps of water.

"Alright, you may go, but you better be quick. We need to get going now if we're gonna be on time!" Katherine replied, knowing full well that she didn’t have a good excuse to deny her assistant just then, but still hoping that the restroom would be occupied.

"Thanks! I'll be right back!" Laura said and hastily left the table and walked towards the toilet compartment.

---

There was still someone in the restroom since the door was locked. Laura groaned and pinched her thighs together as she clenched her hands into fists at her sides. Not two minutes afterwards, Katherine approached the exit and called on her unfortunate assistant:

"Laura! We need to get going now! Come on!"

Laura silently whinged as she wrinkled her forehead and bit her lip. After a moment of hesitation she followed Katherine out the door. She couldn't help crossing her legs and take small steps as they walked towards the office building down the street. She must locate a restroom when they got there since her desperation had grown to an almost dangerous level. She felt the urine pressing down on her urethra and her anxious facial expression was certainly giving away than not everything was alright with this young woman.

They arrived at the office block and Katherine went straight to the reception while Laura peeked around the building for something hinting of a toilet. 

"Andrews Corporation, we are meeting Mr. Holloway at 1 PM." Katherine announced to the receptionist. 

Laura stood a few feet behind, folding her arms in front of her and discreetly crossed her legs and pinched her thighs tightly together.

"Right down the hallway here and you will reach the elevator. Mr. Holloway will be waiting at floor number 4 outside the office area." the receptionist informed Katherine.

Katherine walked briskly to the elevator with poor Laura trying to keep up using her mini-steps. Luckily, the elevator was already there so they could get right in and ascend to their destination. Laura's heart began to beat heavily; she had to find a toilet before the meeting commenced. She bent her left knee slightly over her right as discreetly as she could while keeping her arms folded, tensing up her whole body in a mastodontic effort to keep the urine inside of her without showing it.

They reached the fourth floor and were greeted by Mr. Holloway, the chief executive of the company, who would be hosting the meeting. 

"Miss Andrews, how nice to see you again! Looking lovely as always!" 

"Why, thank you, Mr. Holloway! Nice to see you too, I have a good feeling about what we're about to accomplish this afternoon!" Katherine replied with a friendly handshake before Holloway turned his eyes towards Laura:

"And I assume this is your trusty disciple?"

"Yes, Laura Henderson, nice to meet you." she replied and shook his hand while doing everything she could not to reveal her desperation.

Mr. Holloway led them through a security door, and Laura instantly realised that she wouldn't be able to leave the office area until the meeting was over and they were heading home, because then she wouldn't be able to get back in. Consequently, she must locate a toilet in the office hallway if she was to save her dignity before the meeting.

*006*2016-12-28 16:32

Thanks for the feedback! Time to update with another segment, I think. (I prefer portioning out long stories bit by bit, not only for added suspense but also for making it a bit easier on the reader) 


*007*2016-12-28 16:34

Part 3 

As they marched through the hallway to the conference room at the far end, Laura nervously looked all around for any sign of a toilet, but she couldn't see one! She was so desperate by now that she had to grip her thighs while scissoring her legs as she followed them along the hallway. They entered the conference room, consisting of two long tables conjoined at one end, forming a U-shape with chairs alongside it. Katherine and Laura placed themselves approximately at the middle of one side of the table row. The waistband of Laura's tight pants pressurized her bladder even more, urging her to pinch her legs tightly together while supporting herself with her hands against her thighs as she sat down. 

The meeting went underway and Mr. Holloway held an opening statement, lasting for about half an hour. Laura sat with her hands folded in her lap, anxiously squirming around and trying to pay attention. But her bladder was so full by now that most of her attention was directed on her lower regions, clenching her sphincter muscles hard while keeping her legs tightly together. Her mind and heart was racing as she was slowly starting to realise that there was a real possibility that she would wet herself in her expensive pants suit in front of a lot of important business people! 

Throughout her desperation she had always assured herself that no matter what the situation there would always be a toilet available somewhere, and even if not, she would always be able to hold it for just a little bit longer until there would be a toilet within her reach. But now she was trapped in a meeting in a completely unknown place with completely unknown people, having absolutely no clue where, or even if, there was a toilet within the area. She couldn't ask for it either. Well, she could, but she couldn't, because she was too shy. It was too embarrassing, these were dignified business professionals and she was a newbie. There was even a possibility that there wasn't a toilet in the area in which case it would be even more embarrassing, and most of all, Katherine would scold her for disgracing herself and the company and quite possibly even fire her for her unprofessional and undignified behaviour. For the first time, the possibility of her losing the battle in this meeting and having a very wet accident for all to see started to creep up on her. 

All these thoughts bounced around inside Laura's head while she struggled hard to keep her growing desperation under the radar, something she was by now failing to do. Straight across the table from where she sat, Paul, one of the younger employees of the company, couldn't help peeking at her occasionally, clearly noticing her cute squirming while worriedly looking around as Mr. Holloway droned on. He knew the signs of a desperate girl when he saw them and became more and more aroused at the sight of Laura's predicament, ultimately hoping for the meeting to last long enough for her to reach her limit and wet herself at the table. 

Or maybe she would swallow her pride at the last moment and throw her hand up in the air, desperately waving for attention and gasping out a request to go to the bathroom as pee began spreading under her and start dripping on the floor, then tearfully hurrying out from the room with urine rapidly soaking through her pants, leaving a trail as she went. He became hard just thinking about it; it was an ultimate fantasy and he silently prayed for it to come true as he watched sweet, innocent Laura in her grey business suit and cute blouse squirming around with her hands in her lap right across from him. Of course, such things rarely occurred and he didn't dare build up his hopes, but a man can dream, can't he? 

The meeting progressed and it was now 2 PM. Katherine took the stage and held an address about her own company and how they were visioning their future relationship with Mr. Holloway and his business crew. Laura started to sneak her hand down between her legs during her fidgeting, slightly lifting her opposite thigh over the other and clench really hard. There was so much urine in her bladder that it started to hurt and her heart beat faster as she realized it was almost one hour left until the break. It could as well have been one year in her mind, she couldn't remember the last time she had been this desperate! Her eyes wandered around aimlessly and she caught the eye of Paul, obviously checking her out in all her distress. She blushed and looked away while forcing her hand away from between her legs and tried to sit still, if only for a moment. Paul, on the other hand, quickly turned his head forward in Katherine's direction, hoping he hadn't given the impression of a perverted Peeping Tom or something. 

After Paul had looked away, Laura dared slide her hand back towards her crotch, still not grabbing herself though, but merely adding some pressure to the area eased her desperation a little, at least for now. She glanced at the clock on the wall every five minutes as the time marched on. Her bladder throbbed and she was subtly rocking back and forth while pressing her legs together under the table. She tried to pay attention to what Katherine said during her address, since it was crucial for Laura to get an insight in the relation between the companies, but she lost the thread multiple times as her abdominal pain surged through her in recurring fits. 

At 2:30, Laura had to alternate her subtle rocking with leaning onto her one buttock and fold her thigh slightly over the other in an awkward position to apply extra pressure on her urethra. She supported herself with her hand on the seat, partially lifting herself up and gently bobbing up and down. She carefully looked around to probe the attention and as she turned to her right, she noticed that the woman beside her looked suspiciously at her moves. She had to suppress her holding strategies or she would upset the meeting, or even worse, clear any doubt about her being desperate for a pee. She sat up straight again, pinching her legs together and put her hands onto her lap again, resorting to the subtle rocking. 

Breaktime finally approached and Laura was almost beside herself. She bit her lip while staring at the clock, counting down the minutes until she could finally seek relief from her torture. Katherine wound up her part of the meeting and Mr. Holloway stood up to announce that it was time to take a ten-minute break. Laura was so grateful that she could have cried. She slowly got up from her chair, keeping her hands on the front of her legs and advanced out of the room with small steps, always keeping her thighs tightly pressed together as she walked. Well outside the conference room, she looked around in the hallway, trying to figure out where the toilet could be. 

Katherine exited the conference room, noticing her pretty assistant moving away in the opposite direction towards where they came in from. Katherine knew there was a toilet inside the office area and she was heading towards it herself and hurried along the hallway in the other direction around the corner before Laura noticed. The hallway went in a big U formation with the conference room situated at the bottom of the U. They had come in through one prong and the toilet was located alongside the other prong. 

Laura started walking back towards where they had entered, crossing her legs and advancing in small, hurried steps. She went along the hallway, growing more and more frustrated that she didn't see anything and she knew she had to resort to asking an employee, however embarrassing it would be. She approached a woman coming out of an office room; 

"Er, excuse me, do you know where I can find a restroom in here?" she shyly asked. 

"Oh yes, there is one at the other side of this hallway. Just go back where you came from, follow the hallway to the other side and you will see the toilet further down the corridor." 

Laura thanked her and set off in the other direction. As she rounded the last corner and approached the toilet door, she realised with horror that there were three women outside waiting to get in. This was just too much! She only had about eight minutes before she had to be back at the meeting. But what choice did she have? She joined the line and immediately crossed her legs and started bobbing slightly up and down while folding her arms. The waistband of her tight trousers constantly added pressure to her already overfilled bladder. She had to make it inside or she would be in danger of wetting herself. 

After a couple of minutes, the door lock clicked and Katherine stepped out from the bathroom, giving place to the next visitor. 

"Laura!" she uttered, "Good thing you're here. Could you come with me for a moment?" 

Laura gritted her teeth; "Oh god, not now! I don't have time for this! I'm about to piss myself!" 

She reluctantly obeyed though, leaving the queue and followed her boss back to the meeting room, for the moment cleared on people. Katherine was quite impressed with Laura’s holding abilities. She had to come up with something to keep Laura from going to the toilet until the break was over though. 

"Now, before it resumes, I want you to get ready to take notes for the rest of the meeting." Katherine ordered. Laura stood impatiently, moving her knees back and forth with her arms tensed up at her sides. 

"Here is a protocol from the last meeting we had with this company." Katherine continued, "I need you to draw up a rough scheme so that you have something to follow now during the second part. It's important to get the essentials from this meeting down so that we can compare any changes to the previous one. You will tidy it up tomorrow morning on your computer." 

Katherine handed over a bunch of papers to Laura who watched her boss turn on her heels and head out in the hallway again. She was almost screaming out of frustration of not being able to get into the toilet, but she had to do what she was hired for or she would shatter the confidence she had slowly built up with Katherine. If she scribbled down the main pillars of the protocol fast enough, she might just have time to run to the toilet before the meeting began. 

She sat down and started speed-writing down the roughest of notes with an appalling handwriting, hardly readable, but she was confident that she could decipher it later on. Her legs were shaking under the table, her heart beating from stress of not having time to relieve herself and her bladder was aching under her pants, getting tighter and tighter as the afternoon progressed. With only two minutes left she had gotten about halfway through and she whined to herself; 

"Oooohhhhh, whyyyyy?! Why me, why now?! Gotta go gotta go gotta gooooo!!" she whimpered under her breath as she continued to fill her papers with hardly discernible hieroglyphs. 

*009*2017-01-03 13:06

Part 4 

Finally she reached the end of the protocol. She threw down her pen and stood up as quickly as she could, still pinching her legs together. But just as she was about to walk out of the room, Mr. Holloway and his crew stepped in through the door.

"Hello again, Miss Henderson!" he greeted her and walked up to the whiteboard and started to sort out papers for the next round. The room was repopulated with the staff members who sat down at their respective places.

Laura silently groaned and curtseyed down in desperation and frustration, not believing her hard luck. She was so desperate, her bladder constantly pushing the urine against her urethra. She clenched her fists under the table and pressed her legs together so hard she was almost shaking. It was almost two hours left, could she possibly make it? She had no choice but to try, but it would be an unprecedented task; never in her life had she been this desperate!

The meeting continued and Laura did what she could to keep up taking notes, but she couldn't bring herself to scribble down more than the absolute basics of what was being said. All her concentration was on not flooding the meeting room, something that seemed more and more like a real possibility. She breathed shallowly and nervously, constantly throwing an eye on the clock. She could hardly believe the amount of pee she was containing, not having been to the toilet since this morning, almost 8 hours ago by now. She couldn't remember the last time she had gone this long without a bathroom visit, if ever. 

At 3:30 PM she simply couldn't sit still, constantly squirming around on the chair, lifting her thighs up and down in cycles while grinding them tightly together. Her right hand scribbled down the basics of the meeting while her left hand was gripping her leg, occasionally sliding down in between them. Her abdomen pulsated, trying to push the ocean of urine out of her, causing her to rhythmically squeeze her thighs even tighter in an attempt to clamp off the impending catastrophe.

"Laura!" Katherine suddenly whispered into Laura's ear with a stern hiss, "Would you please sit still! You're making a scene!"

Laura froze in mid-motion, almost peeing herself out of sheer fright. She instinctively shoved her free hand into her crotch and folded her left knee over her right in order to hold back the threatening flood. She quickly took away the hand and instead crossed her legs in order to try and retain the pressure on her pee hole. This came at a cost though; her pants felt so tight around her underbelly and the waistband cut into her bladder, but it was the only thing she could do to at least try and keep her composure without looking too conspicuous.

Paul was still throwing glances across the table at the pretty, squirming girl, wondering just how desperate she was by now, two hours after he had first taken notice of her subtle moves. He was a bit confused over why she hadn't been to the toilet during the break; why would she put herself through the torture of sitting through a long meeting with a full bladder? It didn't make sense, but all the same he was growing more and more aroused by the thought of his fantasies coming true. If she pissed herself in those tight pants, there was no way she could possibly get away with it. That fabric would show up any leak, not to mention a full-on accident. He became hard just thinking about it. Please, keep her inside the meeting until she can't hold it any longer and wets herself, please! She's so cute and so sexy in that business attire!

Laura kept her legs tightly crossed and started to gently sway them from side to side, careful not to draw the attention of her boss, obviously annoyed by her nervous fidgeting. But it was getting so painful, the ever-increasing amount of urine pressed on in every direction inside of her. She carefully uncrossed her legs but had to keep her left thigh slightly bent over her right, flexing her muscles to keep the pressure applied. It was now almost 4 PM and she knew she was approaching the end of her tether.

Poor, sweet, shy Laura, bursting to the point of wetting herself after holding it for so long on her very first day at work, and not being able to excuse herself and simultaneously trying not to let it show. It was an absolute nightmare! Her meeting notes were reduced to barely readable scribbles on the paper as the clock went past 4 PM. She put down her pen and placed her hands behind her on the seat as she crossed her legs again, squeezing her thighs while tying her legs together in a firm knot. One hour, only one more hour! She had made it this far, she just had to make it a little bit longer. She couldn't wet herself, not here, not in front of all these high-brow professionals. Girls don't piss themselves, grown girls definitely don't piss themselves, it just doesn't happen, they can always hold on a little bit longer. She repeated it like a mantra inside her head to convince herself that she would be alright. She would be, simply because she had to be.

At about 4:15 Laura began to cramp, causing her to slightly lift herself off the chair while trying to put some extra weight on her already intertwined thighs to keep the massive pool of urine inside of her. She wanted nothing more than to raise her hand and ask to be let off to the toilet, but she couldn't bring herself to do it, especially since Katherine had scolded her for not keeping still. Waves of desperation surged through her whole body and she couldn't help rocking back and forth on her chair again with her legs tied up in a knot. She resumed her attempts to take notes as Mr. Holloway went on and on about business relations.

The clock went past 4:30 and Laura couldn't believe it was even possible to be this desperate. She knew that she was now living on borrowed time and that she could begin peeing uncontrollably any minute. Her heart pounded inside her chest and she breathed more and more shallowly to keep all the right muscles tensed up. Her bladder throbbed and ached, violently protesting against her measures to keep it shut. Paul's heart was pounding as well, but for a completely different reason. He kept half an eye on the poor girl, now looking like she was about to cry, and wondered just for how long she would be able to endure. He both expected and hoped for a massive flood to suddenly emerge from under her, saturating her tight pants, flowing over the chair and stream down all over the floor in a giant puddle. He was so excited at the prospect that he could hardly concentrate on his boss's ramblings.

Laura slowly uncrossed her legs again, leaning slightly forward and trying to reach into her groin without Katherine noticing. She grinded her thighs up and down while mildly twisting around on the chair. It hurt so badly now but she only had to endure about 20 more minutes. Mr. Holloway was beginning to sum up the accomplishments of the afternoon and Laura had her eyes glued on him, almost as if urging him to wrap up the meeting. The minutes lumbered by and suddenly she experienced a major surge in her abdomen, causing her to quickly cross her legs tightly again, gripping her knee with one hand and supporting herself against the seat with the other. She was so close to start pissing herself right then, but she held her breath and managed to avoid it.

Finally, as the clock showed about 4:55 and the finish line was within sight, Mr. Holloway started to round up everything. Laura sat with her legs doubled-crossed, slowly rocking back and forth with her hands on the seat, staring longingly at him. She felt another fatal surge approaching and she clenched her thighs hard while suppressing the tidal wave threatening to erupt out of her body. Eventually the clock struck 5 and Mr. Holloway made his final statement, thanking everybody for being there and started gathering his paperwork. Katherine stood up while Laura swept her paperwork together in a rather untidy fashion, all the while bouncing her legs up and down, knowing relief was just around the corner now.

"H-here, Miss Andrews." she meekly announced to her boss while trying to act unaffected, "It's not the prettiest of handywork, b-but I'l know what I wrote when I read it, it'll all come together when I write it down on my computer tomorrow."

"Very well." Katherine replied sternly, not looking too impressed, "I trust that you know what you're doing. This is important, you know! Now, let's get back to the car and drive back home!"

Katherine closed her briefcase and walked out of the room, expecting Laura to follow suit to make sure that she wouldn’t be able to sneak in to a restroom on the way out. Laura quickly put her blazer on and hurried after as fast as she could, but she was in so much pain that she had to bend over and walk with her legs crossed.

"Miss Andrews!" she anxiously called after her boss as she waddled down the hallway towards the exit, scared to death that she wouldn't be able to use the toilet first, but Katherine was already on her way out the security door and further onward to the elevator. Laura was almost crying, hobbling along with scissoring legs and over ten hours worth of urine pent up inside of her. Every step hurt so bad and her pants were so tight against her poor tummy.

Paul watched Laura advancing down the hallway, eyeing her sexy bottom wriggling with the soft fabric stretching over it as she twisted her legs together while walking out. He was amazed she hadn't wet herself by now, and in all honesty, quite disappointed as well. His fantasies were still alive and kicking though and as he saw her disappear out the door, he conjured up images of her starting to piss herself while desperately running to the nearest bathroom on the ground floor. At least he had had the luck of experiencing an amazing display of female toilet distress.

Laura followed Katherine into the elevator, forcing away her hands from between her legs but still having to grab her sides tightly. As the elevator began to descend, she couldn't help but curtseying down while grinding her knees together.

"I have to say, I am a bit disappointed at your immature behaviour this afternoon, Laura!" Katherine said in an admonishing tone, referring to her not being able to keep still during the meeting and her sloppy note-taking.

"Since it's your very first day, I assume that you're a bit nervous as this is a new experience and all, but I do hope that you will display a more appropriate behaviour at work from now on! You are after all representing a big company and are expected to behave accordingly!"

"Yes, Miss Andrews." Laura replied sheepishly while suppressing another surge, "I'm sorry, I'm just... I'm a bit tired, that's all. I promise I'll do better!"

The elevator reached the ground floor and they stepped out. While walking towards the exit, Laura frantically looked around the lobby for a bathroom sign, but she hadn't seen one when they arrived and she didn't see one now. She was screaming inside her head to blurt out that she needed to find one before they set off, but she was so afraid of upsetting Katherine again that she couldn't bring herself to do it, despite being seconds from flooding her trousers. She was so desperate, so absolutely bursting and in so much pain that she couldn't walk straight, walking hunched over with her hands gripping her thighs while tip-toeing as fast as she could after Katherine out the exit door and towards the car park.

Katherine was more than surprised by Laura’s holding abilities and had actually expected her poor assistant to finally lose control during the last part of the meeting. She imagined the vast amount of urine that Laura must be storing inside of her by now and became really horny thinking about the massive accident it would result in. But if Laura had made it this far, she could probably last until they got back to the office. Katherine’s mind was working overtime with how she could keep on keeping her assistant from the restroom when they got back.

*012*2017-01-30 17:00

Sorry for not updating this thread but I haven't visited the site lately. However, I think it's about time to round it all up now. 

*013*2017-01-30 17:08

Part 5 

As they approached the car, Laura did some haphazard maths in her head; it would take another half hour to get back to the office, provided they could avoid the evening traffic. She had no idea if she could hold it that much longer since she had never ever been this desperate in her whole life, but she knew she had to. Just a half hour car ride, then take the elevator up to the lobby and run to the toilet. Big girls don't piss themselves, and she was a big girl, thus she won't piss herself!

They reached the car and Laura carefully folded herself into the passenger seat, afraid to part her legs even for one second, but she clenched her muscles and slid herself onto the bright leather seat. As Katherine started the engine and eased out of the carpark, Laura sat with her legs slowly bobbing up and down with her hands folded and pressing down into her lap. The pain was almost unbelievable and she was swimming with urine. Her poor kidneys were still trying to press more and more into her bladder but it wouldn't be long until it had nowhere else to go than out in her pants. She bit her lip and tried not to start crying, but she wasn't far off from doing so.

They reached a junction just as the traffic lights turned red, forcing Katherine to slow down to a halt.

"Oh please, no, not this! Oh God, I don't have time for this! Please change, please change!" Laura panically thought to herself, desperately staring out the car window at the red light. She crossed her legs tightly as she felt a major surge going through her lower regions.

The lights changed and they were on their way again, heading out on the outer city route, further leading out onto the freeway. The traffic was quite heavy since everyone was on their way home from work, but it still flowed smoothly. Laura silently thanked whoever is up there for their uninterrupted progress. After about five minutes they reached the freeway and Katherine picked up a steady speed. Soon they would be back. Twenty minutes, twenty-five tops. Laura sat with her legs in a tight knot, rocking back and forth with her hands underneath her. Her bladder throbbed harder and harder.

About five minutes into their freeway route, the car in front of them slowed down so Katherine had little choice but to do the same. Laura instantly reacted and breathed in heavily and a frightened look washed over her face. She uncrossed her legs and started twisting around, bending her thighs over each other. Then the car in front of them slowed down to a halt.

Laura panicked; "Oh no!!! What is happening?! Why are we stopping?! I have to get back! I have to pee! I'm pissing myself, oh God I'm pissing myself!!!! Move, please move!!!!" she thought to herself, feeling tears emerging in her eyes. She put one hand on her thigh and folded her knee halfway over the other while twisting her body around on the seat. She could feel the urine pressing onto her sphincter.

Katherine remembered the roadwork she had noticed in the opposite lane on their way to the meeting, and now they were in that very lane. She knew this would add at least ten minutes to their journey, possibly even more due to the now much heavier traffic. Laura couldn't help herself now. She was constantly twisting and turning on the seat while grinding her thighs back and forth over each other, sucking in air between her teeth. The pain was overwhelming and her poor muscles couldn't handle much more. She began to silently sob out of pure desperation and frustration of not being able to go anywhere and knowing her holding abilities were steadily running out.

The car line was huge and they crept forward at a tantalizingly slow speed. Five minutes went by and they hadn't gotten more than about a few hundred meters. Katherine spotted the area of the roadwork way ahead, figuring it would take at least five more minutes to get past it. Laura, now being at her absolute limit, crossed her legs again in a double-knot and started swaying from side to side. Her hands were balled up in fists pressing down onto the seat. This was nothing short of a nightmare! Her bladder violently throbbed and her lower regions pulsated, helplessly fighting against the oncoming flood.

The cars slowly eased forward. Laura flexed her thigh muscles while rocking back and forth on the seat. She was in total distress and tears began rolling down her face.

"Oh God, please move, please hurry, pleeeeeease!!!" she silently begged the cars in front of them. She was panting heavily, still sitting with her legs double-crossed, clenching her fists hard while violently twisting about on the seat. They slowly got closer and closer to the roadwork area. She flexed every muscle she had down there as she felt a giant spasm surge through her whole body.

PSSSSSS

A two-second spurt suddenly entered her tight pants and spread both underneath her bum and upward between her tightly crossed legs, making an obvious patch oozing out on the fabric.

"Oh no, oh god, please don't, please not now, not yet...!!!!" she thought to herself as the gasped.

She was starting to cry out of pure anxiety of how things was about to turn out. She was breathing hard and tears ran down her cheeks as a thousand thoughts swirled around in her head; If she by some divine miracle could hold it in until they arrived at the garage, she could jump out, yank down her trousers and let go on the concrete right beside the car. It wasn't the most dignified of arrivals, but it was the best she could hope for now. Her pants would still be wet between her legs but she could conceal it if...

PSSSSSSSCCHHHHHHHT

"Ohnonononono please oh God, nononooooo!!!"

Another spurt gushed out into her pants, lasting almost five seconds this time before she managed to cut it off. She began to all-out cry as she pinched her legs even harder together in a knot. It spread out towards the sides of her pants and she felt it starting to pool up underneath her bum.

There was so much urine inside of her and her pants were already wet beyond any reasonable alternative explanation, she cried out of sheer hopelessness of the situation. She had nowhere to go, her holding abilities were totally spent and she had no idea how to face her boss who undoubtedly was aware of what was happening. She was panting and sobbing, uncrossing her legs and bent one thigh over the other while pressing her right hand into her crotch as hard as humanly possible while trying to cover her emerging accident with her left.

"So much pee, oh God, so full, gotta hold it, please, oh God, just a few more minutes, oh please, oh no, cramp, hold it, hold it, pinch, no, nonono, it's coming, oh no, so much, oh God, cramp, I don't wanna, oh please, I don't wanna, no, no no no, NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!"

PSSSSCCHH

An irreversible contraction surged through her whole body, forcing her day's worth of pee out into her pants with a loud hiss. It was like holding the end of a faucet. It spread all underneath her, rapidly pooling up in the seat and eventually running down the sides and at the front, adding to a growing lake on the floor. Her pants were instantly soaked. Due to her clenched legs and grasping hands, the pee was also forced upwards, pooling up between her legs and even up the front of her pants, eventually running down from her waistband over her hands and onto her lap and down her thighs onto the seat. It was an unbelievable mess and it just kept on gushing, all the while with a devastated Laura crying her eyes out.

Laura pissed on and on for almost two minutes, not leaving one dry spot on her pants which now had turned a glistening dark grey, and produced a lake on the seat and an ocean on the floor. Even her blouse became wet from the giant torrent. The car was filled with the unmistakeable smell of pee-soaked clothing. She was inconsolable, burying her face in her hands and just crying and crying, not knowing what to do or where to go. 

"I do hope you're happy with your day's work, young lady!" Katherine scolded angrily as Laura looked up from her hands all teary-eyed and miserable. "Is this what I'm supposed to expect from you while on duty?!"

Laura began crying even harder, "I'm sorry, I couldn't wait, I was so desperate! Please, Miss Andrews, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry!" she whined as tears streamed down her face. She was so helpless, burying her face in her hands again.

"Well, if you really had to go that bad, you should have told me" Katherine retorted irritatingly, not really wanting Laura to lose it while still in the car. At least it wasn’t her own car but she would still have to have it reconditioned on the expense of the company. She couldn't help but feeling sorry for poor Laura though, reduced to bathing in her own urine and weeping haplessly into her hands. She also couldn't help but feeling extremely turned on, remembering the previous wetting incidents with her former assistant.

"I'm so sorry, Miss Andrews!" Laura sobbed as they had passed the roadworks and Katherine could step on the gas again. "I tried going to the bathroom all day but I didn't get the chance. Please, don't fire me, this has never happened before and it won't happen again! I will clean out the car when we get back!"

Katherine's initial annoyance had settled and she reassured her despaired assistant: "Calm down, Laura. I'm not gonna fire you, it's not the end of the world. I will arrange for the car to be cleaned, you don't have to care about it."

"Thank you, Miss Andrews." Laura sniffled as she dried her tears. They continued the journey back to the office garage in silence. Laura gradually calmed down somewhat but still couldn't believe what she had done. Her pants were completely soaked, almost as if they had been submerged in water, and they felt soggy against her legs. She was so embarrassed and was still rather upset when they entered the garage to park the car.

"I promise this won't happen again!" she tried to assure her boss when the car ground to a halt in the parking space.

"Of course it won't." Katherine commented as she suppressed a wily grin.

*018*2022-10-30 10:21

Right, in my desire to leave no stone unturned and no loose ends untied, I will provide an alternate ending for this one as well, as with the other two. As usual, we'll pick up the action by the last chapter. Hope you'll enjoy the ride, because Laura most certainly won't.

Spoiler

As they approached the car, Laura did some haphazard maths in her head; it would take another half hour to get back to the office, provided they could avoid the evening traffic. She had no idea if she could hold it that long, but she knew she had to. Just a half hour car ride, then take the elevator up to the lobby and run to the toilet. Big girls don't piss themselves, and she was a big girl, thus she won't piss herself!

Laura carefully folded herself into the passenger seat, afraid to part her legs even for one second, clenching her muscles and slid herself onto the bright leather seat. As Katherine eased out of the carpark, Laura sat with her legs bobbing up and down with her hands folded and pressing down into her lap. The pain was unbelievable and she was absolutely brimming with urine. Her kidneys continued pressing more and more into her bladder but it wouldn't be long until it had nowhere else to go than out in her pants.

They reached a junction just as the traffic lights turned red, forcing Katherine to slow down to a halt.

"Oh please, no, not this! Oh God, I don't have time for this! Please change, please change!" Laura panically thought to herself, desperately staring out the car window at the red light. She crossed her legs tightly as she felt a major surge going through her lower regions.

The lights changed and they were on their way again, heading out on the outer city route, further leading out onto the freeway. Laura sat with her legs in a tight knot, rocking back and forth with her hands underneath her. Her bladder throbbed harder and harder and she could feel the urine pressing onto her sphincter. It hurt so much. Tears emerged in her eyes. She became more and more certain that she would finally have an accident before they were back.

Then, as they were still approaching the freeway on the outer route, Laura spotted a sign announcing a petrol station in a couple of kilometers. Her mind went into overdrive. This was her last chance! She was still very much afraid to upset her boss who had just told her off though. But she was minutes from totally flooding the car. Oh god, I have to say something, I can’t wait any longer!!

But she was so very shy, so anxious that Katherine would have a go at her yet again. She was constantly twisting and turning on the seat while grinding her thighs back and forth over each other. The pain was overwhelming and her poor muscles couldn't handle much more. Just ask her, she will understand! They approached another sign; now there was only one kilometer left. She began to silently sob out of pure desperation and frustration over her stupid shyness. You have to ask her to pull in there! You will piss yourself otherwise!! You can’t hold it till you’re back!!!

Katherine speeded past the sign and turned the car over into the overtaking lane in order to get past a couple of cars moving just a tad bit too slow for her tastes. Laura sat there, saying nothing, biting her lip, panting in utter frustration. Soon they would pass that petrol station at speed. She screamed at herself inside her head. YOU’RE GONNA PISS YOURSELF IN YOUR BOSS’S CAR! SAY IT, JUST SAY SOMETHING GODDAMNIT!

She saw the station sign in the distance and almost started to cry out of frustration. She had to, she just had to. She braced herself:

“…Miss Andrews, I’m so sorry, please don’t be mad but I really really have to find a bathroom, could we please just turn into that petrol station real quick, I really can’t hold it any longer, I have to go now, I’m so sorry, please don’t be mad, please!”

She breathlessly spouted out her desperate plea without pausing between words and was almost crying by now, out of desperation, humiliation and fear of being scolded for her childish request. The next second felt like eternity as Laura sat there sniffling, waiting for a reply.

“You really can’t wait until we are back?” Katherine replied, more matter-of-factly rather than sternly, “We’re only about twenty minutes away from the office. Surely you can wait.”

They were fast approaching the station, only a few hundred meters before they would pass it! Laura panicked and started sobbing even more.

“I can’t, I’m sorry, I really really really have to go, please, please, I’m so so so sorry, please Miss Andrews, please pull in!!”

Katherine sighed. She knew she had not much choice lest she wanted to out her inner sadism in front of her poor subject. Laura was a good girl, she didn’t really deserve this and Katherine knew it. She had to relent and let the poor girl get to the toilet before she had an accident. Look at her even now, all red-faced and crying. Who knows just how devastated she would be if she did wet herself after having been so explicitly denied her last chance of dry salvation?

Just as they were about to pass the sliproad, Katherine slowed down and steered the car onto it and towards the petrol station.

“Alright, I guess another five minutes won’t make any difference, but be quick!” Katherine said as she turned the car onto the concourse.

“Oh thank you, Miss Andrews, thankyouthankyouthankyou, I will be quick, I promise, thank you so so so much!!!” Laura responded as the car slowed down to a halt. She only had to make it inside and to the restroom and she would be saved. But her bladder was pulsating hard and she realized that she wouldn’t even be able to stand up straight. She opened the door and stumbled out of the car, holding herself up by the doorframe, her left leg constantly pressing over her right as she tripped forward with small small microsteps while slowly rising her tortured body into a half-erect pose.

Katherine was already debating her decision to give in. It would have been so hot to watch Laura totally drench her pants there in the passenger seat. She could have made up an excuse of being short on time, but then again, it was the end of the workday so probably not. And she couldn’t escape the very fact that Laura was such a sweet and ambitious girl. It wouldn’t be right to force her to go in her pants, and on her first day at that. Katherine convinced herself that she should be proud of her newly acquired warrior instead, having suffered in silence for so long and still managing to keep it together. It’s been like ten hours, her bladder must be massive! She couldn’t help but wonder just how big a lake Laura would have produced, had she not made it...

“Right, might as well top up the car”, Katherine thought and got out to fill the tank.

Meanwhile, Laura walked, or tried to walk, hunched over, tightly scissoring her legs around each other while putting one foot in front of the other as fast as she could. She couldn’t have straightened up if her life depended on it, the pain was overwhelming, each miniscule jolt caused by her steps threatened to open the taps and release her day’s worth of urine into her business slacks. She sobbed in total frustration and fear of there being a queue, or it being locked, or there not even being a public restroom there! Oh God, please please please, not that!

She advanced through the entrance, pausing for just one second to scan the inside of the station, spotting a short hallway leading past the cash register on her left and what just had to be their public convenience, it just had to. Still without being able to keep her composure, she hobbled towards it, her knees held together as tightly as a pair of pliers while alternately grinding them across each other. As she got closer she saw the universal sign on the door – that stylized man, woman and wheelchair within a blue square that for most people most of the time meant nothing, but for Laura it meant a world and a half; it meant not wetting her elegant pant suit in public in a gas station with people coming and going!

One of those people was a young man who had just entered the station to pay for his petrol only moments after Laura’s not very graceful entrance. He immediately noticed the cute young redhead in a business suit clearly stressed out of her mind, and as he spotted her crisscrossing legs he realized at once what was up. His chap stiffened inside his jeans and his heart beat faster as he watched her struggle towards the restroom from where he stood at the entrance doors. He could not afford to miss this!

The young man just then decided that he was on the lookout for wiper blades which just happened to be located in the sales rack closest to the register. Of course, what he really wanted was a vantage point from where he could observe how things would play out for that obviously very desperate business lady. So he proceeded to pretend looking through the assortment of blades while glancing towards the restroom with an ever increasing heart rate. He silently implored whatever god there might be that the restroom would be occupied…

Laura implored as well, albeit for the exact opposite, as she waddled towards the restroom door. She felt a giant spasm through her body and her poor sphincter almost couldn’t withstand the enormous pressure from above. By pure reflex, she immediately shoved her right hand deep into her crotch, despite it highlighting her public distress even further. The young man stood holding a pack of wiper blades while nervously watching Laura bending over with crossed legs and holding her crotch in front of the restroom door, momentarily unable to move. Then he saw her left hand reach for the handle. Be occupied, please be occupied. These things just don’t happen, and it is about to happen!

She pulled down the handle. Please be occupied!

And it was.

His heart went into overdrive.

Laura panicked. The second she realized the door wouldn’t open she switched her leg crossing, pressing with all her might against her crotch while rustling the handle in total despair. Her bladder had just about had enough and when the next giant spasm arrived, it relented.

SSSHHH

“No….nononono….please no….” Laura cried breathlessly. This was so unfair! She was starting to piss herself at the very finishing line, in her elegant professional suit, and in a crowded service station at that! It’s so so so unfair! She was just about to make it! Why did the toilet have to be taken now of all times?!

“Hey, I think you need to ask for a key to the restroom!”

A man who was just getting out the door had spotted the brief but intense struggle taking place down that short hallway and felt compelled to chip in while passing. Laura, having just clamped of that fatal spurt, waddled back towards the register and right then she encountered her boss having entered the station to pay for the petrol.

“Miss Andrews…. It’s locked… I need… oh god… I need a key… oh god… it’s too late… I’m having an accident!!!!!”

Laura could hardly string two words together by this point, tears beginning to run down her cute face as she stood in front of her boss, cross-legged and crouching, clamping down so hard on herself that she was shaking. The young guy still tried to look more interested in wipers than in a beautiful young office lady about to have a massive accident right in his sight. By now he was failing badly.

“Oh… we’ll ask for the key then” Katherine replied. Somehow the desperate display of her cute assistant being just seconds from totally humiliating herself in a public setting became too much even for her. She had no choice but to take pity on poor Laura. So she turned to the cashier who was in the midst of helping out a customer.

“Excuse me sir, I hate to interrupt but we are having an emergency here. Could you lend us the restroom key, please?” Katherine requested.

“Oh, really sorry about that, we locked it up as it’s not functional at the moment. I thought we had a sign up but apparently not, sorry.”

Laura almost fainted. She bent forward a little more as she whined in total despair. The young guy stood biting his lip while stupidly holding onto the wiper blade catalogue, all but failing to give off the impression of actually reading it.

“You don’t suppose we could borrow the staff toilet? She really can’t wait any longer.” Katherine enquired, making a gesture towards her poor colleague.

“Sorry, we are not allowed to let customers in back there. Security reasons, sorry.” the cashier replied casually. Katherine cranked up her authoritativeness a notch.

“Come on, she is about to have an accident! It can’t be that much of a deal to let her use your restroom when the public one is out of order, can it?”

“…please….” Laura chirped in, all teary-eyed and panting, feeling yet another spasm causing her to convulse slightly. Oh my god did it hurt so very very much!

The cashier hesitated for a moment. The wiper guy, having overheard the back-and-forth by the register, silently implored him not to give in.

“Alright, I’ll go back there and ask the manager if it’s ok to let her in. I can’t promise anything though. I’ll be back in a second”, and with that he asked the customer to bear with him for a moment as he disappeared through the door behind the counter.

While waiting for him to come back, Laura stood frozen in place with her legs crossed and bent down, one hand holding onto the cash register counter, the other buried deep into her now damp crotch. She panted, praying with all her might that she would be allowed to use the staff toilet. The seconds trudged on, feeling like eternities in her poor desperate mind.

Then suddenly, a cramp!

SSSHH

Her hand getting warmer…

“No… oh no….”

SSSSHH

…and even warmer….

“I can’t hold it…. oh no… no….”

Laura panicked, realizing this was it. She tried to squeeze her legs even tighter together. Still no sign of the cashier.

SSSHH

“It’s coming… oh no… oh no….”

That last spurt was so powerful it went through the fabric of the back of her pants and dripped onto the floor behind her.

Still no cashier.

SSHH

Piss started to spurt out between her fingers wrapped around her crotch.

“No..no…….please…..”

Still no cashier.

SSSSSHHH

“Noooooooo……”

The drips from her backside almost turned into a stream for a split second.

Then the back door opened, not a second too soon and maybe several seconds too late.

“I talked to the manager and it’s ok, she can use our bathroom back here. I’ll hold the door for you.”

Laura didn’t waste one second. She set off with her hand still buried in between her legs, piss desperately hissing out in spurts as she ran behind the counter and through the door.

SSH – SSHH – SSHH – SHHH - SSSH

She felt it starting to go pool up in her cupped hand and down her thighs as she only seconds later crashed through the restroom door on her left. She literally ripped apart her pant button and tore down the zipper, piss still spurting out, dripping down her thighs. With one swift move, down with her pants and panties and –

SSSSHHHHH

Over ten hours worth of urine cascaded out into the bowl, almost as if the toilet was flushing. It was so much, the stream so powerful, the violent hiss echoed inside the small cubicle.

SSSSHHHHH

Laura was beside herself. The relief was unfathomable. All that urine was only seconds from ending up in her pants and on the floor. Granted, some of it did, but essentially she had made it. The percentage of the amount that ended up staining her pants could probably be measured in mere tenths, given the amount she was now releasing into the bowl.

SSSSHHHHH

It just went on and on. For over two minutes, maybe approaching three even, she sat there while her poor tortured bladder poured itself empty after having suffered for so long. It still hurt but it felt like a massive stone had been removed from her abdomen.

Finally she was done. She dried her tears from her face and proceeded to inspect her trousers. They were clearly wet in the crotch and a bit down the thighs. Nothing compared to what could have been but still noticeable. From behind though, it was much less noticeable, almost no sign apart from a few minor streaks where the piss had been spurting through. Her panties were ruined though, so she took them off and threw them into the bin. She could manage the way back to the office going commando.

She made an effort to dab the wet parts on her pants with toilet paper. She did indeed make a scene out there and felt very embarrassed by having so publicly been on the verge of a very wet accident, all red-faced and crying in shame while begging for a toilet. She convinced herself that once she and her boss were out of here, she would have little to no reason to revisit this particular service station anytime soon,

“Laura? Are you alright?”

Katherine’s word suddenly emerged from behind the toilet door. She had been let in by the cashier after insisting on looking up on her poor assistant. She had noticed a trail of drips on the floor leading all the way up to the toilet, a token of Laura having been on the absolute knife edge. If the cashier had delayed even seconds longer, those drips wouldn’t have been back there. And they wouldn’t have been drips; they would have been a massive ocean in front of the register for everyone inside the station to see. Katherine became almost dizzy by the thought, but ultimately she was glad that her sweet young assistant had made it, even if just barely.

Laura exited the toilet, carefully opening the door while holding her purse in front of her pants.

“I’m so sorry, miss Andrews… please, don’t be mad, I was so desperate after holding it all day, I couldn’t wait any longer….”

Her voice trailed off into a cry with the last sentence, and tears started running down her face.

“I’m… I’m so sorry, miss Andrews…” she hulked, silently sobbing, partly out of shame but also at the horrific thought of having been delayed further, or even denied to use the staff toilet. That feeling and smell of warm piss oozing out into the fabric around her hand was a terrifying herald of the most humiliating and devastating situation she could ever imagine; wetting herself in a public place, and with the almost equally humiliating desperation on full display preceding it at that! The image was so stark and overwhelmingly horrifying that she couldn’t help but cry, even though she had made it, more or less.

“Ssssh, it’s ok, Laura”, Katherine gave her crying assistant a hug in an effort to console her. “It’s ok, you made it after all, didn’t you. Let’s get back now and forget about this afternoon, ok?”

“Ok… thanks, miss Andrews” Laura sobbed, having calmed down enough to stop crying. She had indeed made it, and if anything, she ought to be proud of herself, her incredible holding capacity. Her damp crotch would dry out eventually, but for now, she could probably get away with keeping her purse in front of her while hurrying out through the station.

Katherine opened the back door and peeked out into the store area. None of the customers who had witnessed Laura’s distress seemed to be left by now.

“Come on, Laura. Get out to the car while I pay for the petrol, and then we’ll be on our way”, she beckoned. Laura followed suit and scurried out, past the register and out the door and got in the company car to wait for her boss. As Katherine stood and paid, she couldn’t help but feeling impressed by Laura’s otherworldly bladder capacity. Over ten hours, and with coffee and water on top of that! Such a brave soul she was after all, this new girl.

But as glad as she was that she had made it in the end, the more sinister part of her mind was ever so slightly beginning to conjure up a potential day’s worth of timetabled assignments. Something that might be just a tad bit more challenging for Laura’s bladder this time…

