Gunsmith Cat

Author: AlmightyIdiot

*000*2024-11-18 20:47

&&

Fish. Despite loving the taste, its odious smell was getting on Mavis's nerves. The years of salt and other smells in the air was strong enough to pierce through the car. She reached for the cup of joe, not even the sharp taste of black coffee could overcome the scent of the harbor. Ugh, why can't these guys do this in the day, she complained. Parked 100 meters away, she took a glance through her night vision goggles. Still the same people milling about. Even if there was a big shipment for seafood coming in, there looked to be too many people around. She felt as wary as the few dogs patrolling the dock. Mavis had half a mind to go up there and start asking questions, preferably with her trusty M1014 shotty. But she knew she wasn't a one woman army, peeking again, she could see the outline of some pistols on some of the men.

The tip they received about guns being transported via lobster exports could have some credibility to it. Heeding caution, she pulls out her communicator to update her team. "Agent Mavis requesting backup at 38 -77 do you copy that?" She listened to the radio, only getting static. Must be a jammer! These punks aren't messing around. Shortly after, a siren went off, alerting her more than her caffeinated drink. A large ship coming into the distance, it was here and now. That led into two options, driving back to home base or wherever the effects of the muting cease, potentially missing out on the crux of the operation or going in hot and being known as a hero for the country. Fire in her eyes, she took off after downing the last of her cold coffee.

Skirting around the cargo containers, she could see the men bringing the heavy goods into trucks. What was the best course of action? In the heat of the moment she wanted to pull a move on them but as she was watching the scene unfold, her nerves got the better of her. Pulling the trigger would lead to a deathmatch, 100 to 1 odds of getting out alive. Hiding around the corner, she took a closer look at who was around. Mavis had to make a play, she was already in too far to back out. There was a truck 20 meters away on the far edge of the group. A cargo container freshly put on the rear, the dogs opened the back and checked the goods. Eying the prize, she stalked out the men going back and forth, making a break for it when the coast was clear.

The sounds of the crane going to work along with the hustle and bustle masked her footsteps. There were a few crates inside and several other boxes on top. Stowed away inside, she hid behind the backend of the cargo. Stuffed in the corner, she held her breath when she heard the men step inside to add more. Strange that they were shuffling the items around, she thought. Brandishing her knife, she stabbed the plastic crate next to her, being sure to aim high so if there was melted ice it wouldn't leak out. Her incisions carved out a small hole but it was still dark inside.

However, she never saw any brightly colored bands used to clamp the pincers of a lobster. Working when the thugs were away, she got to the heart of the case. Reaching her hand inside the ice bath, there was no mistaking the feel of an assault rifle. Confirming the tip is great, but now she needed to hightail it out of there to report back her findings. Glancing her head over the boxes, she saw the last look of the dog closing the back of the truck and locked the door.

=====

She wanted to kick and scream but had to hold it in. So fucking retarded, how could I leave my baby in the car! Her precious shotgun would have been the masterkey to break out this prison but in the rush of it all was forgotten. It wasn't completely hopeless however, away from the harbor, she could contact HQ with her phone and maybe backup will arrive and save her. Not sure how they'll track me without any coordinates, she lamented. There were several trucks, the ATF would have to track all their routes to fish her out this one. The only other positive thing she could think of was the potent stench of fish being cut ever so slightly. The styrofoam boxes with actual lobsters she peered carried some of the harbor's fetid stink with them. Who was she kidding, it's miserable in here and even more to pile on, she could feel an urge to pee coming on.

Navigating over the crates, she hoped they didn't run over any potholes. Checking the door, she tried to analyze where the locks would be located and pondered if her measly glock could do it in. With only so many bullets, she was unsure if they could penetrate the metal door and then get to the lock on the other side. Along with not knowing where the lock is, she felt sure that they would hear the shots and who knows what they'll whack her with.

All to herself, she could freely use her flashlight to investigate. She wasn't sure what she was looking for, piercing the containers she could see mostly the live lobsters with a small amount of the crates being guns. Unfortunately, nothing inside was loaded, what a waste, Mavis thought. WIth no other options, she laid uncomfortably on the floor where she first hid to bide her time.

=====

Occasionally she would check her phone for a message. Recalling her training, the burner phones they carry don't get messages sent to them, but nevertheless she kept her eye on it even if it was unreasonable. A few hours passed and the coffee was working its magic. The caffeine kept her up the night and the diuretic activated her kidneys. Those two factors kept Mavis restless, squirming to hold it back. All she could do is hope to be rescued or they make it to their selling point before her time was over. Her body was indirectly trained for this sort of thing, doing stakeouts, constantly vigilant to her surroundings and focused on the task at hand. But there were no more shots to take, no targets to eye, and no calls to make, she felt she was going to die.

The Tortoiseshell cat clutched to herself and gripped tightly as if she was bleeding out. The urge was dire and no space to squat, she felt this was a losing battle to remain dry. Crates shifted back and forth on turns, sometimes squishing her, aggravating her already low patience. Other than the sounds of the truck revving and rolling, the sloshing of the partially melted ice were the only things Mavis could hear.

=====

This was worse than a prison, she realized. At least in there, light was around, people too, and a toilet. It was a completely idiotic thought to go through her head but with her pressing urge and mind numbing task of sitting tight, there wasn't else to come up with. Another wave made her body contort, biting her lip as she rocked. Maybe I should let it go, get it over with, she thought defeated. There wasn't anywhere else to huddle so she would have to deal with the puddle. That aspect postponed the decision and gave her another chance to look over what options remained.

As she got up, it was as if she got hit by a rock slide, the floor moved away from her feet and the boxes all jumped. The cargo slid around till there was stillness. Terrified, she checked herself, a tad wet from the shock but anything could happen now. Her eyes glued to the door thinking they'll open. Putting her ear to the wall, the usual sound of the truck was gone. Somehow the cargo detached. And judging from the impact, this wasn't planned.

Once more, she looked at her phone, deciding to text an update, furiously tapping the letters and she bounced side to side unable to keep steady. God, I could pop any second now, she whined. Then her ears perked, the door's lock starting to come undone and the next second, the sunrise blinded her.

"Agent Mavis! Are you ok," someone yelled at the exit. Her eyes adjusted, the sight of the person was still unfamiliar but she was freed at last.

"Never better," she lied trying to keep any pretenses of pissing her pants to herself. Taking the first step over the box was too much, spurting a leak and a gasp.

"Hey now, stay right there and we'll come over," the man replied. Him and a woman climbed over the wreck to support Mavis. They probably think she was injured from the crash but the only thing hurt will be her pride if she lets loose this second. Oh no, get it together, just a few more moments.

They took the cat's arms and lifted her over the container and supported her out of there. Her legs felt weak, upon touching the solid ground again, her heart raced and her body unable to stand up straight. Looking around, there were a few cop cars and Jeeps surrounding her, a couple more people going past the trio to survey her cell.

"We can call an ambulance," the man told her.

"No Patt, she can hitch a ride with us," the other woman replied.

"What! We don't know her injuries!

"It's fine," Mavis tells Patt, "I'll take her offer. I can walk."

The fox looks at Mavis, not convinced that she's in fine condition, his frown showing the only emotion behind his shades. "Frankie, I'll report to the captain and leave her in your hands."

The two on their own, they slowly walk towards one of the standard vehicles, "So how the hell did you end up as a hostage for Don Guzz," Frankie jeered.

"What do you mean hostage," Mavis retorted.

"A restricted line got a hold of us, wanting ransom for your sorry ass," she howled.

Son of a bitch, wasn't as sneaky as I thought. "So what was the damage," Mavis tried to lighten up.

"Not a damn cent, you ought to thank R&D for the GPS on that phone or you were through.

The brown spotted cat breathed heavily, "IF IT WASN'T FOR ME, YOU WOULDN'T HAVE FOUND THE GUNS!"

"You're pissing yourself," Frankie gestured down.

Mavis's blue jeans were becoming many shades darker, her anger blocked out the feeling of it.

"FUCK!" She ran to the left toward the forest and got behind a tree, dripping the whole way through. She tried to loosen her belt and within a moment yanked her soaked bottoms down and squatted.

"What's going on over here," Patt rushed back to the women.

"Go snag a towel, little kitten over there wasn't potty trained," the shrewd dog pointed at the tree for him.

Mavis sighed, only slightly relieved since her blood boiled having to deal with that bitch. Despite the early release, there was still a good amount to come out, hitting over the usual 20 seconds. If someone would catch a peek at her, they wouldn't know if the steam was from her stream or the hot head having it come out of her ears.

All said and done, she had nothing to wipe and not a thing for her ruined pants. Stepping back onto the road, she met with Patt and Frankie. Without saying a word, Mavis took the towel from Patt's hands. She was not looking forward to the ride back.

