The Magical Peepee Bed :)

Author: abdlboy21

*000*2018-02-16 04:00

For almost as long as I've had sexual thoughts, I loved wetting the bed and pee in general. It feels so good to plan a wetting night, when I can drink as much water before bed as I want to...and just relax and pee in bed when the urges strike me in the middle of the night. I usually planned these wetting nights around when I would do laundry, for obvious reasons. But I wanted to pee every night, without have to do all that! So here's my story based on that desire :)

One night as I was getting ready for bed, I had vision of a mystical fairy. She appears only briefly and softly suggests "drink plenty of water before you go to bed!" I blink and she disappears. Instead of questioning the strange vision, some power influence convinced my mind that it made the most sense in the world. So I drank. And drank. And drank till I was comfortably full of water. I got sleepy, soooo very slee...

I pass out on my bed, falling immediately into a very pleasant dream. The fairy is there again, now giggling. "Greetings, fair mortal! You have gained the favor of the Peepee fairy by wetting your bed so often." She smiles, and so do I, delighted that my fun habit has been noticed. "I have enchanted your bed so that you can peepee whenever you want with no consequences! No groin rash, no smell, and it won't degrade the mattress." I stare, wide eyed. "Really? Wow! How can I ever repay you for this gift?" She giggles again. "On the first wetting of every night, I shall watch over you and enhance your experience, expanding your bladder and filling to the brim so that you can completely soak the bed. Then you must repay me, with your seed!" My cock grows instantly hard with a flick of her wand. "Now let's see that peepee fill up the bed, for my honor!" My bladder becomes comfortably full, not bursting but just enough that I already know it's gonna feel so good to pee...

I let it out right in my pajamas, feeling the warmth and wetness rush over me. (To be continued, if I get enough positive response from it)

