Daisy's revenge

Author: Anonymus123

*000*2023-12-08 10:58

Daisy (19 yo) has three older siblings, and to top it all off, she's the only girl among her siblings.

You may think, since she is the youngest and the only girl, her brothers have to treat her like a princess, well, no. Her brothers are in the habit of playing pranks on her. Those are not very heavy pranks, but being three against one can be annoying.

Those are usually pranks such as painting her face while she sleeps, turning off her alarms, adding some strange seasoning to her food, or making her believe that her hair was cut. Daisy had put up with her brothers' pranks for years, and there were times when she would return the pranks. But there came a day when, according to Daisy, they went too far.

It was the day of the anniversary of their parents, who had decided to spend the whole weekend together without their children. Daisy's siblings were going out to a party that night, but before they left for the party, they put glue on the toilet lid.

Hours after her siblings left, Daisy felt the urge to urinate, but unfortunately she couldn't remove the lid from the toilet. Desperate, Daisy looked for any way to peel off the lid, but she didn't succeed and ended up ruining her panties and pants. She had another couple of accidents that night, as it wasn't until the next day, that her brothers came back, that they were able to peel off the lid. That day, Daisy decided that she would take revenge on her brothers.

. . .

It was an ordinary weekend. Daisy was with her brother, Gabriel (24 yo), playing video games in the living room, while Tim (22 yo) did his college homework, and Mason (20 yo) read a book and listened to music.

At that, his parents appeared in the room. They looked pretty well groomed, as if they were going to a fancy event.

—Why are they dressed like that? —Tim asked.

—An old friend invited her dad and me to her wedding —their mom replied.

—So we'll be alone to night —Daisy said.

—Yes. And I told Mrs. Johnson to let us know if anything happened.

The four siblings looked at each other, and then looked at their parents.

—Don't trust us?

—Not since the last time we left you alone one night and you had a party —their father replied—. So you know, no parties or anything like that.

—Understandable —Daisy said, turning her attention to the screen.

—We'll be back tomorrow morning at the latest.

—Okay.

—I left them money to order something to deliver and left cranberry juice in the fridge —their mother said.

—Mom, I don't like cranberry juice —Daisy said.

—I know, that's why I left a glass of lemonade, just for you.

—Thanks, mom.

—Goodbye guys.

Their parents left the house. Daisy thought it was the perfect opportunity to get her revenge.

Daisy lost the game on purpose to go quickly to the kitchen. In one of the upper cupboards in the kitchen, Daisy's parents kept the medicines.

Daisy's father had high blood pressure, so he had been prescribed diuretics, something Daisy could use for revenge.

She quietly pulled out the pitcher of cranberry juice her mom had left for her siblings and poured a few drops of the diuretic into the juice.

—Daisy, since you're in the kitchen, could you bring us some juice, please?! —Gabriel asked.

Normally Daisy would have argued with Gabriel, but this time she let it go as she needed her brothers to drink the juice. She didn't pour too much juice and carried the glasses on a tray. After handing the last glass to Gabriel, she hit him on the head with the tray.

—Daisy what the fuck?

—I wanted to take the opportunity to hit you.

Gabriel rolled his eyes and drank the juice, as did Tim and Mason.

A couple of hours passed, and the four siblings decided to order a pizza delivery. And even though they had money left over to buy a soda, they preferred to share the money and drink the juice that their mother had left them.

When the house arrived, they handed out the pizza, poured themselves the juice, and sat on the couch and couches to watch a movie.

Daisy noticed that her brothers had poured themselves plenty of juice, which would help her plan for revenge happen sooner than she had planned. All that time, she hadn't seen any of her brothers go to the bathroom, but she knew they would soon have to.

With a few minutes left in the movie, Daisy noticed Tim moving a little awkwardly in place. Daisy knew she had to get her next phase of the plan going.

She rose from her place and said calmly:

—I'm going to take a bath.

—Finally —Gabriel said.

—No wonder it smelled so bad —Mason said mockingly.

Daisy ignored her brothers' comments and carried the dirty dishes to the kitchen before going to her room and grabbing her towel.

He went into the bathroom, took off his clothes, and got into the shower. However, Daisy wasn't going to take just any bath, she had planned to wash her hair, which was quite long.

A few minutes after Daisy went in to take a bath, Tim was the first to get up and go to the bathroom. He knocked on the door and waited for Daisy to speak.

—What's going on? —Daisy asked.

—Do you take too long?

—Maybe, why?

—I need to pee.

—You have to hold on.

—Don't delay.

Tim went back into the living room and sat down where Daisy had been. However, in less than five minutes it began to squirm a little. He could still hear the water in the shower, which definitely didn't help his situation at all.

—Are you ok? —Gabriel asked.

—I need to pee.

—Tell Daisy to come out for a moment.

—Okay.

—I'm going with you, I need to pee too —Mason said.

Tim got up and went to the bathroom with Mason. Mason knocked on the door this time.

—Daisy, can you go out for a moment? We need to urinate.

—Wait, I won't take long.

—That's what you told me a few minutes ago —Tim said.

—Daisy, how hard is it for you to go out for a minute or two and let us pee? —Mason complained.

—I'm getting the shampoo out of my hair.

—Are you washing your hair at this hour?! —Tim exclaimed.

—Yes.

—What's going on here? —Gabriel asked.

—Daisy is washing her hair and won't let us in —Tim answered.

Gabriel knocked on the door with a bit of force.

—Daisy, would you be so kind and let us in?

—No.

—Why?

—Do you remember the prank you played on me on our parents' anniversary? —she asked.

That question was more than enough for the three of them to understand where the whole thing was going. They knew that sooner or later Daisy would return the prank, but they didn't expect it to be that way.

—Daisy, you...?

—This is my revenge —she said—. Let's see how much your bladders can hold.

—You know there's a key for the bathroom, don't you?

—I hid it. Good luck finding her —Daisy said.

His brothers weren't going to give up so easily and started looking for the key all over the house. They opened drawers, rummaged through boxes, and even went into Daisy's room, but they couldn't find it.

Tim hated begging, but his bladder felt too full and swollen, so he went back to the bathroom, hoping Daisy would take pity on him.

—Daisy, please tell me where the key is.

—No.

—At least let me in, please, I seriously have to pee.

—Let me think, no.

—Please, my bladder is going to explode, let me in, please! —he begged.

Daisy could hear her brother knocking desperately on the door. But still, Daisy wasn't going to leave the bathroom for quite a while. She had just applied conditioner and needed to detangle her hair, which always took a lot of time as it tangled easily.

The next to surrender was Gabriel. The eldest of them all was already on the edge holding his crotch and moving awkwardly. He knocked desperately on the door as he squeezed his legs together.

—Daisy, please, it's an emergency, let us in!

—No. I got wet three times that night because of your stupid prank. Now it's your turn to pay.

—We're sorry, okay? Please, Daisy.

—No.

Tim leaned his back against the wall and brought both hands to his crotch. Of the three, he was the one who drank the most juice, and he was the most desperate at the time. He tapped the tip of his foot constantly on the floor, trying to distract himself from his need, as if that was going to magically make it disappear.

—Daisy, get out now, please! I'm going to pee on myself! —Tim begged.

—That's the idea!

—Daisy, I promise we won't prank you, just let us in, please —Gabriel asked in a pleading, desperate tone of voice.

—Tempting, but no. You better get the mop, because I'm just starting to detangle my hair.

Mason came slowly, pressing a hand into his crotch and he banged the bathroom door.

—Daisy, open the damn door at once! —Mason demanded—. My bladder is going to explode and I swear if I pee here, I'm going to mop up the mess with your hair! —He threatened.

Daisy laughed. She knew that her brother wouldn't be able to get that far, so she wouldn't have to worry about that threat and kept detangling her hair.

—Please tell me you found that key —Mason said.

Gabriel and Tim shook their heads. What none of them knew, was that Daisy had lied, she hadn't hidden the key, she had taken the bathroom key with her. This was to make sure that her brothers could not enter the bathroom in any way.

Daisy decided to make things harder for her siblings and turned on the faucet to the sink.

The mere sound of the water increased the desperation of the three boys. Mason knocked the door.

—Daisy, turn off the faucet!

—Or what?

Mason wanted to threaten to shut down the water control, but unfortunately for him, the water control was in the bathroom.

Daisy turned off the water just because she felt a little sorry for her brothers, but that didn't mean she would let them in.

Gabriel paced back and forth, one hand on his crotch, desperately trying not to lose control. Mason still didn't move from his spot, squirming a little from time to time, and holding his crotch tightly. And Tim was still in place, crossing his legs and slamming his foot on the floor quickly.

It took a couple of minutes until Tim had his first breakaway. It was a small stream of urine that accidentally escaped. He managed to stop the flow, but he knew he wasn't going to make it. He crouched down, even though that could only aggravate his situation, but he didn't care anymore. He knew he wasn't going to hold on until Daisy came out of the bathroom and he just gave up.

Even though it was embarrassing for Tim to pee his pants at the age of twenty-two, he wasn't going to deny that it was a huge relief to finally let it all go. He let out a small sigh as a long, hot stream of urine poured out of him. It didn't take long for a large puddle of urine to form underneath him.

—Tim, what the fuck?! —Mason exclaimed.

—Sorry, I couldn't hold on.

—Just... You just go and look for the mop —Gabriel said, looking away.

—Sure.

Tim straightened up and went to get the mop. Wherever it was. It was a little disgusting for him to step in the puddle of his pee, especially since he was barefoot, but at least it was done. At least for him.

Maybe it's because this kind of thing usually triggers a domino effect, but shortly after Tim peed, Gabriel let out a small stream of urine. Not enough to be considered an accident, but it didn't go unnoticed.

—Damn —Gabriel murmured.

Mason just glanced at him sideways, not wanting to embarrass his older brother too much.

Gabriel stood still in place. Moving only worsened the condition of his bladder, but he was too desperate and it was difficult for him to stay still.

A second stream of urine escaped Gabriel. He was able to stop it, but there was a small puddle of urine underneath it.

—God, damn it.

At that, Tim returned to the rag and began to mop up the huge puddle of urine he had left.

—Just let it go —Tim said—. Believe me, it's better that way.

Gabriel bit his lower lip and thought about it for a while before listening to his younger brother.

Gabriel relaxed his body and all the urine that had accumulated in his bladder came out in a great stream. He let out a heavy sigh before moving so Tim could mop.

—This is humiliating —Gabriel said.

—At least you feel better, don't you?

—Yes, but... Daisy will never let us forget this.

—Yeah.

While Tim was mopping, he accidentally hit Mason in the stomach with the mop stick. That was Mason's breaking point.

Mason didn't have time to react when a stream of urine abruptly came out. And though he tried, he couldn't stop it. He bent down and hid his face between his knees, while the urine continued to come out.

Gabriel and Tim looked at each other a little worriedly before seeing Mason again. Needless to say, the puddle that formed beneath him was huge.

—Sorry —Tim said.

—Never mind. It's not like I've managed to take it anymore.

—This... Your... Could you move around so I can mop there?

—Sure.

Mason moved and let Tim mop. The only thing left for them to do was wait for Daisy to come out so they could bathe, and pray that Daisy wouldn't mention that incident to anyone.

The three of them went to their shared room to get clothes and towels.

For her part, Daisy had a huge smile of satisfaction. She had heard everything that had happened outside the bathroom, and although she couldn't see anything, she made a picture in her head of her brothers' expressions.

Out of respect for her. brothers, she wouldn't tell anyone about it, but she would make sure her brothers never forgot it. This is a reminder to them not to play such heavy pranks on her.

