Tommy's wet vacation

Author: Alex_nb

*000*2024-12-01 21:16

This is my first attempt at writing a story of this kind. As usual, feedback is very welcome.

1/

“Camille… uhm… would you mind if we head back to the hotel?”

Camille turned to Tommy, surprised. “The hotel? But you know that we are heading to the temple, and the hotel is in the opposite direction.”

“Yeah… uhm… but I think I kind of need to stop by the hotel before we visit the temple,” Tommy said, looking uneasy.

Camille realized that, without her noticing, he had put his sweater around his waist, so she couldn't check his crotch, but she knew what had happened and her rage exploded.

“Tommy, again? You peed yourself again? What the fuck are you, a little kid who isn't potty trained yet? That's fucked up. By the time we get to the hotel and clean you up, the temple will be closed. You ruined another day of our vacation.” She was really upset, but Tommy looked sincerely mortified. “I am sorry, love. I had a little accident and my underwear is wet. I really need a change of clothes. I am afraid that if I stay in it the whole afternoon, I can get a rash.” Tommy was blushing and looking at his feet, his sparking blue eyes almost filled with tears. He looked cute, Camille thought, and she calmed down a bit.

“Ok ok, let's head to the hotel. Too bad for the temple, we will visit it tomorrow. But can you tell me what happened? I am a bit worried by all these accidents.” Her voice was softer now.

“I… really don't know,” said Tommy. “I was walking and felt a little need to go to the bathroom, but it looked like I could safely hold it to the temple. And all of a sudden, I… felt my underwear getting wet,” he said, again looking at his feet.

“It's ok, love, let's hope it's nothing serious. It's a 20 minute walk to the hotel, is that ok?”

“Well… I…” Tommy looked uncomfortable. “You… what?”, Camille asked. “I… kind of… still need to pee. I leaked quite a bit already, but I am still full and the need is getting very urgent,” Tommy said, instinctively bringing a hand towards his crotch. “Oh good,” Camille said, her voice turning bitter again. “Ok let's rush to the closest bathroom,” she added, looking around frantically for options.

She was still trying to figure out what to do when she heard Tommy saying with a sigh: “Love, I am sorry… please don't be mad… but I think it's too late…” Camille could not believe it. Her 26 years old boyfriend was wetting himself in the middle of the street, pee now visibly running down his legs, a little puddle forming at his feet, totally unable to stop the flow. Camille looked around them, embarrassed. Luckily enough, they were in a busy avenue during rush hour, and the crowd of people looked too busy to even notice what was going on. She grabbed Tommy's hand, mumbled a “fuck, what a disaster” and pulled him towards the hotel.

During the walk, they both stayed silent. Tommy was too embarrassed to say a word. Camille was instead lost in her thoughts. They had left a week before for a month-long dream vacation they had been planning for almost a year. But since they had arrived in the country, Tommy had started having these “little accidents”, or at least that's how he called them. What was going on? At first, Camille had been worried that he had something bad, but he had no fever or pain or any other symptoms that could indicate an UTI or any other kind of physical problem.

Hence, Camille was inclined to think that there was something going on in his head. He had been under a lot of stress for various reasons before they left for the vacation. Perhaps this little… regression? was a way to attract Camille’s attention, or to feel cared for. She had no idea, but she did not feel confident enough in her theory to talk to Tommy about it, yet. She was afraid that he might be offended or hurt. She felt bad for not being able to hide her disappointment when Tommy's accidents had ruined their plans, but she also loved him deeply and didn't want him to feel bad, for any reason in the world. She thought of him as the most amazing boyfriend, no doubt, and a little bit of pee was not going to change her opinion.

*001*2024-12-03 16:58

Thanks for the positive feedback. Here is a short update (contains sex).

2/

When they arrived at the hotel, Camille had calmed down and was in a better mood. They sneaked in by the rear entrance to the elevator and into their room, luckily without crossing other guests. As soon as they were in their room, Camille guided Tommy into the bathroom and started stripping down his clothes. Shortly after, Tommy was naked in the shower, and his wet clothes were lying on the floor. Camille looked at him and thought that her boyfriend was not only a nice and smart guy, he was also hot, really hot. His body was perfectly shaped. His torso was muscular enough without overkilling it. His ass was… just fucking perfect. And his penis had such a cute shape. Camille got naked as well and entered the shower.

She approached Tommy and kissed him softly on his mouth, while her hand reached for his dick. “Let's clean you up, ok?” she whispered in a passionate voice. She grabbed the body soap bottle, put some soap in her hand and started gently massaging Tommy’s crotch. She made sure to pass her hands everywhere, on his dick, in between his legs, down to his asshole and his hot butt cheeks. She then took the hand shower and gently rinsed everywhere. Tommy's dick was now super hard, his hands were around Camille, gently caressing her boobs.

It took only a few more seconds for Camille to feel Tommy's dick entering into her. She started rubbing her clit against Tommy's pubic hair, and another few seconds later she had a massive orgasm. Tommy followed shortly after. Another few minutes later, they were cuddling in bed. “Camille, are you mad at me?” Tommy said, seeming really sorry. “It's ok, love, you can't control those accidents, right? I am here for you, and let's hope that it goes away soon,” she answered with a smile. They kissed and hugged until they both fell asleep for a little nap before heading to dinner.

*002*2024-12-03 22:17

One more update. This one contains some nudity.

3/

The day after they left early to finally visit the temple. The weather was perfect, the sky was bright blue and the temperature was mild enough that they decided to wear shorts and t-shirts. They stopped for breakfast in a cool bar on their way to the temple. They had eggs and vegetables, and Tommy drank a big cup of coffee and a few glasses of orange juice, Camille noticed worrily. “Tommy, please make sure you go to the bathroom before we leave, ok?”

“Sure!” he nodded, and headed to the men’s room. Shortly after, they were walking towards the temple. The building was magnificent, surrounded by a peaceful garden, and Camille felt really happy. She was finally starting to fully enjoy the vacation. After the visit, they went out for a walk in the large forest that surrounded the temple. They had been walking for a while when Camille noticed that Tommy was walking in a weird way, seemingly uncomfortable. She immediately went into alert mode. “Tommy, are you ok? It looks like you might need the bathroom?”

“Don't worry, I am fine” he answered with a strange voice, leaving Camille unconvinced. “Tommy, are you sure? We don't want another accident, do we?”

“Yes, I am ok, thanks. Don't worry, I will tell you if I need the bathroom.”

“Why don't you go right here in the forest, just to be sure? There is no one in sight.”

“Oh come on Camille, I am not a baby. We are in a public park, what if someone arrives? And besides, I can hold it…” He was just finishing the sentence when he suddenly bent over, grabbing his crotch with both hands. “Oh no” it’s all he could say, blushing red, while a bit of pee visibly trickled down from his shorts. “Tommy! I can't believe it!” Camille screamed, angrily. But this time she was mentally prepared, and determined to avoid the mess. She pulled both his hands away from his crotch, grabbed the button of his shorts and opened it, and quickly unzipped and pulled the shorts down, revealing Tommy's already wet underwear. She noticed more pee trickling out of the underwear, and dripping into the shorts pulled down below it. “Tommy! Try to hold it a little bit, can’t you?”

“I am sorry… I am trying, but I just can’t” moaned Tommy, helpless, tears in his eyes. She pulled down the underwear as well, grabbed Tommy's penis and directed the cascade of pee that started coming out of it away from them and towards the nearest tree. The situation was ridiculous, Camille thought. Her boyfriend was standing there, butt in the air, peeing without control, wet shorts and underwear around his feet. Luckily enough, nobody was in sight.

As soon as the stream slowed and eventually stopped, Camille checked once more the situation around them. Nobody still, they were safe. She pulled up Tommy's wet clothes, grabbed his hand and told him “Follow me” in a tone that left him no choice. She brought him behind some bushes where she felt they were hidden enough. She bent down, and pulled his pants and underwear down again.

“Fuck, the guy is hot, even with piss in his pants”, she thought. She removed his shoes and then his wet clothes. Tommy was standing there, naked from the waist down. “Love, what are you doing?”, he said, blushing. “I don't think I can walk back to the hotel naked like this”. “We are not heading back to the hotel this time,” she said, pulling out of her backpack a change of clothes and a pack of wet wipes. Tommy looked hugely embarrassed. “Oh… you brought a change for me?”

“Yeah, I thought we might need it, right?”

“I guess so,” he nodded. Camille took a wet wipe and started passing it around Tommy's crotch. In the process, his penis started hardening. Camille had a strange feeling, she really wanted to put this cute dick in her mouth. Weird, she thought, just after her boyfriend had another accident. She managed to control her instinct and finish wiping Tommy, before putting clean clothes on him. Finally, she put the wet clothes in a plastic bag and hid it in her backpack. “All done,” she said with a smile, gently patting Tommy's butt, which caused him another big blush. “Thanks, love, it's so kind of you to have thought about bringing a change. I am sorry I had another accident.”

“It's ok, it happens,” Camille said, kissing him on his lips. “Let's go now, it's lunch time and I am starving.”

During lunch, Camille found the courage to bring up the issue. “Tommy… look, I don't think we can keep going on like this, right? I mean, I can bring changes, but what if someone was around in the forest? What if you get wet in public, in a temple or in a museum?” Tommy looked at her, embarrassed and confused. He didn't know what to do, and was unsure about where the conversation was heading. “I think we should take care of this more seriously,” Camille continued. “I don't want you to be embarrassed and these accidents are becoming way too frequent. I think it's time to get you some protection.” She spoke at him softly, with a gentle tone, keeping hands contact, sincerely hoping he would accept and not make scenes. After a few moments of tension, she was very relieved to hear him saying “I guess you are right…”. He was so cute, looking down at the table, playing with his fork. Camille couldn't help but approach him and give him another soft, passionate kiss.

*003*2024-12-25 15:20

Sorry for being slow! Here is another update. I hope you enjoy it!

4/

Tommy woke up early the day after to pack for their next destination. They had planned a long train ride to reach a historic town on the other side of the country. He organized his stuff, took a hot shower, and dried himself carefully. Then, naked, he reached for the pack of fresh pullups they had bought the day before. A bit nervous, he took one pullup off the pack and proceeded to the bathroom, where he unfolded it and put it on himself. He looked at his body in the large mirror. He felt a bit ashamed of needing to wear protection, but he was amazed at how well the pullup fitted his shapes. They had chosen a grey color of a brand that advertised as feeling like “regular underwear”. It was certainly not the case, because the padding was perfectly evident inside the soft, grey fabric. But it did not look like a diaper at all.

Tommy went back to the sleeping room where Camille was still dozing in bed. He chose a pair of black shorts and put them on top of the pullup, then wore a t-shirt of the same color. The pullup was hugging his crotch softly, and he felt secure and comfortable. He was amazed, once again, at how invisible the protection was under the shorts. Camille yawned, “Love, did you sleep well?” to which he mumbled a “yeah, what about you?” that remained unanswered as Camille was still very sleepy.

A few minutes later, Camille was up, packing her stuff and getting dressed for the long trip. When they were both ready to go, before exiting the room, she asked with a slightly embarrassed tone: “Love… uhm… are you… covered?” Tommy nodded a “yes”, his cheeks bright red with embarrassment. Now Camille took a more serious tone: “Tommy, remember the instructions we read on the box, your penis should be pointing down in the diaper in between the leak guards for it to work properly”. “Yes love, don’t worry, I will keep that in mind.”

“And if you have an accident, it's ok, just let me know immediately and we will get you changed. The diaper is meant to absorb one accident, but not more, you remember?”

“Sure,” Tommy answered in a rush, before adding shily: “Camille… would you mind not calling this a diaper?”

“Of course, baby, sorry about that. It’s just a little protection for you to feel more covered, just in case. Ok?”

“Ok”, Tommy nodded looking down, his cheeks turning to bright red again.

The couple took a copious breakfast at the hotel before getting up and ready for the train station. They were about to leave the dining room when Camille took Tommy’s hand and whispered: “Love, did you visit the bathroom?”

“Not yet” he whispered back. “Well, maybe it’s time to go now. The train trip will be long, and we want to stay dry for as long as possible, right?” Tommy didn’t answer and headed to the restroom. He was a bit annoyed that Camille seemed to not trust him to stay dry at all. In her words it was just a matter of when, not of whether, we would get wet. But she was probably right after all, a visit to the restroom was a good idea, just in case.

The ride to the train station was smooth and the train left perfectly on time. The trip was pleasant, the landscape outside the window was gorgeous, and they were both enjoying their time together. They chatted lightly and had a lot of fun, talking about the past few days, exchanging a few passionate kisses, and making plans for new adventures. After a few hours, they got a bit tired of chatting, and each fell into their own thoughts. Camille put on her headphones and fell back into her comfortable seat, looking outside the window as they slowly crossed the country. Tommy took his book from his backpack and was quickly captured by the narration. Yet, he was feeling a bit uncomfortable as his bladder was slowly filling up with all the liquids he had drunk at breakfast.

Camille had already visited the train toilets twice, likely for the same reason. But Tommy wasn’t feeling great at the idea of using the train toilet. He didn’t like dirty toilets and, while the train was generally well maintained and clean, he was sure that the toilet would not be as clean. Besides, he was acutely aware of the pullup, whose fabric was gently rubbing against the skin of his crotch and butt at each movement, giving him a pleasant feeling. They were close to arriving, and he thought he would be able to hold for another hour or so, before finding a better bathroom at their destination. Also, wearing the pullup made him more secure that even if he had a little accident, there would be no big trouble.

Another ten minutes or so passed, and Camille had fallen asleep in her seat, while Tommy suddenly felt a sharp pain in his bladder. Maybe he was stretching it too far, he thought, but he didn’t have time to think more before another sharp pain hit him, and he felt a long spurt of urine escaping from the tip of his penis into the pullup. “Shit” he thought, instinctively grabbing his crotch with a hand. It was now totally clear that he would not make it to the arrival without having a full blown accident. He stood up and rushed toward the toilets, but as soon as he made a few steps, he felt another long spurt, and then another, before he totally lost control and a cascade of pee started filling his pullup from the front towards the back. Tommy was now frozen in the middle of the train corridor, legs slightly spread, peeing uncontrollably, feeling the pullup getting warm and expanding in between his legs.

He kept peeing for what felt like an eternity, but was probably close to thirty seconds. He could feel the pullup getting warm down to the back, in the area around his butt hole. Tommy looked around him, in panic, but no one in the train seemed to be paying attention to him. They were all checking their phones, listening to music, chatting or looking outside the windows. Tommy slowly recomposed himself, and tried to play it cool pretending to be just stretching his legs a little bit. He tried to move his legs in order to feel the extent of the damage. He felt his penis: it was pointing down in the pullup, as Camille had instructed. The pullup felt warm and swollen, and he felt wetness all around his crotch, in between his legs, and down to his butt. But nothing down his legs. It looked like the pullup had made a perfect job of absorbing his accident, without leaks.

What to do now? Tommy was unsure. Camille had told him to change as soon as he got wet. But this meant changing in the dirty train bathroom. And on top of that, the spare diapers were in Camille’s backpack, which she was using as a cushion to sleep more comfortably. He would need to wake her up, admit of his accident and ask for a change. She would likely be upset, and perhaps she would make a scene in front of the whole train. Tommy decided that he would not risk it. He would surely not have another accident before they reach their new hotel, and he could get changed there. If Camille asked anything, he would pretend to have had the accident just before reaching the hotel. Camille would certainly understand.

Tommy went back to his seat, sitting down very carefully, hoping that the pressure on the pullup would not cause any leak. But the protection seemed to be of really great quality. The moisture had been completely absorbed and Tommy’s skin now felt dry. The only trace of his accident was the warmth that persisted around his crotch, and the fact that the padding was now much bulkier than before. The loudspeakers announced their imminent arrival at their destination. Tommy felt that he had made the right decision, and that he could easily tolerate the slight discomfort of the bulky pullup for another half an hour before they got to the hotel where he could change.

Camille woke up, probably hearing the announcement from the loudspeakers. She yawned, smiled at Tommy, and took his hand gently. “Almost there, huh?” she said with another yawn, starting to look around for her stuff to get ready to disembark. She looked so pretty, Tommy thought. Camille put everything in her backpack, then looked at Tommy again and noticed something wrong. He was sitting strangely, and seemed uncomfortable.

“Tommy, are you ok?” she asked, with a slightly questioning tone. “Yes, why not?” he said, blushing lightly. “The train trip was amazing, I loved the landscape, and it was so beautiful to see you sleeping peacefully in front of me.” Camille approached him, and whispered: “Well… yes but I mean, are you… dry? You haven't visited the bathroom since we left the hotel this morning.”

“Oh, I see” Tommy now blushed more visibly, before adding in a rush: “Yes, I am good! I think that wearing protection reassures me, and as a result I have less anxiety and much less stimulus to pee.” Camille nodded, feeling reassured. She wondered if this is what Tommy wanted from the very beginning, being allowed to wear a diaper during their vacation. Consciously, or perhaps unconsciously? “Anyways,” she thought, “if this is what makes him happy, and saves us from accidents, why not?” Tommy looked really cute with his beautiful smile and it's not wearing a diaper that made him less attractive. She didn't care.

*004*2024-12-31 11:01

One more update. I should put a warning here that I got a bit carried away when writing this one. I usually don't like when things get too rough, but here there will be rough sex and a spanking. Consent is essential to me, so I tried to make it clear that Tommy is consenting to everything that happens, and that Camille is acting based on this consent. I had to navigate a thin line there to not kill the dynamics too much, and I know that this can be very tricky so I am taking the risk. I hope this is fine with everyone who reads but if not, just please let me know and I can adjust/cut the story accordingly. Feedback is always welcome.

5/

The train stopped at their station with a screech of brakes. Shortly after, they had disembarked and were walking on the platform towards the exit. The station was filled with daylight and a lot of people were rushing in all directions. Tommy was walking slowly, very conscious of the swollen pullup in between his legs, that was making the walk a bit uncomfortable. He needed to walk with his legs slightly parted, but he also didn’t want Camille to notice his discomfort. “Perhaps I should admit my accident and get changed in the station toilets” he thought, but quickly discarded the idea out of fear that the toilets might be very dirty. Besides, his bladder felt totally empty now, and since Google Maps indicated a short cab ride of about 30 minutes, he was confident that he would reach the hotel without any trouble.

They exited the train station and quickly found a cab. The driver seemed friendly and told them not to worry as he knew the best way to the hotel. They sat in the back of the car, which was separated by a partition from the front, so they had full privacy. Tommy was careful to sit down slowly, to avoid putting too much strain on his padding, fearful that it might leak. When seated, he could feel the swollen fabric pushing against his butt and crotch. It was a pleasant feeling after all, he thought, feeling happy of having made the right choice by keeping the wet pullup on him for a bit longer.

He was lost in his thoughts when he heard Camille speaking to him: “Tommy, do you also think that the cab smells strange?” Tommy sniffed the air and went into panic, his cheeks turning bright red. The cab was indeed pervaded by an unmistakable scent. It was not plain urine, but something softer, the scent of the urine mixed with the odor-controlling materials of the pullup. Noticing Tommy’s panic, Camille finally put two and two together. “Tommy, dear, are you… hiding something?” she said with a contained rage that almost scared Tommy.

“Uhm… love… I am sorry… I might have had a little accident…” were the only words that Tommy managed to put together, which was enough for Camille to explode. She stretched out her hand to reach Tommy’s crotch and immediately felt the swollen diaper. “What the fuck Tommy, I told you to let me know as soon as you get wet. Why did you hide it from me?” she said, her voice rising in tone, making Tommy even more scared. “I… I… I don’t know, I accidentally wet myself in the train and I was scared that you would scold me in front of everyone” he said, tears starting to appear in his eyes. He was looking down to the floor, unable to stand Camille’s gaze. “And besides,” he said with an almost offended voice, “it was just a little leak, and I did not want to change in the train, the toilets were too dirty. I can wait until we reach the hotel and I will change there.”

“Just a little leak? Are you sure? And what if you have another accident before we reach the hotel?” Camille reacted, feeling more and more upset. “What if you pee yourself again in this cab, and your diaper leaks, and you make a mess on the car seat?”

“It won’t happen”, Tommy tried to argue back, almost crying, “it was just a little leak, and the protection can hold much more.”

“Let’s see, then” was Camille curt reply. She cut the conversation and shifted her look away from Tommy, to the city passing by outside the window.

Tommy was feeling offended and upset after the fight with Camille. Luckily enough, it seemed that the cab driver had not heard their conversation, sparing him the humiliation. He was determined to show Camille that he was totally able to reach their room before getting changed. But that’s when he realized that the cab was not advancing very fast. He looked outside the window, they were stuck in a big traffic jam. And, even worse, perhaps because he was feeling very nervous now, his bladder started sending signals of distress.

The large cup of coffee and the two orange juices he had drank at breakfast could not be evacuated with a single bladder void, that was to be expected, but he was not prepared for the idea of spending more than half an hour in the cab. He slowly shifted his weight from one side to the other, in an attempt to ease his discomfort a bit, and checked his phone again. Google Maps was now indicating a congestion ahead of them, which would cause a 15 minute delay. Nothing too bad, Tommy thought, he would make it to their room and Camille would apologize to him for how she had treated him. He relaxed a bit and made himself comfortable in the car seat.

The cab ride ended up taking almost 50 minutes and the coffee and juice had been accumulating in Tommy’s bladder much faster than he wanted to admit. When he descended from the cab, he was already feeling some pain, and his pelvic muscles were fully contracted to avoid another accident. Camille instead seemed to be more calm. She paid the car driver while Tommy walked as quickly as he could, still clenching his muscles, towards the hotel. Luckily enough for him, there was no line at the check in desk.

He tried to wait patiently while Camille handed their documents to the hotel staff, slowly shifting his weight from one leg to the other, keeping his legs as close as possible while trying not to squeeze the pullup too much, as he was still scared that it might leak. By the time Camille was finishing the check in, Tommy was absolutely desperate. He grabbed her hand and whispered “Camille, I really need the bathroom now.”

“I am almost done, just one minute, but if you can't hold, why don't you go to the bathroom in the lobby?”

“It's ok, I can hold”. He could have used the restroom in the hotel lobby indeed, but that would mean admitting to Camille that she was right, and Tommy was stubborn at times. He wanted to show her that he was able to hold until getting changed in their room.

Camille was now feeling worried that his boyfriend could humiliate them both by wetting himself in front of the whole hotel lobby. She finished the check in as fast as she could, grabbed Tommy’s hand and rushed in the elevator. As soon as the doors closed, Tommy had both hands on his crotch. “I am sorry, it's becoming really urgent now.”

“It's ok love, don't worry. In the worst case, if you leak a bit, you have your protection, right? You said that you had just a little leak in the train, so you are covered.”

“Well… yes, I guess so”, Tommy said with an unconvinced voice, which left Camille even more worried.

Their room was on the 11th floor and the old hotel elevator was advancing quite slowly, taking a few seconds to cross each floor. They were about half way through, when Tommy suddenly felt his already stretched bladder giving up, without even a warning spurt. Pee started running out of him at full force, he could feel the flow hitting the front of the already full pullup, cascading down towards the bottom, pooling around his balls and down his crotch, and finally leaking out from both sides, trickling down his legs. Instinctively, and in a desperate attempt to at least save his shoes, he spread his legs wide.

A torrent of pee started cascading down the inner legs of his shorts, splashing on the elevator floor. Tommy looked down at his crotch, horrified, and couldn’t help but scream in panic, “Ooooh noooo I couldn’t hold it, I am so sorry, I am having an accident”, tears now fully forming in his eyes. Camille was staring at him in disbelief: “What? Why is the diaper failing so badly?” Tommy was unable to answer, his eyes frozen on the torrent of pee now making a big puddle on the floor between his feet. “Tommy!” Camille screamed in rage. “How many ‘little accidents’ did you have today? You had fully wet yourself in the train already, right? And you hid it from me. Right?” Tommy finally found the courage to answer in an almost unhearable voice: “I am so sorry, love. I had a big accident on the train.”

“And why didn't you tell me?”

“I didn't want to be changed in the train restroom, and I thought there would not be another accident before we reached our room.” Camille felt her rage exploding. He had lied to her and made another mess. “What the fuck Tommy! I told you to tell me as soon as you had an accident. You are a fucking mess. And now, what the fuck, you couldn’t even hold it for another minute? Not even stop after a few leaks? No control over your bladder, at all? I would expect a bit more from a grown up adult. Who is going to clean up the elevator now?” She was just screaming these last words when the elevator door opened on their floor.

Camille tried to recompose herself a little bit. She watched outside, luckily for them, no one was in sight in the corridor. She grabbed Tommy’s arm firmly, and pulled him out of the elevator, in the hotel room, and in the bathroom. She quickly removed his socks and shoes, so that they wouldn't get wet. “Stay here and don’t make a move” she instructed. She went back to the bedroom and picked the phone. From the bathroom, unable to move, pee still slowly dripping down his pants and legs, Tommy could hear Camille’s embarrassed voice talking to the reception.

“Yeah, I am sorry, I don’t know what happened, my boyfriend had a little accident in the elevator. No, he’s not sick, don’t worry, he’ll be fine. Could you please just send someone to clean up? We are very sorry about it, it won’t happen again.” His sogging pullup was now so heavy that it was almost falling down into his drenched shorts. He could feel the warmth of the pee all around him. Tommy felt a bit humiliated, but also secure. He knew that Camille was upset but she would take good care of him nevertheless. He didn’t make a move, as instructed, and waited for her to come back.

Camille came back almost like a fury. “So that’s what you wanted, huh? Humiliating me with the hotel staff, asking them to clean up your pee? That’s why you keep hiding your wettings from me?” She unzipped and pulled down his shorts. The diaper beneath was drenched from the front to the butt, there was pee everywhere, it was clear that Tommy had had multiple accidents. The smell of urine mixed with the diaper polymer was strong. Camille lost all control.

She stripped the diaper out of Tommy, dumped it on the floor, and pushed him against the wall. His soft, beautiful butt, covered in urine, was now facing her and she couldn’t help giving him a first, not too strong, spank. Tommy moaned with what seemed like a mixture of embarrassment and pleasure. “Please Camille, don't be mad at me, I promise I will behave better.” Camille noticed from the back that his penis was now erected. She was now feeling something happening in her body as well.

Tommy’s submissive behavior was turning her rage into arousal, and she realized that her panties were already quite wet. She gave him another spank, this time a bit stronger. Tommy moaned a soft “yes”, this time an unequivocal sign of sexual pleasure. Camille gave him another spank, and another, her arousal building up uncontrollably. Her labia were open, wetness trickling into her panties. Tommy’s dick was even harder now, and she wanted it inside her. She quickly turned Tommy to face her, back against the wall, and initiated a rough, passionate kiss, which Tommy reciprocated.

She raised up her skirt, pulled her panties down, grabbed Tommy’s dick with a hand and pushed it inside her, without any effort given how wet she was down there. She started moving and rubbing her clit against Tommy, who grabbed her butt, pushing her towards him. Images of Tommy’s accident in the elevator, mixed with fantasies of how he could have wet himself in the train, pervaded Camille’s brain, making her reach a state of ecstasy, which shortly turned into a massive orgasm. Tommy came shortly after, and the couple remained hugged against the bathroom wall for several minutes, in a state of trance.

*005*2025-01-04 22:44

There was no reaction to the last chapter, so I hope I didn't go too far. Anyways, I don't like to leave things unfinished, so here is a short and final update.

6/

The sexual tension had eased, but Tommy was still inside Camille, his penis rock hard, the two bodies interlaced as if nothing would ever bring them apart. They looked at each other. Tommy’s gaze was strange, a mixture of naughty, mischievous and absolute love. Camille looked deep in his eyes, and they both erupted in laughter, almost in unison. “So, Tommy, maybe it’s time to stop pretending. You are enjoying this, right? I feel that you are tricking me somehow into this game.” Tommy’s look went down, his cheeks turning slightly red.

He seemed to think for a while, then looked back into Camille’s eyes. “Yes, it’s true, I think I am enjoying it” he said with a sensual voice, stamping another passionate kiss in her mouth, “but I am not the only one. At least, judging from how wet your pussy is. We have been together for quite a long time, and I’ve never seen you as aroused as you’ve been these days.” It was now Camille’s turn to blush, her cheeks turning bright red. But yes, it was time to admit it to herself, she was enjoying it.

Seeing his boyfriend, hot as hell, in a vulnerable state turned her on much more than she expected. “I guess that you are right, I didn’t expect it, but what you’ve been doing was quite a turn on” she said with a smile, followed by a light kiss on his lips. “So, now what?” Tommy said, with a slightly hesitant voice. Camille looked at him and smiled. “Well, I guess we’ll have more and more fun” she answered, squeezing her belly against Tommy’s, while her naked hips started moving again.

