Riven`s Embarrassing Secret

Author: AlphaCentauri

*000*2023-12-22 18:09

This is a quick League of Legends-themed one shot I wrote. Enjoy!

The air on Summoner’s Rift blew with a breeze, wafting the assorted scents of ripe honeyfruit, the musk of brambleback camps, and the hot oily reek from the twenty-two high-powered turrets lining the lanes. Inside the blue fountain, a definitive noise heralded the five champions warping in: Graves, Taric, Ahri, Talon, and Riven. None wore anything special except for Taric, who was wearing his Luminshield costume, and Riven, in her dawnbringer outfit.

As they each purchased their starter items from the yordle shopkeeper, Ahri flipped her bangs out of her eyes and said offhand to Riven, “They’ve got Fiddlesticks in their jungle. Watch out for him ganking you with his crowstorm.”

Riven seemed to chafe slightly at this, but nevertheless replied, “Sure, thanks.”

Ahri continued. “Just warning you. It comes out of nowhere. That’s kind of his deal.” Her eyes had a mocking glint to them. “Just try not to pee your pants.”

At this, Talon and Graves turned around. Taric received his change from the shopkeeper and did the same. Riven, meanwhile, went red and said nothing.

Talon shifted his gaze from Ahri to Riven, then back to Ahri. “Has that kind of thing happened to people before?”

Ahri laughed derisively. “To Riven? Sure. Lots of times. Pretty much any time she gets scared, there’s a good chance she’ll wet herself.” Graves and Taric began listening more intently as Ahri tapped one finger on her chin, thinking back. Riven simply stood there and squirmed uncomfortably.

“Let’s see. I remember the first time she fought Baron Nashor. Yup, it was me, her, Blitzcrank, and Master Yi. Ashe was respawning, I think. But when the Baron started attacking us with his corrosive spit, all his eyes locked on her, and she suddenly just kind of moaned. I didn’t know what that was about just then, but after the fight was over, I noticed her pants were all wet around her crotch and down her legs. She tried to play it off as just viscera or river water or something, but I figured it out. What other times were there…” She began counting on her fingers. Talon, Taric, and Graves were all ears at this point, ignoring the fact that minions were already spawning by now. Riven squirmed uncomfortably where she stood.

“There was another time when we were on the Twisted Treeline, and she decided to try to avoid one of the enemies by passing through Vilemaw’s den. I just remember hearing her scream and come tearing out of there before curling up into a ball under her turret, a yellow puddle growing under her butt.

“Another time, we were all on the run from the enemy team, and she got hit by a stray dark binding from Morgana. We couldn’t go back and help her, and I remember looking back and seeing her banging on the sides of the prison, her face full of terror, while a stream of pee sprayed out from between her legs and sizzled in the tormented soil under her.

“Then there was a time when she was cutting through the jungle on her way down to mid lane when one of Shaco’s jack-in-the-boxes sprung out at her. She gave a tiny little scream and jumped back, but I noticed there was a small two-inch wet spot at her crotch afterwards.

“Oh, and then there was a time when Malzahar put his malefic visions on her before holding her in place with his nether grasp. She didn’t even make a sound that time—she just was rooted there, her face white with fear with a little string of drool on her lip, and totally peed herself. I mean, completely. She must have been drinking a bunch of potions or something, because her pants were totally soaked all over her butt and legs, and there was a huge puddle left behind. It was pretty nuts.

“There’s probably more that I can’t even remember right now. Nocturne got her pretty good one time, and Warwick another time, and I’m sure there’s been plenty I haven’t seen, too.” Ahri tossed her hair nonchalantly again, as if she had just been talking about something as mundane as the weather.

The other three looked back at Riven again, incredulously. Talon spoke up. “Wow, I had no idea. Is that true, Riv?”

Riven shifted her weight back and forth from one leg to the other in awkward uneasiness and went a deeper shade of red. Her voice quavered. “Can we talk about something else, please?” She bit her lip.

Ahri was just heading to mid lane with a springy gait when she seemed to remember something else. Turning back, she added, “Oh yeah, it’s not just when she’s scared, either. I remember her telling me once that any time she’s feeling nervous or uncomfortable, she can pee her pants.” She then resumed her trip.

@@Riven’s face was a deep crimson by now, and as she anxiously chewed her lip and rocked back and forth, the other three could suddenly hear a loud hissing, followed a few seconds later by a dribbling, splattering sound. Looking down, they could see the telltale dark wetness spreading out voraciously from Riven’s crotch and down both trembling legs, quickly forming a puddle around each foot. She covered her mouth with her hands, then hid her whole face in embarrassment as she continued soaking herself, no control over her bladder, no way of stopping it as it voided itself of every drop into her pants. The wet patch on them had grown to wrap around the front and the back of both calves and spread out underneath her butt, framing her cheeks. After what felt like an eternity, she was finished, the last drops dripping at random intervals from her crotch and the cuffs of her pants, their tiny ripples momentarily distorting the inverted reflection of Riven as she stood there shaking, empty but drenched, her puddle now nearly three feet wide.

Taric was the first to move, wordlessly making his way down bot lane. Graves followed shortly afterwards, though not without a backwards glance. The last one to leave was Talon, who briefly touched Riven’s shoulder with his hand before, unsure how to break the tension, he too stole away without a word.

Riven stood stock still for another minute, trying to regain her composure. There wasn’t much she could do except continue with the match and hope her pants would dry out quickly. Doing her best to steel herself, she stepped gingerly out of her puddle and headed towards top lane, grimacing at the way her wet pants chafed.

She wasn’t there to see, only fifteen seconds later, Ahri materialize suddenly in the center of the fountain, her dangerously low health instantly starting to improve. Unfortunately for her, the center of the fountain placed her right in the middle of Riven’s puddle, and her sudden appearance made it splash all over her shoes. She made a face of disgust.

“Geez, Riv, again? You got my shoes all covered in your pee, and you still haven’t paid me back for last time!”

