Mabel

Author: animepee1234

*000*2022-11-23 04:17

Mabel Pines Omorashi

Mabel was sitting in her last class of the day with only one issue she needed to pee really really badly. After drinking nearly, a liter of her Mabel juice earlier that morning she hasn’t gotten the chance to go yet. She tried going during lunch but the line was too long, she tried going before the class she was in but it was under maintenance and the other bathroom was on the integer side of the building and because of that she wouldn’t have made it to class on time. Now she stuck there, her bladder minutes away from bursting. She proceeded to put her hands between her legs. “Oh no I’m not going to make it” she thought to herself as she looked at the clock and realized she still had 40 minutes left in the class.

She raised her hand. “Yes Mabel” the teacher said “I’m sorry I really need to use the bathroom; can I please go” Mabel desperately asked. “No Mabel the last few times I let you, u disappeared for the entire class, so no you have to wait” the teacher replied as the class giggled as she blushed. Mabel knew it was true she usually used the excuse to use the bathroom to get out of class because of how boring it was but this time she actually needed to go; she began rubbing her legs together. Suddenly she shot up as she felt a few drops leak out. “No no no I have to hold it, I’m too old to wet myself” she thought to herself as she tightly crossed her legs and jammed her hands into her crotch tighter.

20 minutes later

Mabel was at her limit she was going to burst if she didn’t go soon. She felt a few more drops leak out which further dampened her panties. She wasn’t even attempting to hide it anymore she was juggling in her chair; hands were jammed into her crotch legs were crossed. “Mabel do you really need to go” Mabel shot up and noticed it was the teacher “Yes please can I go” Mabel said desperately, “Fine but only because I don’t need you having an accident on my floor” the teacher said. The class once again laughed Mabel blushed as she ran out of the classroom and dashed for the bathroom. As she ran, she froze as a spurt of pee shot out, she crossed her legs as she hobbled around the corner towards the bathroom, as she turns the corner she froze as she saw a sign that read “closed under maintenance”. “No no no” she said to herself “I have to run over to the other bathroom, mmmmm but I might not make it” she continued.

She started running with her hands jammed into her crotch, running down each hallway and sharply turning around every corner. Mabel sighed as she slowed down and hobbled around the next corner, her bladder was throbbing, she could almost feel the relief then she froze to see that this bathroom was also closed. She shot up as the thought of relief was to much as pee shot out, and further dampened her panties she stopped it in time though but now there was a noticeable dark spot on her skirt.

She began hobbling from one foot to the other, her hands still jammed between her legs, she needed to pee now or she would lose all control, she looked around sporadically trying to find somewhere to relieve herself, she looked at the sink “no I can’t do that to embarrassing” she thought, she looked at the boy's bathroom “NO WAY, WAYYYY TO EMBARESSING” then she looked outside at some bushes she hesitated but realized it was one of the only choices.

She ran outside to the bushes and hid behind them. As she crouched down pee began leaking out. “Ahhhh no no” she started pulling her panties to the side so her pussy had room to let all of her pee out, “I’m gonna need a change of panties” she thought as she looked at her now nearly soaked panties but as she was starting to relief herself, she heard the bushes rustling as a group of people walked through, “ ahh don’t look” Mabel said as she quickly shot up “it’s not what it looks li-” she was cut off as a wave of desperation came over her.

She quickly put her knees together and bent over and jammed her hands into her crotch but it was too late her bladder was already relaxed, as pee burst out completely soaking her panties and making a dark spot on her skirt grow, Mabel tried everything to stop it she bent over, she was jumping up and down and she had her hand jammed as tightly as possible into her crotch but pee just burst through her fingers and dribbled down onto the growing puddle under her, her cheeks grew red and her eyes filled up with tears as the last few drops of pee hit the ground.

