Chib: An Omorashi Fiction - Page 5

Author: Astraptera

*100*2024-03-20 18:37

Part 65:

Pia cleaned herself up in the bathroom. She felt much better, and thanks to Saoirse's quick thinking, very little had gotten on her clothes. On the way out of the bathroom, she approached Helly, who was stocking the front counter with napkins and drink cups, to ask about Cyan and Yarrow's orders.

"Are the orders for Mayra and Azri?" asked Helly.

"No. It's for um..." Pia hesitated. She hadn't thought about how she might refer to Cyan in front of others yet. "My um...half brother and his andyne friend."

Helly nodded and wrestled with the tape on a box. "Does his friend like dagger root drinks?"

"I'm not sure," said Pia earnestly.

"Well, if they do, our dagger root festival freezes are on sale for half a credit until it's gone," Helly sighed. "We didn't know the dagger root was already in it until we received the drink mix."

"What's the flavor?" asked Pia. Thanks to a routine allergy test when Azri had started as Pia's doctor, Pia had found that she could have dagger root drinks. She'd never had any interest in trying the stuff herself, though.

"I'm not entirely sure," said Helly. "Like cucumber melon, but floral with a salty aftertaste."

"Have you ever imagined what glowstick liquid tastes like?" asked a short, wide young andyne man pushing a cart of scrubbed pans through the kitchen. It was Bellis, who owned Hyachna's Shins with Helly. He had dusty black wings the same color as the restaurant aprons, shoulder-length gold hair swept back into a low ponytail, and was more muscular than chubby. He was about half a head shorter than Pia and barely reached Helly's shoulder.

"You mean those flameless green flares May keeps in the emergency kits?" Pia said. Bellis nodded. "No. Have you?"

"Not really, but the taste reminds me of what I might imagine if one day I thought, 'I wonder what glowstick juice tastes like,'" said Bellis. "Speaking of Mayra, we didn't see her or Azri at the festival last night."

"One of our guests had a medical emergency yesterday, so she stayed with them," said Pia.

"Really?" said Helly. "That's sweet of her. Is the guest okay?"

Pia wasn't sure what she could and couldn't say about dockyard guests legally, so she went with: "Yeah."

When they finished lunch, they had another half an hour until May picked them up on her way home. Pia and Saoirse sat with Bun and Montip and talked. Just before they left, Helly brought out Cyan and Yarrow's orders, placing them on the counter. Pia went to retrieve them while the others waited by the door and found that there were two foxfire festival freezes in the drink carrier. Pia had decided to get Yarrow one to celebrate quitting his job, but she hadn't ordered a second. One of them had a smiley face and "MAY" written on it in Helly's broad handwriting.

"It's on the house," Helly said, noticing Pia looking at the drinks. "Tell Mayra and Azri hi for us."

Saoirse, Bun, and Montip stood in a group outside the door, and Bun opened the door for Pia as she approached.

"Yeah, the map said there's one," said Montip as Pia stepped out of the restaurant. "We forgot to check it out after we closed the stand last night."

"Pia, did you know there was an avaris grove near here?" Saoirse said, taking the drink carrier from Pia. She did a double take at the festival freezes.

"The city planted that the year before I moved here," said Pia. "They don't bloom for the first five or ten years so they're not showy yet, but they'll be spectacular in a few years. They're some rare iridescent variety."

"Cool," Saoirse said absently, glancing between the drink carrier and Helly, who was currently ringing up a human woman for a takeout order.

"Is everything alright, Sersh?' asked Pia.

Saoirse bit her lip. "Is that...did you get that for Mayra?"

"Bellis and Helly missed her at the festival yesterday, so they gave me a free one for her," said Pia.

Saoirse glanced back inside. "And they put a..." She rotated Yarrow's festival freeze in the carrier. Only the order number was written on the side, also in Bellis's wide hand. "They only put that on Mayra's drink?"

"Yeah?" Pia peered at the smiley face on Mayra's cup. "Why?"

"It's an uh..." Saoirse cleared her throat awkwardly. "It's an...um...an Andyne thing."

"Oh! We used to see them all the time at functions, remember, Pia?" volunteered Bun. "About a year before you were hired, an andyne businessman bought me a drink and had the bartender draw a smiley face on it. He watched me drink it really closely, but our coworker who made it said it was just a normal mix drink."

Saoirse blushed. "He um...are you still serving andynes?"

"Sometimes when we're working on the surface, but not often anymore. I left the catering company about a month after Pia did," said Bun guilelessly. Saoirse put a hand over her mouth and took a deep breath through her nose. Pia had only seen her this flustered a handful of times.

"What is it, Sersh?" Pia asked. Their group was nearing the entrance to the pier.

"It's an invitation to rendezvous with someone," Saoirse said quickly. Pia felt herself blushing and resisted the urge to say, "Really? Them?"

Bun sighed. "I've heard that term a lot around andynes. It's not just...like...meeting as friends for lunch or something, is it?" he asked hopelessly.

"It's meeting someone for sex," said Saoirse.

"Oh," Bun's face fell. "And they're asking her...as a couple?"

"Probably her and Azri," said Pia. "They mentioned her too."

"Why didn't they put Azri's name on the cup too, then?" asked Montip, as fascinated as Bun was mortified.

It was Bun who answered, looking thoughtful with the hip bag blocking his crotch. "Dagger root is toxic. To us, anyway: it's toxic to most species, but Andynes drink it like alcohol. If they were asking both of them, why is there only something for Mayra?" he asked Pia.

Pia peered into the bag with the food. A small container at the top was marked "A+M" with a smiley face.

"I think they gave me a dessert for her too," said Pia.

"How was lunch?" asked May as the runabout ascended gently. The cabin was hot and stuffy despite the open windows in the back. Pia settled into the seat at the radio console and Saoirse sat down with the bag of food on her lap and the drink caddy on the seat next to her.

"It was very nice," said Pia. "Helly and Bellis asked about you. They gave me a festival freeze for you and a dessert for you and Azri."

May sighed. "That's generous of them. A drink sounds great right now."

Pia looked over her shoulder. There was only Saoirse, the drink caddy, and a thick manila envelope in the passenger seats. "How'd it go with the stabilizer?"

"Well..." May took a deep breath. "It's cheaper than I thought. There are no obsolescence or off-season fees. I just have to fill out a small mountain of paperwork before they can even order it." Pia was qualified for everyday accounting and numbers but didn't have the training for other official documents. The best she could do to help May was organize the mess for her to get to later.

________________________________

If I named the parts I'd call this one: "The One With The Smiley Faces."

&&&&&&&&

*104*2024-03-24 08:45

Part 66:

In her kitchen, May took the festival freeze out of the fridge. It wasn't quite frozen anymore, but she didn't mind. The clock above the kitchen sink showed half past three in the afternoon.

"Well, I don't have anything else to do today," May said to herself. She took a drink and grimaced. It was a bit stronger than normal, and more floral-tasting than she was ready for. May found a pitcher in one of her cupboards and poured the cup in, diluting it with ice and water. The result was weak, but May didn't drink dagger root infusion often, so it was strong enough for her. She filled the cup and took it with her to her room while she changed out of her coveralls, taking a long drink as she ascended the stairs.

It took May ten minutes to decide that instead of changing into anything, she'd have a bath. The day was only getting hotter, and the ride to and from Crystal Cove had been stifling.

Something made May put on her bathrobe before going downstairs for a bath. When she passed the front door, she thought she could hear voices outside but went in to start running her bath anyway, drink in hand. She'd just gotten it started and tossed in some aromatherapy bath tablets when someone knocked at her door.

"Hi, Miss May." It was Pia, and she had the young gull-winged andyne man from the night before with her, still dressed in his festival sweater. He waved at her nervously, his face bright red. May realized she was holding her drink cup smiley face side out and sipped it to keep herself from smirking about it.

"It's nice to see you, Pia," said May. "And you too, I guess, Yarrow."

"Would-...I mean..." Yarrow stopped and blinked. "You got my name right. Thank you."

"Are you here for anything specific? I'm running a bath." May punctuated her sentence by taking another sip of her drink.

"She um..." Yarrow floundered. "Pia told me you...um...need help with your paperwork."

"Did you still want to hire someone?" asked Pia. "You were talking about it a couple of months ago." May glanced in the direction of the bathroom. The tub would take about ten minutes to fill up, so she had a few minutes.

"Eh..." May sighed. "Follow me upstairs." She motioned for Pia and Yarrow to follow her inside.

"Are you looking for a permanent job, Yarrow?" May asked, climbing the stairs to the second floor. Yarrow made a vague noise that could've been "yeah," which May normally might've considered rude. He hadn't seen the state of her office yet, though. The airship had two bedrooms on the second floor, and the office was located in one of them. The other was the spare bedroom, where Pia had stayed while she fixed up her airship. There was even a small half-bathroom next to it, and May passed it to the door marked "office." She opened the door and stepped aside for Yarrow to view the horror that was her office. Boxes, neatly labeled though they were, were stacked from floor to ceiling in the corners, meticulously labeled in Pia's tiny handwriting. Near the front corner, Pia had a small cleared area around a desk, where she organized the papers.

"Do you still want to work here?" May asked, not unkindly. "Pia and I keep on top of finances and accounting, and this is the rest."

Yarrow looked around. "Is this it?" he asked.

"There's more in the shop, but this is the worst of it," said May.

"What's the pay?" asked Yarrow, pulling his wings in as he read labels on the boxes.

"Standard rate and benefits. We can discuss that tomorrow," May said and ushered Yarrow out into the hall. "If you want the job, come here no earlier than eight-thirty tomorrow morning. Do you mind doing some cleaning?"

"Not at all," Yarrow seemed excited.

May took a deep breath and exchanged a look with Pia. "Pia hasn't taken any time off since she started, and you would be taking over her some of her duties if she's out."

Five minutes later, May watched Pia and Yarrow walking away through the peephole in her door. She would need to talk to Pia about her vacation soon. The thought made her take another drink.

The bathtub still wasn't quite full yet, so May went upstairs to make a quick call.

"What does she pay you? Are you allowed to talk about that?" asked Yarrow while Pia shut the door to the shop. Yarrow hadn't found the haphazard stacks of paper there offputting, and he seemed cautiously giddy. Part of it was probably the dagger root drink: he'd only had a few sips, but it didn't take much for the stuff to start having an effect. In training for catering, Pia had learned that a lot of dagger root drinks were frozen to slow down the person drinking them. May and Yarrow's drinks had gotten somewhat melted on the way up and would be that much stronger for it.

"There's a standard worker pay rate here," said Pia. "She also lets me dock here for free, including power and utilities...are you sure you don't need to use the bathroom?"

"I'm okay," said Yarrow. "Does um..."

Pia locked the door. She needed to pee again, but it wasn't urgent. Her stomach fluttered at the thought of saving it for some alone time with Saoirse. "Does what?" asked Pia.

"Does Cyan work here too?" Yarrow gulped.

"How much has he told you?" Pia said slowly.

"They," Yarrow corrected, "It's they, not he."

Pia blinked. "Really? Huh. How much have they told you?"

"Not much. They've been out of hydrostasis for a month, and before that, they don't know anything."

"That's about all we know right now," said Pia, nodding. "But he-...they don't work here, no. Azri might need to clear them for it. Do you mind if I stop by my place on the way back? I want to move some things before the rain."

Yarrow followed Pia down the stairs behind her airship. The watering can was where she'd expected it to be, and she turned it over and moved her gardening tools under the airship.

"Pia?" said Yarrow. He sounded nervous.

"You need to pee?"

"Yes. How can you tell?" Yarrow tried and failed to suppress a moan.

Pia snorted, "I've served a lot of Andyne business functions. You can use my bathroom if you think you can make it." She looked over her shoulder at Yarrow, who was already fidgeting and pressing his legs together.

"I can't," Yarrow said miserably. He shuffled over to Cyan's tomato plant and squatted, pulling his beautiful gull wings around himself. Not wanting to just stand and watch him, Pia strode over to her tomato plant and started looking for stray garden tools, carefully keeping her back to Yarrow. From Yarrow's direction came a splash and a grunt of relief, followed by the rushing stream Pia had learned to expect from those who'd consumed dagger root. The noise intensified her need to pee, and she tried not to listen.

"Pia?" Yarrow panted.

"Yes?" Pia asked, checking for buds on her plants.

"Can I ask you something?"

Part of Pia wanted to give him a snarky response, but Yarrow was from the Andyne homeworld. Pia had always found it best not to be sarcastic, tell jokes, or otherwise show any sense of humor with homeworld Andynes. "What is it?"

"Why did Cyan tell me this tomato plant is a secret?" Yarrow sighed. "Miss Nucifera knows about it, it's huge, and it's not exactly hidden."

Pia shrugged. "It's...I'm not sure." Pia decided to keep talking over the noise behind her. "Cyan doesn't have much that's h-...theirs. I think they like having something that's theirs, so I haven't mentioned it to them." Yarrow was still going and Pia was tempted to lift her skirt and give her tomatoes a pre-rain "watering." Luckily for her, she heard her front door open. Footsteps rounded the boardwalk and descended the stairs, and a moment later Saoirse came around the corner, stretching. Behind Pia, Yarrow tried to hide himself more behind his spread wings.

"How was the nap, Sersh?" asked Pia. Saoirse stopped next to Pia at the planter, kissed her on the cheek, and stood back, rocking on her heels like she needed to pee too.

"I couldn't sleep," Saoirse yawned and unbuttoned her pants, but didn't go any further. "Hi, Yarrow. Your feathers are looking much better today."

"Hi, Saoirse," Yarrow replied. He finished and stood up hurriedly. "I'll um...walk back by myself. Thanks for showing me around, Pia."

"Yarrow," Pia said over her shoulder. Yarrow froze in the middle of zipping up his pants. "It might help to dilute the festival freeze with ice water," Pia said. He mumbled something and hurried away, blushing. Pia gathered up her skirt.

________________________

I'm about 90% sure that the image is not a spoiler, but I'm 100% sure I'm overusing the word "stylish" in these silly airship/rv ads. The deck cover is not a spoiler; it's retractable and makes the thing look more like a horseshoe crab. It's also based off the ohms from Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind, the Calatrava opera house in Spain, and a vintage rv ad so pink that my retinas are still a little seared. I did not have the guts to make my ad that pink. The limulus might get a mention.

&&

*105*2024-03-31 23:10

Part 67

Del woke up in her underwear, sitting up to her chest in a hot spring. The water was soothingly warm, reminding her how full her bladder was. It wasn't particularly urgent, but Del considered just going right there in the water for a split second before concluding that no, that would be rude at a hot spring. She glanced around for a bathroom: steam curled upward into the cold air, blurring the buildings into dark silhouettes with lighted windows. Snow sat heaped on the ground and in the trees of the forested glade where the springs hadn't melted it.

"Oh, that's right," Del yawned to herself. She'd just resolved a landing reflex. She'd kept it clean and drank nothing but water, and she'd still gotten cramps. "So lame." She looked down and saw that she had boobs, just large enough to float slightly in the mineral-heavy water. "Oh. Not so lame." Del reached up and squished them.

"Mind if I join you, my lady?" asked Althea, materializing suddenly in the water at Del's side, naked except for a frilly maid headband in her hair. Before Del could respond, Althea was in her lap, straddling her. Del's heart fluttered as Althea leaned in, her lips parting.

"Don't tell me I forgot my calculator."

Del jolted awake, almost painfully aroused, to Althea putting back a box on one of her higher shelves. She gasped quietly when she noticed that Del was sitting up. "Did I wake you?"

"I woke me," Del yawned. "What time is it?" It was only nine-thirty. Althea had spent the last few hours planning and working through complex equations. She'd made it a habit to go through everything with a calculator afterward and found that she'd left it in her office.

"That's okay though. You'll probably be making your call through Clay's office. I'm going too, so I'll just nip next door to my office and grab it while we're there," said Althea. Del sat up while Althea gathered up her papers, combining them into stacks on her side tables. Del wanted to go to the bathroom, take care of the horniness, and get back out for a little more sleep before the phone call. She wasn't sure what she was waiting for, and just as she was working up the nerve to stand up, there was a knock at the door.

It was Clay.

"I'm going too," Saoirse said firmly. She underscored it by pulling down her pants, turning around, and sticking her butt out over the planter. Saoirse was fully retracted again, and the hesitant drip that sprinkled the leaves didn't match her resolve. She hunkered down further to keep the stream from running down her legs.

Pia lifted one foot on the side of the planter, spread her knees, and raised her skirt. She wasn't wearing underwear, and the cool breeze from the upcoming rain felt nice on her vulva. She took a deep breath and fired a messy stream into the plants.

"I don't even know whether I'm going yet," said Pia. "I left off making plans after I found Cyan in that medical unit."

"Do you want to?" Saoirse asked. Her flow picked up, arcing back, and she sighed. "Especially after what happened there."

A minute later, they reached an agreement that both of them could accept. Saoirse's reluctant flow took longer to cease than Pia's, and Pia let herself drip while she waited.

"What would **she** know about it though?" Pia asked skeptically. After they'd finished, they headed inside so Pia could call Avaris.

Del dozed off on the couch, resting her head on Althea's chest while Althea stroked her hair. After Del resolved a landing reflex, she normally felt sleepy, hungry, and horny. What Clay told her had knocked out those feelings and left her with a cold pit in her stomach and her bladder slowly filling with the last of the water she'd drunk to resolve her landing reflex. She began feeling a bit better around ten and Althea got up to make them both some tea.

"How are you going to...you know?" Del asked, clutching her mug. The heat was comforting.

"Diagnose you with a pterovascular condition? It'll just be on paper," said Althea, patting Del's shoulder. "Clay and I'll set up times for you to come in so everything looks legitimate, and we'll get you out of here. I promise."

Del sipped her tea morosely. They'd discussed some options with Clay, and if Del wanted to get out, one way or another she'd have to give up flying.

"Unless you want to fake your death, change your name, and go into hiding." Clay was trying for a joking tone, but it was clear he hadn't slept in a day or two, and it sounded like a grim prophecy. Del blamed her own sleepiness for the phrase "grim prophecy," and Clay felt the need to apologize for the poor taste of the joke before he left to get some sleep before Del's phone call.

Del finished her tea and curled up with Althea again. She fell asleep listening to a documentary demonstrating how airship stabilizers were made and tested.

"-does not come in sugar-free. ShamPOW(TM) is not a good source of dietary fiber. Do not swallow the towel." The infomercial voice listed the price in several different world currencies, and Del snapped off the television before the list finished.

Althea snored softly, her chest rising and falling under Del's head. Del felt pleasantly warm and shivery under the throw blanket and didn't want to get up. Her bladder was starting to throb and she tried to ignore it: she'd enjoy the comfort for a minute or two, then get up and-

There was a knock on the door. Del scrambled to look for the clock and found it: it was a quarter past two.

Clay led them downstairs, taking the outdoor route that Del and Althea had used to smuggle the small hydrostasis unit up to Del's room. It had rained, and their feet slipped on the grass on the way down the hill. They passed the door Del and Althea had used to get out of the hospital wing and ventured further downhill, toward the lake and the tower-like building on the water that housed most of the facility's hydrostatic fluid storage. They approached a side maintenance door marked "COOLING AND HEATING," and Clay knocked.

The door opened, letting out a sliver of pale light.

"Evening, Clay," said Alvin, stepping aside to let them in. "Dr. Tock, Delphinium." He shut the door and sat down at a small folding table on which he was playing solitaire, not seeming to have any further interest in the group. A set of stairs in the maintenance room followed a network of pipes and pressure gauges, leading to a sterile off-white hallway close to the physicians' offices. Althea's office was next to Clay's so she went in to get her calculator, leaving Del alone with Clay.

Clay's office looked like Althea's: cabinets lined the walls. Hydrostasis units of various sizes sat atop them and a desk with a neat in/out tray took up the center of the room. Clay also kept about a dozen broad-leafed office plants around the room. He walked toward a corner with a group of plants on a high table, and Del couldn't tell what he was doing until she saw the glint of metal: behind one of the tall potted plants was a small old-fashioned chrome-plated radio unit.

"You can sit at my desk if you like, Delphinium. It takes a minute to warm up." Clay yawned, flipping a switch. The unit's lights faded to life, red and yellow. Things inside the unit whirred and buzzed, and Clay brought the wired speaker to his ear and listened. Del elected to stand, feeling too tight and nervous to sit down. A long moment later, the door to the hallway opened. Althea sidled in and padded over to Del.

"You okay, Del?" Althea whispered. Del realized that she was crossing her legs and rocking on her feet.

"Yeah," Del lied, more to convince herself than Althea. "I just need to use the bathroom after I get off the phone."

Clay stood up and set down the earpiece. "Alright, Delphinium. I have all the pre-commands dialed in. Just enter the number and press send."

Del stepped forward.

____________________________________

It's Easter AND Trans Visibility Day! I do have new art I can post with this, but the character is like 5 chapters ahead so I'll just repost the movie poster, because that's my favorite pic of Del/May.

&&

*106*2024-04-01 10:10

Part 68:

When Yarrow arrived back at Miss Nucifera's airship, Cyan and Miss Nucifera sat at the table in the darkened front room. They were watching a movie on Miss Nucifera's laptop. Cyan pulled up a chair for Yarrow, and Yarrow grabbed his drink before sitting down. There wasn't another cup around for Yarrow to pour his festival freeze in and add ice water, and he couldn't find a good time to ask Avaris, so he opted to just drink it at full strength.

After about ten minutes, Yarrow still couldn't quite figure out what the movie was about. He'd absentmindedly downed half of the festival freeze, which added to the latent drowsiness after resolving the landing reflex, so he excused himself to the bedroom for a nap. While feeling somewhat amorous, Yarrow had no intention of anything except plopping down face-first on the bed and falling asleep. The dagger root pulled him irresistibly down into a hazy, sleepy state, and he was out before his face hit the pillow.

Yarrow faded into wakefulness what felt like seconds later. He felt pleasantly light, pleasantly heavy, and pleasantly-

"Are you sure you don't want a separate cot?" Miss Nucifera said in the other room. The movie was either stopped or over and there wasn't any background noise to obscure their voices. "He's going to wet the bed." The confidence in her voice stung, but Yarrow could feel the pressure starting to build up in his lower belly. If he lost it and flooded the bed, Miss Nucifera would surely make him leave. Yarrow was vaguely aware of Cyan talking.

If Yarrow was kicked out, he could stay more nights at the local inn, he thought sleepily. He was paid up until the end of that week, and his things were still there. The bedroom door opened and Yarrow drifted back up into semi-consciousness.

"Do you know where everything is?" Miss Nucifera's voice asked in a whisper.

A few seconds later Yarrow registered that someone had opened and closed the outer door and felt a weight in the bed next to him. It took a ridiculous amount of effort, but Yarrow opened his eyes. Cyan lay down next to him, stretching their legs under the blankets.

'Hi, Yarrow," Cyan yawned.

Yarrow wanted to say something, but his mind blanked under Cyan's gaze. One thing floated to the top of his mind like a bubble: "I'm not gonna pee the bed," said Yarrow, slurring solemnly. "I've never peed the bed. Ever."

"Well, if you need to, I brought in a bucket," yawned Cyan. "And anyway, Avi says it's okay if-" Yarrow fell back asleep before Cyan finished the sentence.

"It's not okay," said Avaris stiffly. "You didn't even know why you were there." She sat at Pia's kitchen table. Pia sat across from her. Rain pounded on the roof and water trickled almost musically down the outer walls. Avaris reminded herself that she was wearing her new "protective garment." It puffed out like a diaper, but it also worked as an extra petticoat under her simple blue-checked apron dress.

"Did you?" asked Pia, stirring her tea.

Avaris sighed, "It was right there in the paperwork I had to sign. The doctors insisted it was for taking tissue samples until after my flight trials."

"You had paperwork?" said Pia.

"It's the standard practice on the Haman Homeworld," Avaris replied. "My mother and I were both born there, and she made Grandfather agree to it."

"He was your dad's grandfather though, isn't he?" Pia pointed out. "So that would make him your great-grandfather?"

"Yeah, it's just custom to call the family elders things like 'grandfather,' 'auntie,' 'nuncle-'"

"Nuncle?" Saoirse interrupted from the couch, twisting to look over her shoulder. "Like a court jester?"

"I don't know, it's just the custom," Avaris sighed. "Didn't you live on the Andyne Homeworld for a year, Saoirse? You should know more than I do."

Saoirse abandoned all pretense of reading her book and sat up. "Yeah, but I went to Spoons and stayed in the campus dorms with other off-worlders. I went to a few native friends' houses, but none of them lived on a large family compound like yours."

"Oh, but you tried the speed d-..." Avaris stopped, blinking. "Did...did you try speed dating?" she asked Saoirse slowly. Across from Avaris, Pia tried to play off her surprise by sipping her tea, but she was still obviously blushing behind her mug.

"How do you know that?" Saoirse asked, less ruffled than Avaris thought she'd be.

"I don't...I didn't know I knew that until just now," said Avaris. Pia's expression relaxed a little despite how red her face was getting.

"Did you go through my medical history too? I know you saw Pia's," Saoirse pressed. "And possibly Mayra's."

"I saw Pia's on accident," Avaris protested. "And Mayra's records are viewable in the family archives because *she* was supposed to have died like twenty years ago!"

______________________________

Short chapter. Art next time.

*107*2024-04-03 00:06

Part 69:

Three Years Ago

"-Nucifera? Miss Nucifera?"

"I'm down here!" Avaris was under her airship, disconnecting her water hookup. She finished hurriedly, trying not to listen to the rush of the water before she closed the valve, and pulled her wings against her back when she stepped out of the lee of her ship into the cold wind. A nasty snowstorm was forecasted to hit that afternoon, and Avaris had been preparing for it all morning. She wore a long, heavy skirt, insulated leggings, and gloves under her warmest coat. It wasn't that warm, but she wasn't planning to be outdoors for long.

"Can you hover your ship into the hangar in about an hour? I have a bay cleared next to the office," said a grandfatherly Andyne man named Bracken. Bracken was a co-owner of Redwater Falls Docks, where Avaris was currently staying. His carefully maintained wings were black and yellow with two white stripes, and he wore a puffy coat over his beige coveralls.

Entering the hangar would be nerve-wracking. The hangar, which was average-sized for an airship repair hangar, loomed over the mountaintop for about half a kilometer. The cavernous structure had regular side doors, though all but one had been sealed in preparation for the oncoming snowstorm. Avaris would have to enter through the giant paneled doors at the distal end of the building and pilot the Limpet through to the other end.

Avaris had made herself a thermos of spiced cider to help stay warm during her morning activities and poured herself a mug before going into her bedroom to start up the navigation console for flight.

The console sat on a table by the wide bedroom window, taking longer than usual to warm up in the freezing temperatures. It had once had a swiveling chair in front of it, but that had been gone before Avaris bought the Limpet. In its place, she pulled up a folding chair. On a clear day, she could've had a nice view: the Redwater Falls Docks sat perched on the top of a mountain overlooking the Lesser Redwater Falls. The river feeding the falls was frozen solid, leaving an exposed rocky riverbed and an eerie silence to permeate the air instead of the usual constant roar. The vast distance was already hazy with heavy snow, which gained opacity as she watched.

Wearing leggings made Avaris more aware of the need to pee than usual, and she tried to go frequently to keep them dry. The cider wasn't filling her bladder as fast as usual, and the ship was ready to fly early despite the delay, so when she finished the thermos she got up and made another.

Fifteen minutes and two mugs of cider later, it was finally time to leave her spot. Avaris began the ascent and heard something thunk against the inside of the lower nacelles. Her stomach dropped, but the ship didn't.

Some of the dock workers helped wave Avaris through the vast hangar doors. They wore the same beige overalls as Bracken, and most of them had coats and face masks against the cold, hauling the last of their equipment indoors before the storm. Avaris was careful to fly at a distance from the workers, and once she was inside, she tried not to hover too close to the shadowy ceiling. The hangar was tall enough to accommodate most airship models, so the flight wasn't as cramped or difficult as she'd feared, but it didn't make flying in an enclosed space any less unnerving. Avaris tried not to notice the daylight from outside fading as the hangar doors closed behind her. It made her need to pee, but she tried to ignore it: the office, situated on the opposite end of the hangar, was only about two minutes away. Avaris would park her ship, thank Bracken, and hook up her power and water. It would take less than five minutes, then she'd have all night free for pee breaks.

The figure waiting for her, standing in the middle of the hangar, wasn't Bracken. Their wings looked like Bracken's wings with softer colors: the yellow was pale and the black on the ends of the wings faded to gray. Unlike Bracken, the figure wore a rose-colored top and jeans, and had long dark blue hair, pulled back into a low ponytail. Avaris didn't notice much about the person directing her until they raised their arms in the grainy monochrome camera feed, signaling her to stop backing up. They were female, shorter, slightly thinner, and significantly younger than Bracken, possibly his daughter or some other relative.

Avaris set the ship to hover a bit lower than usual so that her front door lined up with a catwalk along the wall, connecting to the mezzanine over the lobby that housed both the offices and Bracken's home. She wanted to relax and have a well-deserved bathroom break: sitting down had allowed her to ignore her bladder, and when she stood up she had to hurriedly clench up to avoid a leak. She almost let go at the sound of a knock at her front door.

The young woman who'd directed her stood outside and waved in a friendly way when Avaris looked out. She probably had something important to say, Avaris thought and opened the door.

"Hi!" said the young woman brightly. "I'm Sinningia. Sinni for short. Do you need help with your power and water?"

Avaris's bladder throbbed at the mention of water. "I've got it, but thanks," she said. Sinni followed her onto the catwalk and down a nearby set of stairs to the repair bay's hookups. Something didn't look right about the Limpet's electricity port, and Avaris's stomach dropped again when she realized what it was.

"My power cable," gulped Avaris. She realized that was what had fallen off on the way in.

"Do you need a spare? We have plenty," said Sinni helpfully. The wind howled outside.

"I should go out and check for it before the storm hits," said Avaris, hoping to get away from Sinni. While Avaris was there, she hooked up the water: it was much quicker than disconnecting it, and simply snapped into place.

"You were in site...fourteen, right?" Sinni asked. Avaris nodded. "That's right by the office. I could nip out and get it if it's still there."

Avaris finished and stepped back. "Thanks, but I can get it."

"Bracken wants me to tell you that tonight is no charge," said Sinni, walking with Avaris on her way to the front entrance doors. "That includes power and water. Just stay warm."

"Thank you, that's nice of him." Avaris meant it, but an involuntary leak sprung in her leggings. She was barely able to stop it and was glad to pause at the door. Sinni stopped next to her.

"Are you alright?" asked Sinni. Avaris could see her former site from the glass pane in the outer lobby door, but not the terrace underneath where she hoped her cable would be. The brief leak had relieved some pressure, so Avaris told herself firmly that she had time.

"I'm fine, I just have to make this quick," Avaris grunted, and pushed through the door. Sinni said something after her, but it was lost in the whistling, stinging wind. A bloom of heat in Avaris's leggings made her walk faster, but she knew it was too late before she reached the number fourteen spot. Avaris didn't want to pull down her leggings within sight of the lobby windows. She tried to work at her leggings on the way down the stairs to the lower terrace but couldn't separate her skirt and leggings in time. The cable lay on the ground next to the electrical port, but she didn't go for it right away: a gust of wind hit, and her bladder released a big hot gush under her skirt. Avaris hunched over, keeping her wings down, and darted forward to grab it anyway.

When she reached the top of the stairs again, Avaris noticed that she'd stopped wetting her pants. The urine soaked slowly through her leggings, and the warmth felt good in the relentless cold. It wouldn't show on the outside of her skirt, at least, Avaris told herself, sprinting toward the lobby doors. The clean, wood-paneled lobby looked gold, warm, and inviting. As Avaris approached the door, she worried briefly about leaking again on the clean floor.

The lobby door was locked. It made Avaris need to pee more despite the pressure release. She leaned from side to side to look in the lobby, but it was empty.

"There has to be a side door," Avaris moaned to herself. The thickening snow whited out the docks, and she tried to squint along the hangar. She tried to think of where the closest side door might be but found she couldn't concentrate while trying to hold her bladder. Avaris took one last look to confirm that the lobby was empty and stepped back, spreading her feet on the ground with grim determination. She closed her eyes, focused, and tried to relax. Just when she thought it wasn't working, she felt her groin twitch under her leggings and a pleasantly hot drip escaped into her panties. This was going to feel good, she thought, sighing.

The tinkle of a bell made Avaris open her eyes. Sinni stood in the lobby doorway, holding the door open.

"Sorry that took so long," said Sinni. Avaris clenched up just in time to stop the flood. Avaris tried to look casual on her way inside, but couldn't help waddling slightly in her damp leggings.

______________________________

Sinni is very loosely based off a pic of Shelley Duvall that I've always thought was pretty. I only noticed when I saw them side by side that she has the same top as the pic of Bellis with the stupid septagonal collar. Also I totally forgot her ponytail. Sinni and Bracken both have goldfinch wings, and basically I picture the Lesser Redwater Falls as Snoqualmie Falls.

&&

*108*2024-04-05 06:54

Part 70

"Oh no!" Sinni exclaimed, looking down in the direction of Avaris's skirt. For a split second, Avaris thought she'd let go without feeling it, but Sinni was looking at the cable in her hand. The ceramic end of the plug was cracked and dented from landing on the pavement, and one of the prongs was missing. "Hang on to that, I'll go find Bracken."

"Sinni, have you seen the date stamp lying around?... Oh, hi, Miss Nucifera," said Bracken, walking out of a back hallway with a clipboard. "Is that everyone indoors or gone home?" he asked Sinni.

"Affirmative," said Sinni. "Miss Nucifera needs a new power cable, though. Hers fell off on the way in."

Avaris's stomach twisted. She didn't know how long finding a new cable would take. She pressed her legs together and told herself firmly that the large leak outside had relieved enough pressure to give her more time. Her groin ached after clenching up at the last second when Sinni found her outside.

Bracken checked his clipboard. "I still have some administrative stuff to do. Daffodil, could you show Miss Nucifera to the supply room?"

"Sure thing. It's this way," said Sinni. Bracken gave Sinni his keys, and Sinni set off. Avaris followed, too confused to ask questions.

Sinni led Avaris back into the hangar. It seemed like the vast space would suck away any heat, but the walk to the supply room was warm.

"So uh...Sunny-" Avaris knew at once that was wrong. Her face felt hot.

"Sinni," corrected Sinni. "That's close, though. It's like 'Sunny' with some understandable typos. What do you need?"

"I um...I don't-" Avaris stammered. Her concentration was less effective than usual. "Why did Bracken call you Daffodil?"

"Well, you know, Daffodil's Garden," said Sinni. "The longest-running children's show on Andyne television? The main character is a puppet with blue hair, played by blue-haired child actors in live-action skits and segments."

"...Puppet?" Avaris wondered if the need to pee was making her delirious. The sharp smell of some fluid associated with airships emanated from a tall square building in the hangar wall with three wide doors set into the front in a vertical row. The door on the ground floor was the largest and had a standard-sized door next to it, while the two doors above sat floating in the wall, accessible by air raft.

"Not from the Homeworld either?" Sinni said. "Well, we get all the Homeworld channels here. I'll bring you the password later if you like."

Sinni disappeared into the supply room, taking Avaris's cable to reference its model number. Avaris had wanted to ask Sinni if the supply room had a bathroom, but Sinni was already gone.

"There has to be one somewhere," Avaris mumbled to herself, looking around. Next to the supply room was a designated air raft charging area, with four industrial hover platforms resting on charging cradles. Behind that on the wall was a sign marked "BATHROOM" over an arrow pointing to the outer back corner of the supply room.

Avaris weaved between the equipment and entered the back of the supply room. It opened to a small carpeted receiving area, off of which was a pair of bathrooms. Avaris leaked in anticipation and tried the first bathroom door: it was locked. She heard rather than felt a desperate squirt in her leggings and tried the other door. The lock clicked but caught and held the door fast. Avaris wanted to groan in frustration but knew she'd piss herself if she so much as breathed too hard. She waddled out the door, leaking with each step, and checked to see that she hadn't left any wet spots before letting the door shut behind her.

Glancing around to make sure she was alone in the dim, cavernous space, Avaris lifted her skirt and spread her feet. It took her body a few seconds to unclench, but once it did, an embarrassingly loud whooshing noise echoed off the walls. The release hurt her cramped abdominal muscles, and she couldn't help moaning, glad that Sinni wasn't there to hear it.

Avaris barely heard the footsteps until Sinni came running around the corner, pushing herself along faster with her wings. Her eyes widened when she saw Avaris, but she didn't stop running toward her.

"Oh, phew, it's just you," Sinni sighed. "I thought we had some kind of plumbing leak."

"If you tell me where the cleaning supplies are, I can mop this up," grunted Avaris, unable to stop the obnoxiously loud flow under her skirt. She hated herself for the moan in her voice, and the fact that she'd been caught, her skirt intentionally raised, flooding the clean floor-

"Don't worry about it," said Sinni, as though Avaris had done something inconsequential like knocking over some papers or bumping into a desk. "It happens around crunch time. I can't imagine how long you've been holding that much pee." The puddle around Avaris spread and spattered. "No wonder you were so impatient!"

Avaris took a deep breath. She was almost finished, and it was just starting to feel good. The worst of the cramps were slowly loosening. "Why was the bathroom locked?" she asked, exhaling slowly.

"I lock them after I turn the water off to remind myself where I've been. If we leave the water on and one of the heaters out here fails, a pipe could burst, and it would be days before anyone notices." Sinni looked over Avaris's shoulder at a small panel in the wall with a dial over it, showing what looked like a blue semicircle. "Someone must've turned it back on since I came through here, though..."

Sinni had to step around Avaris to get to the panel. She opened it, revealing a coiled water hose and a switch inside.

"I'll just hose everything into the drains here," said Sinni. A network of grooves in the floor ran under the cradled air rafts, meant to catch any fluid leaks from the equipment. "Do you know how to get back to your ship from here?"

"I do. Did you find the cable?" Avaris's heart was racing.

"It's on the railing of one of the rafts. I thought the um..." Sinni blushed. "Well, I didn't want it to get wet."

Avaris took about a minute to finally stop and stepped gingerly out of her puddle. She wanted to stay and help Sinni clean it up, but Sinni waved her away.

"You've already helped me enough. I wouldn't have noticed the water here was on if you hadn't scared me like that." Sinni blushed again. "I'll have more to do after I rinse down the floor, and you probably want to change your clothes."

Avaris shut her front door. Having thoroughly emptied her bladder, she felt good, especially since she'd gotten out of sight of Sinni. She didn't dislike Sinni, but Sinni was so attentive and chatty that it was hard to relax.

Avaris took a long hot shower after she got undressed. The cold seemed to have seeped into her limbs despite her layers and she stayed under the hot water until she'd warmed up. Afterward, she bundled up in her warmest sweats and the disposable "protective garment" she should've been wearing when she wet herself. It added some extra insulation.

She sat down at her front room table with her laptop and found that the network connection was better than usual, as both Sinni and Bracken had attested. There was a new email from her mother: she'd forwarded a piece of mail for Avaris from the labs at the Grace Harbor Medical Center and hoped it would get to her before the storm hit. Avaris's mother seemed to think it was important enough to send along and said she hadn't opened it.

"Probably the blood drive program again," Avaris snorted to herself. She couldn't give blood because of her medical history, but that didn't stop the hospital mailing list from sending blood drive reminders and newsletters every few months. She'd have to call them to clear this up again: she thought she'd had it taken care of the previous year. She'd have plenty of time to call them in the next few days though.

A knock came at the door about ten minutes later. Avaris thought she'd be annoyed to see Sinni again, but she found herself relieved that Sinni was still friendly after what had happened next to the supply room.

"You look so cute and cozy," Sinni commented, holding out a piece of paper taped to an envelope bearing the Grace Harbor Medical Center stamp in the corner. On the paper was a string of symbols and letters in blue ink: the password to the cable service with the Andyne channels. "I can help you log in if you like," offered Sinni.

Sinni insisted on entering the password and staying to show Avaris an episode of Daffodil's Garden, so Avaris examined the envelope while she waited. Scribbled under the address was "Re: Williams, Cassiopeia, Phys: The Destructor, Azri." She opened it while Sinni scrolled through Andyne kids' shows.

The tests showed...Avaris squinted at the small print. She couldn't understand most of it: the list of conditions included one or two that she had, and the genetic analysis listed the subject as 24% Andyne, 37% Human, 29% Haman, and 12% "Undetermined." The test, whatever it was for, wasn't hers.

"It took me a while to remember your name," Avaris told Pia. "I requested a copy of my history over email and yours came attached with all the other documents. I had to call them, and I couldn't convince them that we were separate people. I had to physically go in a few months later."

"I remember Azri getting frustrated over those tests," said Pia. "In the end, she found a lab in the Irontown Weem that could do everything we needed."

"What's a weem?" asked Avaris, grateful to talk about something else.

Pia replied, "I've been to a few on catering contracts. Bun told me that they're mainly Amphibious underground settlements with big air-filled spaces. They're popular as event venues for Andyne business groups."

"How long were you in catering?" Avaris was relieved to have the pressure taken off herself. She'd emptied her bladder before she left her place, and it was already starting to get naggingly full.

__________________________________________________

Long chapter and I drew Bellis and Helly today. It looks like Bellis is staring at Helly's chest, which wasn't intended but meh, he likes them anyway. Also their background is the bi flag; most Andynes are bi, but they have weird social conventions on the homeworld and don't tend to talk about it unless they're with someone they know well. Or they're on an off-world business trip and putting smiley faces on cups.

&&

*110*2024-04-06 18:03

{{10 hours ago, Justin20 said:

I'm shocked at the quality of the writing, setting, characters, artwork... really, everything. I desperately wish that I could write with such quality and frequency. This is fantastic!

}}

Thank you! ❤️ I always love hearing that others enjoy my writing.

*111*2024-04-12 10:37

Part 71:

The rain only increased as the afternoon wore on. The conversation drifted, and Pia wasn't entirely sure how it got to restaurant reviews.

"The stubby guy - what's his name, Pia? Bellend?" Saoirse asked, blushing when she realized what she'd said. "Er...uh...Bellad...donna?"

"Bellis," Pia yawned.

"Bellis judges you if you order Point noodles without any spice, but they're pretty authentic," Saoirse continued. "They put a smiley face on Mayra's drink too."

Avaris blinked. She looked as sleepy as Pia felt, but she was also fidgeting like she needed to pee. Pia felt like she could go too, but it wasn't urgent.

"Umm...smiley faces?" Avaris asked, sitting up stiffly. Pia could tell she was getting ready to do something, but not what.

"They want to rendezvous with her," sighed Saoirse. "You did say you're not from the homeworld."

"Really?" Avaris took a deep breath.

"You know, there's a bathroom here," Saoirse said. "You don't need to use the diaper." Avaris winced and crossed her legs. "Pia, would you be up for a rendezvous with Miss Avaris?"

Both Avaris and Pia knew what that meant, and locked eyes, blushing.

Pia gulped, "Do you um...want to, Avaris?"

"It would help alleviate your problem, and you'd come out of it with a dry diaper if we hurry," said Saoirse in a way that felt very Andyne to Pia.

"I just threw it out there," said Saoirse, smiling. "To be honest I'm a little surprised you both said yes. Is this your first group rendezvous too, Avaris?"

Avaris was far past the point of wetting herself, but in her shyness, she couldn't seem to let go. "Yeah."

Avaris stood in Pia's shower while Saoirse and Pia removed her clothes. Saoirse had kneeled in front of her and was pulling down her "protective garment."

Pia stood behind Avaris, helping unfasten the back of her dress. She shivered as Pia smoothed the feathers at the base of her wings. Under other circumstances, thought Avaris, her insides going cold, they might have been Pia's wings. The chill cut through her nerves and she let out an unexpected burst of piss all over Saoirse's front, moments after she'd tossed aside the (mostly) dry protective garment.

"Sorry-" Avaris panted, clenching up. Pia removed her dress and set it on the sink before returning and slipping her hands around Avaris's waist.

Saoirse grinned up at her. "No need. I'm looking forward to more."

"Avaris, may I um..." Pia floundered. Avaris looked at her over her shoulder. "May I try oral? I'd like to get some practice in."

"You sure? She's still really full," said Saoirse, hugging Avaris's lower half and rubbing her butt with both hands. She put just enough pressure on Avaris's bladder to make her squirm.

"I asked because I was sure," Pia replied. "And much as I love you, Sersh, I was asking Avi. It's her pussy."

Avaris's heart leaped. "Yes...I mean if you don't mind getting peed on," she said. "You should probably take your dress off." Pia stepped around her, disrobed, and retrieved a folding beach chair from a storage cupboard next to the washer and dryer. Avaris sat in it and leaned back, scooting her butt forward as Pia directed her to spread her legs on the tile floor. Saoirse took Pia's former spot behind Avaris while Pia settled between Avaris's legs. Avaris's heart raced and her pussy twitched as Saoirse began kissing her neck.

"Where would you like me to start?" asked Pia, lowering her face. Avaris felt her warm breath on the quivering lips of her vulva.

"Anywhere is fine," Avaris whimpered.

"How do you feel about using fingers and touching your butthole?" Saoirse breathed into Avaris's ear.

Pia kissed Avaris at the top of her vulva and let her tongue out to explore Avaris'a hard clit. Her mouth felt pleasantly hot, and Avaris twitched again, desperately trying not to let go.

"F-fingers are fine. Let's skip butt stuff for now," moaned Avaris. Pia lapped slowly and began using her fingers to play with Avaris's labia.

"She's really worked up," Saoirse purred between kisses down Avaris's neck, her hand cupping Avaris's boob. Avaris could feel her bladder letting go and tried not to squirm while Pia lapped faster and let a finger slip inside.

Avaris's body felt hot, and she let go practically in Pia's mouth. Saoirse held Avaris in place while she strained and bucked, and while Pia couldn't keep her face in place with Avaris moving so much, she continued with her fingers. She didn't seem to mind that she was getting sprayed.

Avaris flopped back in the chair after what felt like several minutes. Her head would've banged on the back of the chair, but Saoirse caught it.

"If we do this again, I want to eat you out next time," Saoirse purred. Pia sat on her haunches between Avaris's thighs, lazily stroking the length of Avaris's vulva. It made Avaris twitch every so often.

"So-..." Avaris gasped. "So much for...staying dry." She hadn't been this out of breath since her first few rendezvouses with Sinni.

"Keeping your clothes dry, specifically," said Pia. "And we did that."

"What about your clothes?" wheezed Avaris. She hadn't fully emptied her bladder during her orgasm and felt the urge to pee welling up again.

Pia leaned forward on Avaris's thigh, tracing the pale scars there further upward. "You asked me to take them off, remember? They're with your clothes by the sink."

"I have to pee again," Avaris panted. "Did you want to move-"

Saoirse was suddenly gone from Avaris's side and cozying up to Pia between Avaris's thighs. Avaris felt a pang of guilt at how wet Saoirse's clothes were.

Saoirse kissed Pia's neck and fondly watched her stroke Avaris's swollen vulva. Avaris spread her legs when the urge to pee neared, and let Pia try and aim her lips.

"You two are sickeningly sweet, you know that?" Avaris's voice ended with a sigh. She felt a swell of warmth before the pressure was released, and Pia wrangled the powerful spray down to her breasts.

"This is why Lady has a crush on you, you know," said Saoirse, playing with Pia's boobs in the stream.

Cyan stared up at the overhead projection. The message had faded, but the red letters still glowed against the glaring white from the whiteboard.

"'Give me your wings?'" Cyan read aloud. "'Me?' Who's 'Me?'"

Cyan looked down: they were wearing Pia's catering shirt and the lotus pants. Oddly, the shirt Cyan wore was for andynes and had an open back. "But this is Pia's shirt. She doesn't have wings," they said aloud, running their fingers over the embroidered catering logo.

The door to the hallway opened and Yarrow ambled in. "That's not exactly a mystery," he yawned, stretching. "They wanted to..." he stopped mid-stretch and clutched his stomach. "Where's the nearest bathroom?"

"In Avi's front room," Cyan answered, walking up to Yarrow and taking his hand. "This is a dream."

The second part didn't seem to register with Yarrow. "It's not far, is it?"

Cyan led Yarrow out of the room, hoping that they could find some way to wake at least one of them up.

"How are you feeling, Yarrow?" asked Cyan. The school hallway outside dissolved into an office hallway. Outside the windows, a remote, tranquil lake shimmered in the sun.

"I mostly just need to um..." Yarrow blushed and stopped walking. "There has to be a bathroom here. Where are we?"

"World Sleeper's facility, I think," Cyan glanced around. "Yarrow, we're both asleep. I don't even know if you're really you, or just a copy of you in my head."

Yarrow blinked. "Am I?"

"It could be *your* dream too," Cyan pointed out. "How does Azri get in?"

"I don't know," said Yarrow, rocking on his heels. "She just shows up. When she leaves, she goes through a door. If there isn't a door, she just sort of...thinks it into the dream."

"How?" Cyan led Yarrow to the nearest door, a wide set of double doors stenciled with the words "LAKE ACCESS." This wasn't right at all, Cyan thought, pushing it open. They thought they could hear water rushing somewhere far off.

_________________________________

Posting this because I did an art. But that's for next chapter.

*112*2024-04-18 02:31

Part 72:

Cyan and Yarrow stepped into a greenly lit night.

"Segoe?" said Cyan slowly. As promised by the sign, they were outside, next to a lake.

"This was where I met Azri," Yarrow informed Cyan. "Want to go on the rafts?"

There weren't any doors on the rafts. "How about the Haunted House?" Cyan asked. That place was all doors. Cyan could wake Yarrow, get him over the bucket, and everything would stay dry, they thought a little frantically.

Yarrow seemed to consider it for a moment. "Can we go on the pirate ship after?"

"Of course," said Cyan, feeling a little bad for rushing their friend out of the dream.

The two of them started walking, and Cyan noted that the scenery seemed to be passing slowly. Cyan noticed every little desperate grunt and twitch Yarrow made, and it stressed them out little by little.

"Do you think it'll break down again?" Yarrow asked. There was no attendant, and instead of the decorated boxcar with the peeling black paint, the car was plain and black, with a high, rounded back and a plain front railing that folded down in their laps. The ride's belt pulled them through the ominous doorway. Instead of the dusty old haunted house, they rounded a corner into howling, creaking darkness.

The rounded black buggy emerged into a long corridor containing most of the vestiges of a haunted house hallway. A suit of armor rattled, dusty gas lamps flickered eerily, and the cobwebs danced in the air currents.

"This isn't the same haunted house, is it?" Yarrow said, staring at a floating candlestick.

"It's bigger than the ride was," agreed Cyan. "It seems like more of a mansion." A clock chimed, and they passed what looked like a seance at an empty table, with a woman's head floating in the oversized crystal ball. Cyan thought it was corny until they noticed it was Avi's head. For a second, Cyan thought she was looking at them, but her eyes went unfocused and she moaned.

"She's really worked up," said Saoirse's voice. One of Saoirse's catlike ears came into view while she kissed Avi's neck.

"Oh my," Yarrow gulped. Their car swiveled to face the crystal ball as they skirted the scene, giving a three-dimensional effect to Avi's image. Her chest was heaving and a hand caressed her breast.

"That's Miss Nucifera," Yarrow gasped. "What was she d-"

The car swiveled again into total darkness, and Yarrow drew closer to Cyan. Another swivel revealed a dazzlingly bright ballroom where ghosts - reflections on glass, Cyan knew, but something wasn't quite right about them in this dream. The specters danced, dined, flew around, and reveled on the chandelier. A few of them noticed the riders and waved. Cyan waved back sheepishly and Yarrow followed suit, crossing his legs behind the car's front guard. Cyan's stomach did an anxious somersault. They needed to wake up.

"How much longer is this ride?" Yarrow asked, shuffling his wings anxiously behind him. The car swiveled again, and they passed through a short stretch of blackness into a cobweb-festooned attic. "I think I need to use the fake graveyard again."

The car swiveled backward, tipping back about forty-five degrees, giving them a view of sparkling stars and bare tree branches with red-eyed ravens cackling at them. Neither Cyan nor Yarrow had been ready for it, and Yarrow twisted his legs together tighter with a noise between a moan and a grunt.

"Can you hold it until we wake up?" Cyan asked, thinking hard to try and make a door appear. The car drifted sideways, approaching a sudden dead end to the track. The graveyard was much larger than the haunted house at the festival, overgrown and full of realistic-looking cracked headstones, wrought-iron fences, and looming mausoleums. The fog flowed and settled creepily around the scenery, different from the clinging damp fog Cyan had seen at the festival's haunted house.

"I can't," whispered Yarrow. Cyan tried desperately to think a door into existence. "I'm so sorry."

The car rounded another corner into a particularly overgrown clearing, dominated by a large stone monument, and came to an abrupt but gentle stop. Cyan didn't know this "haunted mansion" but felt somehow that this area was off-script. The faux-stone slab before them was large enough to be a door.

"You don't need to be sorry," said Cyan, jumping out of the seat and making a dash for the grave. They immediately started pushing on the sides to find the door. It felt like real stone, and Cyan remembered the name carved into the front from the small styrofoam headstone Yarrow had pissed on in the festival's haunted house. It had an epitaph added this time.

"My other..." Yarrow shuffled up next to Cyan, squinting at it in the dimness. Both hands were clamped between his legs and his wings were tight against his back. "My other car is a...broom?" he read aloud. Shaking, he lowered the front of his pants. Cyan started to panic.

"Avi, why are you letting Yarrow sleep here if you know he's going to wet the bed?" Cyan had asked, standing at the bedroom door with the mop bucket while Avi put on her sandals to go to Pia's.

"My sheets and bedding have been waterproof or extra absorbent since before I moved out on my own," said Avi. "If you end up changing the sheets before I get back, I'd appreciate it if you wiped down the mattress before putting on new ones."

Yarrow had seemed to think Avi would make him leave. "So it's okay?"

Avi shrugged and stood up. "It's not ideal, but it's fine. Do you know where everything is?"

There was a long moment of silence. Cyan could hear dripping coming from Yarrow and felt the knot of anxiety in their stomach loosen.

"I saw that flashback," Yarrow commented, swaying a little on his feet. One hand came up and rubbed at his temples. "Hey Cy, are there any laws against dumping out dagger root drinks? I'm not gonna finish that festival freeze thing." The drip around Yarrow's feet quickened.

"I don't know...I need to go too," said Cyan. As they stood next to Yarrow, soft blue lights illuminated the clearing around them. Cyan didn't have to pull their pants down: both they and Yarrow were suddenly naked. Yarrow didn't even seem to notice, watching the lights throw the engravings on the monument into sharp relief. A large birthmark stood out across his right side, a dark red blotch in the growing light, and the reluctant stream of piss sparkled straight downward into a puddle on the artificially leaf-strewn ground. Both he and Cyan were a little swollen from holding it, and Cyan let go with unexpected ease.

Cyan's stomach did a pleasant backflip when they looked up and saw that Yarrow was watching. His hair looked more blue than gray in the light.

"You look even more like a Daffodil now," Cyan blurted out.

Yarrow sighed, stepped closer to Cyan, and placed a hand on Cyan's upper arm. "Cy," he said seriously, if a little unsteadily. Cyan could smell the festival freeze on his breath. "Daffodils are yellow."

"I meant the show," said Cyan. "I used to watch it on Saturday mornings when I lived in..." For a split second, Cyan was someone else. She was ten, up before everyone else on a weekend morning. She'd wrapped herself in a fluffy blue blanket because this place was so cold, and glanced at the window, crunching on a bowl of dry cereal - Apple Mummy. It didn't taste like apples at all, she thought, watching the freezing clouds flow sluggishly over the raindrop-shaped structures that made up her current home. The memory melted away, the theme song for Daffodil's Garden playing in the background. Cyan found themself back in the artificial graveyard and ran a hand through their green hair. The girl they'd just been had had long green hair.

"That was a weird one," said Yarrow. His flow had picked up to a steady stream, and Cyan noticed his wings relaxing behind him.

Cyan snorted. "As weird as us relieving ourselves on someone's fake grave? Whose name is this?"

"I don't know, but someone must really hate them," Yarrow grunted. He stumbled and the arc of urine hit Cyan's foot. Cyan didn't feel it there; their brain kicked in and reminded them that they were lying down, asleep, and-

"It's gonna be like waking up in a swimming pool," Cyan said to themself, stretching.

"Hm?" yawned Yarrow.

"Oh, we're asleep, remember?" Cyan yawned and aimed upward at the engraved name to see what would happen. It got wet like any flat stone surface, but soaking that name was oddly satisfying. "It'll probably absorb into the sheets before we wake up though."

"What will?" Yarrow asked slowly. His eyes widened. "You're...you're in bed with me?"

Cyan shrugged. They had to concentrate to keep their flow going.

"Cyan, we need to wake up, right now," said Yarrow. "I don't know if the dagger root can hurt you, but if you wash-"

Cyan woke up.

____________________________________________

I think the Haunted Mansion does photos? Also this isn't *from* the chapter but if they had that area with the mirrors, they would've got Avaris as a ghost. If I was confident that I could get the proper ghost effect down I would've drawn more of her, but I barely got the spacing to look okay for Yarrow's wings. Also Cyan has that goofy haircut in their dreams. And I did look at a ride-through video of the Haunted Mansion from 2023 for a lot of this.

&&

*113*2024-04-21 00:02

Part 73:

After May finished her first call, she was surprised to receive another from Helly at Hyachna's Shins.

"Pia said her brother and his um...partner?" Helly had paused like a child who'd said a bad word to a teacher. May didn't react, so Helly pushed on: "Well, Belly and I think a group rendezvous would be a good chance to meet them if everyone is up for it."

May bit her lip, taking a moment to mentally sift through the Homeworld social nonsense for any meaning she might've missed. Her head was swimming a little, and she was glad that she'd diluted her drink. She slipped out of her robe and set her cup on the side of the bathtub. The water was hotter than she'd expected, so she sat on the corner and soaked her legs and feet, swishing them idly in the water like she had when she was a kid.

"She said Cyan was her brother?" May said, in case it made any more sense out loud than in her head. She picked up her drink and took another sip. Even with a pleasant buzz, she felt uneasy about what she would have to do later.

Del sat at Clay's desk, seething. The conversation with Digitalis had ended positively, but after the call, Del's mind returned to Digitalis's flying trials. The family elders had held a vote, singling Digitalis out for being half-human, and decided that he was ineligible for full family membership through the flight trials. Del wasn't sure exactly what was said to Digitalis: he'd been vague about it, almost as if to protect her. Hot anger burned in Del's belly, closing her off from everything else until Althea nudged her shoulder and handed her a water bottle.

"I remembered it this time!" Althea said. "Clay's finished with the radio. The nearest bathroom is just up the hall."

Del stood up and left the office with Althea, striding toward the outer door instead of the bathroom. Before Del knew it, she was outside again. She vaguely recalled that she and Althea had left Clay in the maintenance room with Alvin, discussing something related to potted plants.

"I'm going to take a walk," said Del, unaware she was talking until she said it. Once she did, though, it was a relief to have said it. "I need to be alone."

"At night?" asked Althea. A wading bird trumpeted across the water. Del noticed that it didn't sound like the bird calls she'd heard on the night she'd arrived. She didn't know what to think about it, so she pushed it to the back of her mind.

"If I get lost, this place is easy to spot from the air," Del turned toward the lake, and her bladder gave a nagging throb. The water sparkled beneath a pair of mismatched moons, one a pale blue gibbous and the other a skinny white grin.

Althea stepped in front of Del and took her hands, gently squeezing them. "Be safe, alright?"

Del had the sudden urge to pull down her waistband and relieve herself right there, all down Althea's front. She had to go so badly...instead, she hastily parted from Althea and hurried down the hill. The path was wide and relatively straight, so Del made a split-second decision and started running. Air conditions weren't the best, but she needed a distraction. Being in the air would make holding it much easier, and when Del landed, she'd take...maybe not the longest piss of her life, but it would be up there, she thought. Her feet pounded on the concrete dock when she reached it, and she started flapping her wings just before the dropoff. Her toes brushed the water as her wings caught the air, beating hard until she got high enough above the trees for a comfortable glide.

The World Sleepers facility's security lights were easy to see from the air. The road, snaking away from World Sleepers in both directions, didn't have any lights, but Del could easily make it out in the light of Ud's third moon. The third moon had been hidden behind the residential wing back on the ground, but now that she had a clear view of the sky, it loomed large above her in its half-moon phase. The moon was tan with dark stripes and some thinner, light blue rings and its surface seemed to have an odd smooth texture. Del remembered reading in some touristy pamphlets on the bus ride to World Sleepers that Ud had a gas moon. Del hadn't seen all three in the sky during her time there; a world having two or moons was relatively rare, but gas moons had to be even rarer. Del wished she'd paid more attention in secondary school Planetary Science class.

The huge half-moon hung over Del and she flew faster, almost like she could get away from it. She knew it didn't work that way, and flew a few loops before curving back toward World Sleepers. If she turned northeast, she could get to the coast in about six hours. Del wasn't dressed for that, though; her fingers were already numb in the cold, wet wind. She looked forward to landing: it would be warmer on the ground.

The lake seemed to glow faintly from beneath in the combined light of the three moons, and Del spotted the stone jetty that she and Althea had visited what felt like years ago instead of just a few days. Del descended, looped low over the rocky beach, and touched down at the base of the jetty. It took four long bounds to stop completely, and Del hooked her thumbs in the waistband for the last step. She landed neatly on the end of the jetty and pushed down the front of her pants just in time. A hard, relentless flow gushed out over the soughing waves, making only an initial splash before the sound was lost in the breeze over the water.

Del gave a shaky, ungainly groan of relief and stretched her wings. Her voice echoed, but she didn't mind. Nobody except Alvin would be outdoors at this hour. If he was even required to do that with so few people staying at the facility. Del sighed and leaned back on her heels. It took her a second to realize that the glow on the lake, which she'd assumed was some odd property of the gas moon, was coming from under the lake's surface. The light brightened in a way that felt stealthy, and a hulking rounded shape rose noiselessly out of the water beside the jetty only about a meter away from Del. She couldn't slow or stop herself peeing, she thought vaguely, watching the dripping shape rise further, stopping at a standard half-meter hover over the water's surface. The light had been coming from a rounded porthole window, now blocked by a face.

A metal ramp extended smartly from the strange watercraft and a door opened. Feeble yellow light framed a figure, who looked Del up and down from the doorway.

"*You're* not Clay."

Del's eyes acclimated to the light and the shadow in front of her came into focus: it was a tall Amphibious woman with curly green hair in loose asymmetrical plats that hung down past her elbows. Strangely for an Amphibious person who'd just been underwater, she was dry and wore clothing. Her eyes were bright pink, reflecting faintly in the gloom. Her stance changed, and Del was suddenly aware that she was vulnerable, still relieving herself off the end of the jetty.

"Who are you then?" the woman growled. Del tensed up, not knowing whether she should try to fly away or jump in the water and swim away. Amphibious people were monstrously strong; Del didn't know why, but always thought it had something to do with how fast they had to move in the water. Swimming away could be a bad idea, but there had to be a reason the woman was staying dry-

The Amphibious woman broke Del's train of thought. "Are you Nelumbo Nucifera?" Her eyes flashed.

"Keyana!" called another voice. Del's flow was mercifully slowing, and for the first time, it occurred to her that she could try for some modesty. She pulled her wings around herself.

A light set of footsteps ran up behind Del, and she craned to look over her shoulder. She was surprised to see-

"Clay." The woman jumped down and met Clay further up the jetty. "Who the fuck is this?"

Clay looked up at Del, who waved lamely. Her bladder was still draining somehow, and she pushed on it. It didn't do anything. Despite everything, it felt good and her body was starting to relax.

"That's Delphinium," said Clay in a crisp, formal way. "She's a friend."

Del almost felt warm and fuzzy about that, until her hand brushed her penis. Her hands were still icy cold and partially numb from the flight. It made her shiver, and she desperately hoped Clay and his associate wouldn't notice.

"Delphinium, this is Keyana. She's agreed to help me with a uh..." Clay glanced at Keyana. Del's neck was beginning to strain from looking over her shoulder, so she turned slightly, dripping on the jetty with one wing screening her middle.

"Delphinium Liliaceae?" asked Keyana, looking Del in the eye. Del nodded awkwardly. She was almost finished and willed herself to pee faster. "Althea messaged me about you. Asked if she could give you my info."

"Did you um..." Del gulped.

"I said yes. I wasn't expecting to meet you so soon." To Del's mild horror, Keyana approached her. "I'm Dr. Keyana Moss. Can we not touch palms?"

Del squeaked, "Of course. I'm almost done, I promise."

"Don't rush on my account," Keyana said, turning up the ramp right before she reached Del. She brought out what appeared to be an empty paper shopping bag.

Finishing, Del hastily pulled up the front of her pants again, only for a last trickle of urine to escape down one leg. She pretended not to notice and turned around as Keyana handed Clay the bag.

____________________________________________

The power went out, so I spent the time it was out on my laptop battery, editing this chapter. On my day off I tried something new with my art, using Yarrow as the subject. I made some dots of different colors at full saturation, turned my tablet black and white, and drew and colored Yarrow.

&&

&&

*115*2024-04-21 17:59

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

I really like how the colored version turned out

}}

Thanks ❤️ The colors did turn out really fun.

*117*2024-05-02 18:22

{{8 hours ago, Stanley79 said:

I can't track so many characters. But I love the rhythm and word images.

}}

Thanks. It's a weird chapter; Keyana is from one of my older short stories, posted elsewhere. Chib is getting toward the end so there's only one character left that I'm going to add. They're more of a floating specimen in a jar though. Is it a spoiler to say that Mayra and Del are just the same person at different ages?

*118*2024-05-03 00:04

Part 74:

"What are you doing out here, Delphinium?" asked Clay.

Del tried not to blush. "I...felt like I needed to stretch my wings."

Clay's face fell a little. "You fly beautifully. I hate that we might have to take that away from you."

Del sighed. She inwardly debated snapping at him but took a deep breath instead.

Keyana leaned over toward Clay, close enough that he stepped back a bit. "What's this about?" she mumbled.

"Nelumbo wants Delphinium's wings," Clay said aloud with an apologetic glance at Del. Keyana looked Del up and down again. "Althy and I are working on diagnosing her with something that'll allow her to keep her wings without giving up her flying."

"Why lie? Have you thought of simply telling him no, Miss Liliaceae?" Keyana asked, directing the question to Del.

It flustered Del a little to be referred to as "Miss" in that brisk, confident tone of voice, and it made her fumble her thoughts for a few seconds. She took a breath to speak, but Clay was a little faster.

"Kiki, do you really think Nelumbo Nucifera would take no for an answer? It hasn't been *that* long since you've visited the Andyne Homeworld," Clay sighed.

"I suppose, but saying no couldn't hurt, could it?" Keyana glanced between Clay and Del. Some of the certainty in her face drained away. "Could it?"

The three of them spoke for the next few minutes, and Keyana gave Del her information. "I'll be back with the rest of Clay's uh...items...in two days, same time, same place," she told Del, boarding the ramp. "If you can spare about an hour, I can sign you on as a patient and take some samples. Do you mind needles?"

Del's heart was racing. She reigned in her excitement: this was almost too good to be true. "Like...for injections?"

"For a blood sample," said Keyana. "I'll need samples of blood, urine, saliva, and-"

Clay cleared his throat.

Keyana rolled her eyes. "-a reproductive tract kit. Seriously, Clay?"

Clay's face turned pink. In the pale moonlight, it didn't clash as much with his hair as usual. "This seems like something a patient might be...private about."

"You're a doctor, you've taken the same samples for your patients," Keyana pointed out. "It's standard procedure."

"Kiki, it's about Delphimium's privacy. I'm not just being a prude," Clay said firmly. "I know you're used to people being more open about it, but not everyone is."

"Point taken," said Keyana. "Didn't you want to check on Scraps?" Keyana hopped down from the ramp and let Clay board her small vessel.

"I apologize if that was out of line, Delphinium," said Keyana. "Would you like to keep our doctor-patient interactions private?"

"Yes, please," Del said in a small voice.

Keyana gave her a professional nod. "Alright. We won't have much to talk about until we get your test results back from the lab. That's way back east in Poverty Bay, so it'll take a while." She seemed apologetic, which didn't bode well.

"How long is 'a while'?" Del asked, clinging to a thread of optimism. She mentally braced herself for something like "ten years." The procedure just to sign up for gender-affirming care on the Andyne Homeworld was elaborate and demeaning, and sometimes it took more than eight years just to get a callback to schedule their first appointment. If the process was ten years in Ud, Del hoped it would at least be simpler than it was on the Homeworld and wouldn't require sponsorship from a parent or family elder.

"It could be as long as two weeks," Keyana said. "You know, with the extended holiday weekend in three days. Even if we sent the samples in today, it'd take more than a week to get the results."

Del felt lightheaded. She couldn't help taking another glance at Keyana's hovercraft.

"It's bigger on the inside," said Keyana.

"Really?"

Keyana snorted, "No. It's cramped, but it's home. I don't like getting wet, and my little Conodont is small enough to fit most under-land canals and arterials." She patted the matte black hull. "It doesn't have an airlock, but that gives me more living space and an excuse not to swim." Del nodded along awkwardly. "Meet me here, same time same place, in forty-eight hours. Bring a full bladder - at least full enough for your sample."

"What about the um..." Del crossed her hands in front of her crotch. "The RTK kit?" Depending on the patient's genitals, an RTK, or reproductive tract kit, was either a seminal fluid sample or a small semi-absorbent collection device, worn for a few hours.

"Will that be a problem?" asked Keyana. "I can assist if you need me to."

Del blinked. "N-no...but...can I do that in the bushes or something?"

"Of course. Whatever you need to get 'in the zone.'" Keyana winked. Behind her, Clay emerged from the hovercraft, clutching the bag to his chest. "How's Scraps doing, Clay?"

"The unit is holding. He should be fine until we transfer him to a larger one," said Clay.

"Scraps?" said Del, regretting it the second it came out of her mouth.

"He's one of the chib babies...er...C-h1B, the way Clay pronounces it," Keyana said offhandedly. Del couldn't help looking confused, and Keyana added, "You know, like Althea's daughter."

The color drained from Clay's face. He tried to speak and made a strangled noise.

"She..." Keyana winced and turned back to Del. "I don't think I was supposed to say that. You've met Althea's daughter, right?"

"Sort of, but not..." Del's mind was racing. The safest option was usually to play dumb, but it wouldn't work here. "Is there more than one?"

Keyana and Clay exchanged a glance. "Is there any reason not to tell her?" Keyana asked after a long moment.

"She's meeting with one of Nelumbo's corporate goons tomorrow." Clay turned to Del. "They moved it up to ten in the morning today, by the way."

"When did you find that out?" asked Del.

"Alvin got the memo while we were in my office," said Clay. "You and Althy left before he could give you the printout."

Neither Del nor Clay wanted to climb the cliffs on the beach to save five minutes after Keyana left, so they took the abandoned logging trail.

"I still have some things to do before I turn in, so I'm going back inside," said Clay. "Alvin will be in the maintenance room. Did you want to stop in with me, or should I just tell him I told you?"

"I'll go in," Del yawned. "It'll be useful to have the printout, and we're already taking the long way back."

They approached the maintenance room door near Clay and Althea's offices, and Alvin let them in. Another sports game echoed over the small tinny radio on Alvin's folding table, and he seemed to have given up on his game of solitaire.

"There you are, Del." Alvin strode across the room to his small folding table. Meanwhile, Clay passed through the room and opened the door that exited into the hospital wing. "Stay safe, Big C," Alvin told Clay. "I'll check on you in an hour."

Del considered asking where Clay was going, but she had to face her father's family's corporate goons in roughly seven hours and decided it would be best not to know too much. She could always ask later, she figured, looking up just in time for Alvin to hand her the paper.

"They moved it to the patient lounge for some reason," said Alvin, sitting back down at his table. He started gathering up his playing cards. Del looked at the paper and confirmed that her appointment was at ten in the patient lounge.

"It's as private as anywhere here, I guess," Del said. "When was the last time this place even had a patient?"

"The last one left..." Alvin counted on his fingers. "Six months ago. It's been three years since the last time this place was fully staffed; World Sleepers is sort of an oubliette now, where WS sends people they want to forget about."

That made a sickening amount of sense, Del thought. She excused herself and started for the door while Alvin dealt himself a game of free cell.

"The sliding door in the rec room is unlocked, by the way," he said after Del. "I never lock it."

The walk up the hill was brisk, pleasant, and lit by the gas moon now directly overhead. Del was able to get in through the rec room, where she pointedly didn't look at Althea's former couch and took the stairs up to Althea's room instead of an elevator.

____________________________________________________

I did something I wasn't expecting to do this chapter - I incorporated the title into the story. Now I can be like "yeah it makes sense eventually!" Pic is Clay. He's just a lil' guy so he likes his bulky sweaters.

&&

*120*2024-05-03 19:57

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

"I promise the title makes sense if you read the whole story."

}}

Or if they flip to the end. 😛 And this isn't even the end yet; it could end abruptly - I'm thinking about having the large group rendezvous with Helly and Bellis as the beginning of the next one instead of the end of this one. If I end up doing the former, this story could end maybe 10+ chapters quicker. But that's 10+ chapters getting written in the next one so it's the same amount of writing either way.

*121*2024-05-20 23:37

Part 75:

It wasn't like waking up in a swimming pool: contrary to the dream, Cyan had only just let go. Next to Cyan, Yarrow jolted upright and let loose a loud, whooshing burst under the blankets. Cyan felt themself flooding their shorts while Yarrow sleepily pawed at his pants and freed his dick. It was swollen enough to stick up and fire a neat arch straight ahead onto the duvet. He was about to steer it off the bed, but Cyan stopped him.

"No, keep it on the bed, remember?" Cyan yawned. "We just wash the sheets and wipe down the mattress."

"Oh yeah..." Yarrow rubbed his eyes and picked up the yawn. "As long as none of it gets on you. I've had a lot of dagger root today and we can't risk it."

"Don't worry about it. I can shower and rinse off if it gets on my skin," Cyan yawned, feeling the heat soaking into the tank top under their sweater. Realizing their sweater was still dry, Cyan hastily pulled it off and flung it onto the folding chair by the flight console. Cyan took off the tank top too, and put it down on their half of the duvet.

"What are you doing?" Yarrow gulped.

"Making sure I have some dry clothes," said Cyan.

Yarrow reached back and tried to unclip the wing closures on his side.

"I'll do that," said Cyan. The closure was on the same side as Cyan, so they had easy reach. Yarrow's sweatshirt and undershirt came off dry, and Cyan tossed them onto the folding chair. "You're sitting on your wing, by the way."

Yarrow twisted to pull his wing out from under himself, and it sent the stream of piss off the side of the bed.

"Shit-" Without thinking, Cyan reached over and aimed Yarrow back at the spreading wet spot in the duvet. They had to push down on it, and the odd placement of the urethra and Yarrow's relatively smaller size made it tricky to aim. Cyan managed it after a few seconds.

"Oh no," Yarrow gulped.

Cyan almost pulled their hand back and found it strangely hard to look up from steering Yarrow. When they did, they noticed that the threadbare carpet was changing color from nondescript dusty green to pale violet, darkening to a saturated navy blue as the urine soaked into the fibers.

"But...it's not...It's not blue," said Yarrow, looking down at himself.

"Yeah, not at all," replied Cyan. "It's one of the lesser-known features of the Limpet. Color-shifting flooring."

Cyan realized they weren't flooding the bed anymore, and felt a warm throb in their hand. Yarrow had swollen noticeably, and his flow was slowing. Cyan stared at it for a long moment before Yarrow spoke and made them both jump.

"You um...might not want to keep doing that," Yarrow gulped. Cyan supposed they didn't need to anymore now the stream had dwindled to a drip, so they pulled back their hand. Oddly, Yarrow seemed slightly disappointed, and something occurred to Cyan.

"Did you like that?" Cyan asked.

Yarrow's entire face turned bright red. "I..." He looked around frantically.

"No one else is around, Yarrow," said Cyan patiently. They knew how the homeworld Andynes could get...But how? The only homeworld Andynes they knew so far were Yarrow and possibly Mayra, the latter of which didn't act like it. And then there was all the strange esoteric airship knowledge, like the color-changing carpets.

Yarrow seemed unsure for a few seconds, took a deep breath, and said with some resolve, "I liked it...But we need to get you in the shower. If you're allergic to dagger root, it can cause a very painful reaction."

Cyan didn't think it would hurt them, but before they could protest, Yarrow scrambled off the bed and out the bedroom door, his wings bumping on the doorframe in his haste. While Yarrow turned on the tap, Cyan pulled back the blankets. Cyan's urine turned the sheets around them slightly more blue, and they couldn't see any of Yarrow's until they got to the part underneath the soaked spot. The spot had almost reached Cyan's feet and ankles, but all Cyan had to do was retract their feet. They stood and gathered up the sheets.

"I'll do that," said Yarrow, bustling back into the bedroom. "Did any of it-"

"None of it got on me," Cyan sighed. Yarrow didn't seem to listen, gathered up the sheets and bedding, and needed Cyan's help finding the washer. Once everything was in the washer, Cyan pulled off their soaked shorts and underwear and tossed them in. "We should wash your pants too."

Cyan let Yarrow drop his pants in, threw in some soap, and started the washer. It didn't slow the shower somehow, and Cyan was almost surprised not to have unexplained knowledge about it.

"The washer is attached to a reserve water tank," Cyan's thoughts filled in while Yarrow ushered them into the front room. The shower screen was out and they went around.

"Alright, where did it get on you?" Yarrow examined Cyan's body. Cyan noticed the dark red birthmark on Yarrow's side. Cyan's stomach did a backflip when Yarrow touched their leg and outer thigh, checking for moisture.

"That's what I was trying to tell you. I didn't get wet," said Cyan.

Yarrow sighed. "You flooded the bed too, Cy. I felt it. I do know what you mean, but can we rinse off, just in case? Miss Nucifera could be home at any time."

Cyan rinsed off first and started toward the bedroom to wipe down the mattress with cleaner when Yarrow stopped them, leaning out of the shower.

"I'll get it," insisted Yarrow. "Does Miss Nucifera's cleaner contain peroxide?"

"I'm pretty sure I'm not allergic to dagger root, Yarrow," said Cyan, though they'd stopped outside the door. A random burst of afternoon sunlight dappled the bedroom beyond, which made the blue urine-saturated streak on the carpet seem that much brighter.

The shower switched off and Yarrow stepped out, wrapping the towel around his waist. He wiped the mattress down thoroughly, leaving Cyan to stand there, watching him work. When Cyan offered to help put on the sheets, Yarrow refused.

"I don't want you stepping in..." Yarrow blanched a little every time he stepped over the wet spots in the carpet. He gave a full-on shudder when he looked at it. "...That. Are you sure there's nothing we can do to make it fade?"

Cyan shrugged. Yarrow's face went from pale to brilliant pink. Cyan wasn't wearing any clothing and was suddenly very aware of that. They looked down, saw what was there, and looked up, blushing themself. "I uh...think...I can't tell if it's..." Cyan stammered, paused, and took a breath. "I can't tell whether it's moisture, heat, or pH that's changing the color. You didn't get much on there, so I think it's best to let it dry and see if that helps."

In its cabinet, the washer stopped and chimed. Yarrow didn't protest when Cyan stepped forward to switch out the laundry and fell back on the bed, his wings spread, yawning, "How are you feeling, Cy?"

"Like I should know more about..." Cyan closed the washer. "...more about what I know, I guess."

"Any rashes? Soreness?" Yarrow asked, rubbing his eyes sleepily. "Any rednes-...I mean blue... I mean...inflammation?"

"None at all," replied Cyan, sitting on the edge of the neatly-made bed next to Yarrow. "But I still don't think I got any of your pee on me." Yarrow raised a wing on the bed so that Cyan could flop back next to him. "I'd like to try something. If I'm right, it'll put your mind at ease."

Yarrow sat up and stretched. "What is it?"

____________________________________________________

In true me fashion, I've been stuck on finishing Saoirse, Pia, and Avaris's rendezvous for like two weeks. Now that I finished it I'm hoping I can be less stuck and finally finish this. And then I'll go back through and edit all the chapters.

Pic today is Alvin the WS security guard. He likes the sportsball, but mostly as background noise.

&&

*123*2024-06-06 07:36

Part 76:

"It's a rendezvous," said Avaris. "As far as I know, there's no time limit. Is there, Sersh?" She stroked one of Saoirse's ears.

Saoirse sat reclining on Avaris, who reclined on Pia's long couch. Avaris had been sleepy after her orgasm, so the three had cleaned up and left the bathroom. Saoirse and Pia had put their nightshirts on, but Avaris hadn't wanted to bother with her dress yet and sat naked on the couch between two fuzzy waterproof blankets. Saoirse joined her while Pia poured them each a glass of water.

"No limit at all," Saoirse purred, nuzzling between Avaris's naked breasts. "Unless you have somewhere to be today?"

"Nope." Avaris slid a hand down to Saoirse's lower belly and pressed.

It got a satisfying squirm out of Saoirse and she gasped, "Not yet, Avi!"

At the kitchen counter, Pia strapped something on under her nightshirt. Avaris couldn't see what it was, especially with Saoirse pushing up against her. Avaris's bladder was already filling up again, but she didn't flinch.

The three of them watched the weather channel for the next half hour while drinking their water. A rainstorm was coming that evening, and though the rain would eventually lessen in the morning, it would continue for the next week. Avaris was beginning to doze off when Saoirse spoke.

"That'll put a damper on Miss May's plans," Saoirse yawned into Avaris's cleavage.

"On what plans?" Pia leaned on Saoirse.

"You know, the rendezvous with Helly and Bellis." Saoirse gasped and jumped: Pia was doing something to her under the blanket. "When someone gives you the smiley face-" Saoirse moaned. "Pia, I'm gonna pee-"

"Is that a bad thing?" Pia asked.

Saoirse writhed against Avaris and panted, "This is where Cyan sleeps."

"I put down the waterproof blanket while you were cleaning up in the bathroom," Pia replied, pulling her hand back. Saoirse relaxed and shifted to feel around under her butt to confirm.

"I insisted," agreed Avaris. "I wouldn't be sitting here naked without it."

"Oh. That's okay then," said Saoirse. Avaris slipped her hands around Saoirse's waist and felt her shiver.

"What were you saying about the smiley face?" Pia got back to work on Saoirse under the blanket. Saoirse's body was hot against Avaris, jumping rhythmically with whatever Pia was doing. Avaris could hear how wet Saoirse was, and Pia slowed when there was a quiet whooshing noise under the blanket.

"When someone gives you the smiley face, they usually have a set date in mind for a rendezvous," Saoirse breathed. "I think I'm ready."

Pia pushed the blanket up and took off her nightshirt, revealing the strap-on she'd been wearing. She lowered herself and entered Saoirse, who moaned aloud.

"Would you hold her in place, Avi?" Pia asked. A little taken aback by Pia's use of the nickname, Avaris obliged. She pulled Saoirse up under her arms, kissing her neck. Pia mouthed, "Thanks," while Saoirse's moans rose in pitch and volume. It made Avaris more aware that rain wasn't pounding on the windows anymore: if anyone passed by outside, Saoirse's moans would be clearly audible. Cyan could come back, with Yarrow because of course. The thought of getting caught made Avaris's stomach flutter, and she adjusted her grip on Saoirse. Saoirse was sweating and starting to buck her hips. She was moving too much for Avaris to keep kissing her neck, so Avaris just held on while Saoirse's cries rang in her ears.

"It's during business hours right now, isn't it?" Avaris asked Pia. Red-faced and puffing with effort, Pia nodded. "So the dockyard is open and anyone can just-"

Saoirse came, gushing while Pia thrust in and out with dogged determination. Just as Avaris lost her grip on Saoirse's body, Saoirse fell back on top of her, panting. Pia collapsed on the other side of the couch, and even Avaris was winded after that.

"Whoops," Pia wheezed. Avaris couldn't see what she was talking about until Saoirse shakily stood up. The waterproof blanket had slid off the backrest and there was a small wet spot underneath where Saoirse had squirted. "We'll just have to uh..." She pulled the blanket back further and found that the wet spot extended halfway across the cushion under Saoirse.

Pia made a face at the wet spot while Saoirse used the armrest to help her balance. The wet spot was wider than expected, but when Avaris poked at the spot, she noted that it hadn't soaked deeply into the cushion.

"I can bring over my steam vac if you like," said Avaris. "It takes a day or two to dry, but if you want to use it, Cy can stay with me for another night or two."

"Why do you have a steam vac?" asked Saoirse. Somehow, her nightshirt was dry.

"Same reason I would," Pia sighed.

"But don't you sleep in your bathroom?" asked Saoirse. Avaris stood up and helped Pia gather up the blanket. Underneath, a subtle blue tint to the cushion indicated where Cyan had had accidents in their first days at the dockyard.

"Not always. If I'm traveling a lot or if it's cold, I stay in the bedroom. I just have to wear...um..." Avaris tried to think of a way around it. "Well, that's why I got the steam vac."

Pia stretched, unsnapping the clasp on the strap-on.

"Are you ready for another round, Pia?" Saoirse purred while Avaris retreated to the bathroom with the blanket.

Pia took a long, steadying breath. "You can try. I don't know if I'll last long."

Avaris found the washer without any issues. It had Saoirse's drenched day clothes at the bottom. She didn't know what setting to wash the blanket on, so she turned to leave the bathroom to ask Pia when Pia walked in.

"Want to help water the tomatoes?" Pia asked. "I'll start the wash if you grab the chair in the shower."

The chair sat on the other side of the shower screen, still wet in places after a thorough rinse under the shower. Avaris shook drops of water off the chair and met Pia at the bathroom door.

In the living room, Saoirse came in from outside. "Coast is clear," she told Pia and Avaris in a half-whisper. She still wore her dry nightshirt.

Avaris went out first, carrying the chair in front of her, but ready to cover up using her wings if she had to. Pia followed, and Saoirse closed the door behind them. The afternoon sunlight was dazzling, and they shielded their eyes as they turned the corner and rushed down the stairs behind Pia's airship. The rain hadn't soaked into the ground yet, and they splashed through shallow rain puddles on the way to the planter. Pia directed Avaris to set the chair next to the planter and sat in it while Saoirse brought out the kneeling pad Pia used for weeding.

"Still up for a little oral?" Saoirse asked, padding on the dirt in her bare feet; she'd let Avaris borrow her flip-flops.

Pia pulled her legs up and Saoirse helped her stretch her glutes one leg at a time, pushing the first leg up and holding it there while counting to thirty. Avaris stepped over to the planter and set one foot up on the side to pee. She didn't feel like she needed to go that much, but she figured she should try since she might be going back inside without her "protection."

"Avi-" Pia grunted; her thigh pressed into her bladder, and her exposed vulva quivered. "Could you...um..."

"Don't be shy, Pia. Socially, anything goes during a rendezvous," said Saoirse matter-of-factly, releasing Pia's leg and switching sides to stretch the other.

Pia's bladder was squeezed again and it took her a second to regain her composure. "Avi, could you um...do that on me?"

Avaris let her foot back down. It took a surprising amount of effort to stop the process of letting go, and she had to clench up. "Sure. Not point blank though. I think I might be a little too full for that." She strolled around the planter, standing kitty corner to Pia.

"You think?" Saoirse snorted while Avaris raised one foot onto the corner of the planter and pulled aside the lips of her labia. Her pussy twitched and dribbled, and she took a deep, slow breath.

"It's why I need my protection. It sneaks up on me sometimes," Avaris let out a hot splash of urine, paused, and bore down for full pressure. It resulted in a hard spray that showered Pia while Saoirse stepped into its path and let it soak her nightshirt. Avaris concentrated her spray between Pia's legs, causing Pia to squirm and gasp for about fifteen seconds until the pressure drained away. Avaris finished emptying her bladder into the rain-damp earth around the tomatoes, swiveling her hips to spread it around more evenly. When Avaris looked up, Pia's vulva pulsated visibly in the sun. Saoirse let Pia's leg out of the stretch, carefully lowering it so she wouldn't hit it on the side of the planter.

"Your pressure is incredible," said Saoirse, getting to her knees next to Pia. "Would you like to help me with this?"

"Would I?" laughed Avaris, squatting down on Pia's other side. Avaris didn't have a kneeling mat like Saoirse, but hunkered down on her haunches, steadying herself on the arm of Pia's beach chair.

"Would you?" Saoirse bent over Pia, ready to go down on her.

Avaris snorted, "Would I?" and bent forward. "How can I help?"

Saoirse told her and began lightly licking Pia's clitoris while Avaris traced light lines on her inner thighs, working her fingers inward. Pia grunted and moaned, breathing slowly to keep herself from crying out. When Avaris reached the middle, probing Pia's outer labia with her fingers, and when she inserted a finger, Pia's hips rolled forward.

Saoirse pulled back to look up, stroking Pia's clitoris. Pia flinched with each stroke, whimpering quietly.

"Start going hard and fast now," Saoirse told Avaris. "She's about to blow."

"How do you know?" asked Avaris. She started thrusting the same way she'd done with Sinni and Pia twisted.

"I can smell it," said Saoirse, grinning, and dropped her head to resume her licking. Pia couldn't hold back her voice anymore, and her cries rang out in the open air. She started to buck, making thrusting momentarily difficult for Avaris before Saoirse held Pia's hips down. Avaris didn't stop when hot splashes burst out between thrusts.

Pia somehow managed to get her voice under control again, but only after screaming loud enough for the entire dockyard, probably even some people down in Segoe, to hear. Her orgasm ramped down and Avaris stood up, stretching, when Pia's body had finally relaxed. Pia slumped back in the chair while Saoirse sat up, flicking her tail. One hand caressed its way up Pia's thigh and slid a single finger into Pia's swollen pussy.

"What are you doing?" Avaris asked. Saoirse's finger moved in and out of Pia in quick motions, and when she pulled it out, Pia let her bladder go with a swooning sigh of relief. Saoirse aimed it neatly into the planter.

"We didn't really have to water the tomatoes, though, did we?" Avaris yawned.

"Well, no," said Saoirse placidly, aiming Pia's stream around the planter. "But with all the rain coming, it won't make a difference anyway."

________________________________

I got my schedule mixed up and had an unexpected day off, so I did some editing. Pic today is a black and white pic of Del with her hair grown out. There's a random colors version and that'll be on the next.

&&

*124*2024-06-06 20:03

Part 77:

Yarrow gazed down into his melted festival freeze, which looked more like a bright green festival swamp water. It was only about half gone.

Yarrow had awakened with a slight headache, and the strong floral smell of the dagger root gave him a thin, painful throb at the back of his head. He stood in Miss Nucifera's kitchen wearing only his festival sweater; his undershirt had been sweaty, so it had gone into the wash with everything else. Cyan had put their sweater on too, and was having noticeably more trouble covering up their bits than Yarrow was. It had taken Yarrow considerable willpower to keep from staring at Cyan, and it was a relief to go to the kitchen, even if it was to get the dreaded festival freeze. The drink was bright blue-green, reminding Yarrow vaguely of Cyan's urine.

Yarrow snorted to himself. "I'd rather drink Cyan's piss-" he realized he was saying it aloud and stopped, trying not to blush. He could feel it not working, especially when Cyan answered.

"Did you say something?" Cyan asked, poking their head into the small kitchen. They were leaning forward and their sweater hung down in front of their crotch. Yarrow inwardly chastised himself for looking.

"I um..." Yarrow continued to fail at not blushing. "I was wondering aloud if that can of tea in the fridge was yours," he lied frantically.

"It's not mine, but Avi says we can have any of the teas if there's more than one can," said Cyan. They sidled past his wings in the small room and opened the refrigerator. "What flavor would you like?"

"Oh, I um..." To give himself something to focus on, Yarrow turned on the sink and poured water into his drink until the cup was full. "I'll worry about the dagger root drink first." Diluted, the festival freeze looked and smelled more bearable.

"Do you mind if I take the blood orange chamomile? There's only two left," said Cyan.

"I don't mind. I want to wash this down with something stronger than that," said Yarrow, and started chugging. At first, it was surprisingly refreshing. He abruptly remembered that he hadn't stirred it; the slightly thicker, syrupy texture of the festival freeze oozed into his mouth. Yarrow swallowed as fast as he could, trying not to taste it. It worked until he finished and got the aftertaste. As if reading Yarrow's thoughts, Cyan handed him a can of strong black tea. It had a pleasant, almost burnt caramel flavor that neutralized the dagger root nicely. Yarrow downed the can in two gulps.

"Thanks, Cyan," Yarrow sighed. He pulled the disposal bag out of the garbage bin under the sink after he dropped the cup into it and relined it with a new bag. He took the full garbage bag to the front door and set it down.

"Are you taking that to the disposal station?" Cyan asked. "Without your pants?"

Yarrow opened another can of strong black tea and took a sip. "Not without my pants. I wanted to wait for Miss Nucifera to get back." Yarrow hiccuped, and a burp brought the taste of dagger root back up. He took another gulp of his tea. "And I need to talk to Miss Eneko before five today about-" Yarrow suppressed another hiccup. "-something."

The two of them sat at the table in the front room. Yarrow's laptop was in his room at the inn, and he felt a little guilty when Cyan opened Miss Nucifera's laptop and connected it to the dockyard's network. A Homeworld streaming service popped up. Yarrow could already feel the dagger root taking effect, and the room seemed to swirl gently around him. It took him a second to read the title Cyan had clicked:

"Daffodil's Garden?" Yarrow read aloud.

"Do you mind if we watch it?" asked Cyan.

"No, I've just never really sat and watched it before," said Yarrow. "I've never watched much television, except Bill Door's Science Corps for science class. And the local news." He took another drink of his tea. "I'd be intrigued to watch Daffodil's Garden though, since it's why people call me 'Daffodil.'"

The segment that opened the show was a blue-haired Andyne child with fluffy tan wings going to a paper factory to see how the equipment worked and produced paper. The dyeing process was particularly mesmerizing in Yarrow's increasingly intoxicated state, and about ten minutes in he began singing along with a song about basic multiplication. Cyan joined in, steadying Yarrow while he giggled at the multiplication tables in the song lyrics.

Two half-hour episodes later, Cyan got up to check on the clothes dryer. They returned without the pants but with a sewing needle in a spool of off-gray thread and an alcohol wipe.

"What are those for?" asked Yarrow.

"For when we do that test, remember?" Cyan replied, starting another episode of Daffodil's Garden.

The next episode was an hour-long special titled, "All About Food Safety." One of the recurring characters, both in the puppet and live-action segments, was an evil chef who used unsafe preparation methods on food, cackling menacingly. Yarrow knew the sinister puppet chef would give his younger self nightmares, but he couldn't stop himself drunkenly laughing at it. He'd already finished his can of tea and refilled it with water twice, and his bladder didn't seem to be filling up at all until the very last second.

"Why is that cucumber singing?" Yarrow wheezed during the following segment. He'd been swaying, and Cyan caught him again before he could topple over sideways. "And why does he need a hairbrush?" He laughed so hard that his stomach started to hurt....only it was his overstretched bladder, not his stomach, and it was about to overflow. It woke Yarrow up like a splash of cold water to the face.

"Cyan, I'm going to pee," Yarrow said more calmly than he felt.

Cyan sat up quickly, pulled the needle from the spool of thread, and opened the alcohol wipe. Yarrow raised his sweatshirt and pushed his hips forward on the chair, dribbling. He somehow kept the chair under him dry, even as the room spun and wobbled around him. He closed his eyes, glad his stomach was empty, and took a deep breath. Yarrow's muscles relaxed and opened the floodgates onto the tile floor. It felt good.

Yarrow opened his eyes just in time to watch Cyan scratch themself with the needle on the back of their forearm. They bent over Yarrow's lap, holding their arm out while Yarrow tried unsuccessfully to splash it as little as possible. After a few attempts, Cyan reached down and aimed it themself, bending down further for the hard steam to hit the scratch.

The need to sleep was slowly hitting Yarrow like a ton of rectangular building things, and he leaned on Cyan again when they sat up, letting the highlighter yellow urine drip from their arm. They didn't let go of Yarrow's penis, and though Yarrow could see they were pointing the stream at the nearest fish-shaped drain, he was becoming increasingly aware of Cyan's touch down there. Oddly, it didn't slow him down, even as he swelled in Cyan's hand.

"Do you mind if I keep um...aiming?" Cyan asked. "It's less to clean up." They pushed through the awkwardness admirably, and when Yarrow looked up they were blushing.

This was his chance, Yarrow thought muzzily. His heart raced even as his brain dragged him closer to sleep: he would say something witty and charming, and Cyan would fall in love with him, like a starcrossed protagonist from the Haman "Love In The..." movie series.

Still bent forward over Yarrow, Cyan's face was only inches away. They locked eyes. Yarrow slurred, "You can touch it as long as you like." It didn't come out sounding like it had in Yarrow's head, but Cyan didn't recoil.

"Thank you," said Cyan, patting Yarrow's knee. "Are your feet still dry?"

Yarrow nodded, yawning. His flow trailed off, and Cyan waited patiently until he'd finished to lean over and survey the puddle. Yarrow dozed off afterward and woke when Cyan helped him to his feet.

"Careful not to step in it," Cyan said. They supported Yarrow through the doorway. Yarrow could hear the low droning of the dryer and it made him want to sleep more than ever. He was grateful when Cyan stopped at the bed and drew back the covers.

"Your hair is different," Yarrow yawned again, lying down. The sheets felt cool on his bare legs, and the pleasant throbbing between them made him hope that Cyan would join him.

"Is it?" Cyan pulled the blankets up over Yarrow.

"Yeah." Yarrow fought back sleep, gazing up at Cyan. "When we were in that haunted house where we peed on that sandy person's fake grave. It was all..." Yarrow raised a hand and moved it from side to side next to his face. "In like...swoops. It looks good on you."

Cyan patted Yarrow's shoulder. "Thanks, Yarrow." They straightened up and started toward the bedroom door. Yarrow opened his mouth to ask them where they were going and fell asleep instead.

________________________________________

Another chapter today, with the crazy color version of Del. I think I'm going to end this before the group rendezvous but I might still change my mind.

&&

*125*2024-06-07 22:46

Part 78:

Cyan let go, looking at the disposable "protective" garment Avi wore under her skirt while they soaked the scar tissue on her leg in blue urine.

"Don't you have washable um...protective garments?" asked Cyan, unable to keep a sigh of relief out of their voice. Cyan had been watching another episode of Daffodil's Garden when Avi arrived with Saoirse in tow. Cyan's bladder felt like it was about to burst, and they hurried back behind the shower screen with Avi.

"I found a small stash of the disposables in my storage closet, so I'm using them up. They're not as absorbent as the reusable ones," said Avi. "Where's Yarrow?"

Hearing Yarrow's name made Cyan's stomach do a backflip. "He's asleep; he didn't know how to dispose of the rest of his festival freeze, so he drank it all at once."

Avi winced, "Well, I'm glad I was going to ask if the two of you wanted to stay another night."

"Really?" Cyan gasped.

"It's um...I did that," said Cyan's voice in the shadowy bedroom. "Sorry, Avi. I thought I could hold it." Yarrow opened his eyes; his headache from earlier was back with what felt like a medium-sized orchestra of percussion instruments. He lay on his side facing the bedroom window and could see the blue spray of color he'd left on the floor. Miss Nucifera's muted tan and brown wing bobbed slightly in the corner of his vision next to Cyan's blue legs, wearing shorts again. Yarrow didn't want to move and exacerbate the pounding in his head, but he needed to tell Miss Nucifera that the splash of color in the carpet was his fault, not Cyan's. Yarrow would also need to get up and pee again soon, and he took a slow, deep breath in preparation to speak.

Miss Nucifera's voice sighed. "Cy, it's fine. Thanks for letting me know-"

The radio by the window lit up and gave its loud, droning chime. Cyan skittered into view to silence it, and Miss Nucifera answered it. She switched the speaker to a set of headphones and spoke quietly into the receiver.

"Oh uh...hi, Miss May," Miss Nucifera whispered. Miss Eneko's voice was a low murmur in the headphone speakers, and Miss Nucifera replied, "Yeah, she is. Did you want to talk to her?" She paused, listening. "OK, I can tell her...Ten minutes? I'll let her know. No problem." She hung up and flipped a switch that darkened the lights on the radio console. On her way out of the bedroom, Miss Nucifera opened a cupboard and removed something that sounded large.

Yarrow forced himself to sit up. It didn't hurt as much as he'd been dreading, but it was close. His can of tea sat on the nightstand next to him, refilled again with water. He drained it, knowing that it would take several minutes to start feeling better.

"Did we wake you?" Cyan asked quietly. Yarrow noted that his clean clothes lay folded on the other side of the bed.

"I'm not sure. What time is it?" Yarrow half-whispered.

"Almost seven," said Cyan. "I tried to wake you up before five, but you slept like a rock. How are you feeling?"

In the other room, Yarrow could hear Saoirse's voice in a questioning tone.

"Fogel," Yarrow corrected himself. He'd learned Saoirse's surname at some point, and it took a long moment to come back to him.

"What was that?" asked Cyan.

"Miss Fogel is here?" Yarrow asked, swinging his legs off the bed to put on his pants.

"She's here to borrow Avi's steam vac," said Cyan.

"I'll take the bag to the disposal station. It's on the way," said Miss Fogel's voice in the front room. Yarrow bolted to his feet, buttoning his pants.

"I'll do it," Yarrow said, staggering toward the door. "My festival freeze cup is in there."

When Yarrow reached the front room, Miss Nucifera and Miss Fogel had just left. He stopped and turned to face Cyan, who had followed him, puzzled.

"I have to go get that bag," Yarrow told Cyan urgently. Cyan helped Yarrow into his shoes, and they went outside.

"-you put the detergent into the first tank. Make sure the clamp is down before you start, or it has no suction." Muss Nucifera told Miss Fogel, standing on the boardwalk. Miss Fogel had a duffel bag slung over her shoulder, black with a circular company logo. On it was a stylized giant Andyne woman urinating off the top of a waterfall. Yarrow had seen that logo before, many times on the Homeworld; it had embarrassed him at first because the woman's genitals were clearly defined in the design. He still didn't understand why the Gyallp Cleaning Company needed nudity in their logo, but he'd gotten used to it over the years.

The air outside was blessedly cool, and though it was bright, the gray rainclouds muffled the sunlight to a level that Yarrow could tolerate.

"Hi, Yarrow. How are you feeling?" Miss Nucifera asked sympathetically.

"Hi, Yarrow," echoed Miss Fogel.

"Hi...I can take the garbage bag. It has the cup from my dagger root drink in it," said Yarrow.

Miss Fogel tried to wave him away. "I can do it. I have to go talk to Mayra. The disposal station is right where I'm meeting her."

"I can take it," Yarrow insisted. "And I need to ask her something anyway. Where's the disposal station?"

"I'll show you," Miss Fogel conceded, and handed Yarrow the bag.

Yarrow took a second to check out Cyan's arm while Miss Nucifera finished explaining the steam vac's controls. The scratch on Cyan's arm looked the same as it had just before they'd done the "test," and Yarrow resisted the urge to hug them out of relief.

Cyan stayed at the Limpet with Miss Nucifera, excited to help her cook while Yarrow left with Miss Fogel.

"The disposal station is out behind the dockyard shop, and that's where I'm meeting May," said Miss Fogel, twitching her tail. A cool breeze ruffled Yarrow's hair and feathers, and he stretched his wings out behind him one by one as they walked. "Why are you so worked up over the dagger root?"

"I know what can happen to non-Andynes who are allergic." Yarrow didn't want to think about that further and fell silent, wanting to change the subject. His head gave a nasty throb. So did his bladder.

"If the shop is unlocked, we'll get you some water from the fridge," Miss Fogel said. "There's a bathroom there too."

The two of them reached the shop two minutes later, and as they approached the door, it opened. Miss Eneko, clad in her bathrobe and a pair of long pink lotus-patterned pants, stepped out and shut the door behind her.

"Saoirse," Miss Eneko greeted Miss Fogel. "And...Yarrow?"

"He's here for the disposal station and wants to talk to you too," Miss Fogel explained. "What's up?"

Miss Eneko looked between Yarrow and Miss Fogel and sighed, "Well...I guess if you don't recognize the name, he might." She nodded in Yarrow's direction. "Saoirse, do you know someone from the Grisderm homeworld named Sylls? They called this afternoon and asked for you by your full name."

Yarrow didn't recognize the name, but Miss Fogel did. While Miss Eneko and Miss Fogel spoke, Yarrow glanced around for the disposal station. He couldn't see it.

Miss Eneko opened the door again. "Well, that's good to know."

"Can I um..." Yarrow spoke up shyly. "Would it be alright if I used the bathroom, Miss Eneko?"

Miss Eneko grimaced, her eyes darting in the direction of the bathroom.

"What is it?" asked Miss Fogel. Her ears twitched and she sniffed the air. "Did some animals get in again?"

"Throcken," Miss Eneko sighed. "They like to nest under the sink for some reason. I don't know how they get in every year. Pia wants to repurpose Cyan's old unit to make a nest for them." Miss Eneko beckoned for Yarrow and Miss Fogel to follow her. "If we don't clear it out by Saturday, we won't be able to use it."

"You mean for the rendezvous?" Miss Fogel asked. Yarrow felt the impulse to be scandalized, but he was concentrating too hard on holding his bladder to follow through with it.

The shop was spacious and neat. Yarrow tried not to look at the closed bathroom door as the three passed and instead looked at a few potted trees in one of the sunny back windows. A gutted hydrostasis transport unit sat grounded in the corner, on a raft cradled on its charging unit.

"Is this where you're going to have it?" asked Miss Fogel as they passed through the shop's back door.

"If it's raining." Miss Eneko held the door for Yarrow and Miss Fogel. "It looks like it probably will be. You and Pia are invited, of course. Could you let Avaris know she's invited too?"

The disposal station consisted of a covered area and what looked like a train-car-sized tank. Miss Eneko had Yarrow throw the garbage bag into the incinerator while she worked the controls. With that taken care of, Yarrow couldn't take it anymore: he sprinted behind the disposal station, anxious to keep his freshly washed pants dry. He burst as he reached the tree line and stopped there with his pants around his knees. Safely firing into the underbrush, Yarrow let out a long sigh.

"Ff-...frick," Yarrow breathed, surveying the small smattering of drops on his pants. Someone stepped up next to him and he almost jumped sideways.

"It's just me," Miss Eneko said calmly. She casually opened her robe, lowered her waistband, and pulled out a larger dick than Yarrow's. The stream she released into the bushes was bright yellow like Yarrow's, but noticeably clearer.

Yarrow gulped. He didn't want to look uncool in front of the woman nice enough to hire him-

"I keep my refrigerator out here stocked with bottled water. We'll get you one when you're done here," Miss Eneko said sympathetically. "Did you really chug half your festival freeze?"

"I-..." Yarrow floundered. His brain felt like a dried-out sponge. "I did. I don't know what the regulations on dagger root drinks are here, and I didn't want to pour it out."

"The standard practice here is to pour it down household drains, same as bleach," said Miss Eneko. "Helly and Bellis wanted me to remind you that you and Cyan are invited to the group rendezvous this weekend."

"I'll...talk to Cyan," said Yarrow, feeling awkward. He tried to clench up and stop and found that he couldn't. Next to him, Miss Eneko's stream was slowing.

"I'm surprised you don't call Cyan 'Mx. Williams," said Miss Eneko.

"It's not really their last name, is it?" Yarrow asked.

Miss Eneko shrugged. "I'm just assuming Cyan is related to Pia. Even if they're not, our cover story for now is that they're either Pia's sibling or half-sibling." She finished and shook off, leaving Yarrow as the only one still pissing. As was the Andyne custom, she pulled up her waistband, closed her robe, and patiently waited for Yarrow to finish.

"Why do you need a cover story?" Yarrow's headache was rapidly coming back after the temporary relief from the water, and he freed up one hand to rub his temples.

"Confidential medical reasons," Miss Eneko said slowly. Yarrow's head pounded again and cut off any replies he might've had. "I'm going to go grab something for you from the runabout. Meet me in the main room of the shop when you're finished."

At first, Yarrow felt a little perturbed about Miss May's break in custom, walking away like that, and he reminded himself that he wasn't on the Homeworld. He watched Miss May turn the corner around the shop and found that he enjoyed the temporary sense of privacy when she passed out of sight.

___________________________________________

Another chapter without art attached; I'm attempting to teach myself to draw landscapes so I can draw places like the dockyard, Nilbog, Shell Bay, Chocolate Smudge, the Amphibious farmer's market, Lesser Redwater Falls, Segoe, etc.

*126*2024-06-22 09:59

Part 79:

Miss Eneko returned quickly, carrying plastic bottles of pale pink liquid. She waved to Yarrow, who still stood urinating by the trees, and went into her shop.

Yarrow finished not long after, waiting out a persistent trickle that wouldn't seem to stop. He considered walking directly back to Avaris's- no, Miss Nucifera's, he reminded himself sternly - Limpet. After a long moment dripping dry on the plants, he decided against it.

In the shop, Miss Eneko was arranging water bottles in a large refrigerator near the shop's back door. When Yarrow entered, she stepped back from the fridge and pointed out the bottles of pale pink liquid she'd brought in: berry-flavored electrolyte water. Yarrow broke the seal on one bottle and took a long drink.

"Saoirse was right; you really did need to go," said Miss Eneko, taking two bottles of water from the fridge and setting one next to the unopened electrolyte water. "She also said you needed to talk to me?" She led him into the wide main room of the shop with the medical unit in the middle and leaned back against her work table. Yarrow could see that she'd preened recently; her blue and tan feathers were full and glossy. It made Yarrow feel scruffy in comparison, even though he'd kept his wings dry when he'd flooded the bed earlier. He looked away, embarrassed, and his eyes settled on the gutted medical unit. It occurred to him that Cyan had probably come from that. Yarrow wanted to walk around it to get a closer look, inwardly debating whether or not it would be impolite to ask Miss Eneko. Another loud throb rang in his head, not as bad as just a few minutes ago, but enough to push that thought aside with a wave of nausea.

Yarrow resisted the urge to chug his drink, took a restrained draught, and set the bottle down. "I wanted to ask for a ride for either tomorrow or the next day."

"To where? I'm going north to Chocolate Smudge after we do your paperwork in the morning."

Yarrow told her.

Miss Eneko nodded. "That could work tomorrow, but we'd have to leave around seven in the morning to make it work. Are you okay with that?"

"And one more thing?" Miss Eneko said as they exited the shop to go their separate ways. The rain clouds had closed in again, and it was beginning to mist. "You don't have to be so formal all the time. Call me May. I understand you want to show respect, but I assure you, nobody here minds being called by their first name."

Yarrow felt much better after drinking most of the electrolyte beverage. "I'll try," he said. "Is 'Miss May' okay? I've heard Pia use it."

In the distance, a small aircraft floated over the dockyard, headed for the spot next to the runabout. Miss Eneko - Miss May - waved, and Yarrow recognized Azri within waving back. "Miss May is fine. If we leave by six forty-five tomorrow, we can stop in Shell Bay and get some donuts." They said good night, and Miss May walked around to meet Azri, who Yarrow realized he didn't think of as "Miss The Destructor." Yarrow laughed out loud in the empty dockyard, and it only hurt his head a little.

The rain drummed on the ceiling of the Limpet while Cyan and Avi watched "Love in the Snow." The Haman "Love In The..." movie series followed the exploits of an asexual Haman gentleman of the Priest Caste, Alistair Antzera, who solved mysteries and helped his co-protagonists find love. The premise was corny but entertaining, and they were halfway through when Yarrow arrived, carrying two bottles of pink electrolyte beverage under one arm, one almost empty, and an unopened bottle of water. Yarrow sat down next to Cyan, and the three of them finished "Love in the Snow." The cabbage rolls Cyan and Avi had made were ready as the end credits rolled, and they ate while watching the next film in the series, "Love in the Walk-In Cooler."

Azri showed up just under an hour later and supervised Avi's "treatment." Cyan had an unexpected bit of performance anxiety with Yarrow there. Cyan managed to soak the scar on Avi's leg without emptying their whole bladder and Azri quickly checked in on all three of them. She informed all three that she would be gone from the next morning until Saturday, taking her kids to the Crystal Cove book fair.

"Della's coming up here with me before we leave in the morning," Azri told Cyan, jotting down Cyan's vitals. "What did you want to talk to them about?"

"How they um..." Cyan hesitated. "How they knew they're nonbinary."

"Ah," said Azri. "That seems like something you should discuss with them. Would it be too personal to ask you how you knew yourself?"

Cyan looked around. Avi was busy typing on her laptop and Yarrow was in the kitchen washing dishes. Cyan tried to relate it to Azri and found it easier than expected. Azri agreed to discuss it more after the rendezvous on Sunday and left for the evening.

Yarrow came out of the kitchen about ten minutes after with the can recycle bag, jingling with empty tea cans. Avi and Cyan sat reading at the front table, and Yarrow stopped behind them to step into his shoes.

"I'm just taking out the cans and scouting around for a site on my way back," said Yarrow.

"Take my umbrella," said Avi. The rain outside had slowed down, but it would start again soon.

"Can I go too? I've never actually been to the disposal station," said Cyan.

Dusk was just starting to settle outside, and the heavy gray clouds made everything dimmer. The cold, wet wind lashed the plateau the dockyard sat on, causing both of them to squint. Mayra had already turned on the nighttime dockyard lights, and in the distance, sitting next to the dockyard shop, loomed a tall, boatlike shape. Cyan knew they'd have to pass it and glanced at Yarrow.

"I thought this was the slow season," Cyan said, just to have something to say. A gust of wind threw water droplets off a nearby pole, showering them in chilly water. Cyan felt a random urge to pee; Avi's "treatment" had relieved some pressure, but they were saving up. Cyan hoped vaguely that whoever owned the hulking airship next to Mayra's shop would stay inside.

The shop door was closed, and as Cyan and Yarrow approached, the wind whistled and heavy drops of rain began falling, first plunking onto their heads, then drumming on the shop's metal roof. It quickened

Yarrow didn't try the door and skirted the shop building under the eaves. He shouted something, losing everything except "this way!" in the din. A few seconds later, they reached the covered concrete pad where the disposal station sat. The station had an industrial-sized crusher for metal waste; Yarrow dumped them in, the clanking of the cans lost in the noise from the downpour, and closed it. He bent down and squinted at the controls, holding one wing out to shield himself and Cyan from the wind. The wind howled, sounding strangely like a feminine voice, but Cyan paid it no mind, trying to help Yarrow work out the can crusher's controls. It was helping distract them from how badly they needed to pee.

A hand tapped Cyan's shoulder. Cyan jumped, having to clamp their hand between their legs to keep from flooding their shorts. They whirled around, colliding with Yarrow's other wing, and met a set of luminous blue eyes.

______________________________________

It wasn't confusing enough, so here's a new character. She's been mentioned but she hasn't shown up here until now, and there's a drawing or two of her in this thread somewhere.

Art is the airship docking spot that Avaris almost fell off of on the day of the festival, except it's early on a rainy morning here (from chapter 81). It's also where Pia first ran off to to pee in my earlier "Cassiopeia Gets a Job" short stories elsewhere. The lake in the background is kinda sorta based off a lake I visit sometimes in the Cascade mountains.

&&

*127*2024-07-30 18:41

Part 80:

Yarrow looked around in time to see Cyan grab their crotch. Their eyes were wide, and Yarrow followed their gaze to a tall, thin orange and white-furred Renoige woman. The woman had striking blue eyes, asymmetrical ginger tabby-striped spots in her white fur, a long fluffy orange-ringed tail, and long straight hair on her head, white streaked with ginger and drawn up into a ponytail.

"Do you work here?" the woman shouted over the rain. "Or have you seen Miss Eneko?"

Yarrow stood up. He'd had a lot of water, and his full bladder wasn't helping him concentrate on the crusher's dials. The buttons, levers, and sliders had cryptic symbols instead of words, and only about half made anything approaching sense. Part of Yarrow wanted to tell the woman that he couldn't help her but found that he couldn't admit that in front of Cyan. "I do. What do you need?"

"Do you have a water line adaptor for-" The rain slowed abruptly and she stopped shouting. "-for small to medium-sized Renoige vessels?"

That, at least, was something that Yarrow knew about. Like all good dockyard owners, Miss May kept a stock of various adapters, neatly organized and labeled. Yarrow had seen it on the way out of the shop earlier that day and knew exactly what she was looking for and where it was.

The back door to the shop was connected to the disposal station by a short covered walkway. "I don't have any keys, but if the shop is unlocked I can get it for you," said Yarrow, hoping he sounded cool and professional. Cyan seemed impressed, and Yarrow couldn't help smiling.

The shop's back door was unlocked, and the rain kicked up as Yarrow eased it open. He mouthed, "I'll be right back," to Cyan and the woman, who nodded their understanding.

Inside the shop, the noise from the rain was only slightly muffled. Yarrow thought he could hear a slow, steady drip echoing from somewhere. He thought it might be a leak in the roof and padded across the polished concrete floor toward the supply shelves in the shop's front corner. Yarrow noticed that the light was on in the bathroom as he passed and gave in to his curiosity. If Miss May had been lying about the animals nesting in the bathroom for whatever reason (lying about small things like that was extremely common in the Andyne Homeworld), it would be a nice, dry, private place where he and Cyan could-

A low, angry growl rose as Yarrow cracked open the door, and he opened it just enough to see the gold-ringed eyes and bared teeth of the mother animal, which reminded Yarrow of a small black and white tanuki, before hastily pulling the door shut again. Almost as if caused by Yarrow shutting the door, something heavy and metallic clattered to the floor in the next room. The slow dripping had sped up despite the slowing rain, and a second clatter rang through the shop. Yarrow jumped a second time and felt a hot squirt of urine in his pants. It felt good, and he clenched up agonizingly hard to stop it.

Heart racing, Yarrow glanced around. His eyes settled on a long thin shape next to the gently fizzing radio console: a flashlight. Yarrow picked it up, turned it on, and reluctantly crept toward where the noises had come from. He decided he'd take a quick cursory look for the leak, and he could get a closer look at Cyan's medical unit; he'd asked Cyan about it, and Cyan had confirmed it. They didn't seem to attach much importance to the unit, which had been thoroughly stripped and gutted.

Painfully aware that he was keeping Cyan and the renoige customer waiting, Yarrow boldly strode across the floor of the shop's large repair bay. He could hear where the steady dripping noise was coming from: the front corner of the room near the workbench, behind him. It was slowing, and knowing he'd see it on the way out, Yarrow turned the flashlight onto the medical unit.

The first thing Yarrow noticed was the patches and new wiring on the sides. The unit had its own hover plate but sat flat on a hovering repair raft. A pencil-drawn schematic was fastened to the door, with the intended modifications in blue and red pencil. Yarrow padded close and examined it in the beam of the flashlight, bouncing on the balls of his feet. He turned around, intending to retrieve the adapter and find somewhere to pee in short order when movement caught his eye in the shadowy front corner.

Whatever it was, it was larger than Yarrow had expected. He took a long, terrifying moment to work out what the hulking tan and blue shape was.

Thirty seconds later, Yarrow emerged into the renewed roar of the rain to Cyan and Miss Sylls, who stood with their hands over their ears. Miss Sylls mouthed her thanks and retreated into the dark curtain of rain beyond the roof.

Yarrow exchanged a glance with Cyan, took Cyan's hand, and they left the covered area. Cyan fumbled with the umbrella and pulled close to Yarrow so that they were both covered. When Cyan tried to raise the umbrella over Yarrow's wings too, the wind almost pulled the handle out of their hand. Yarrow caught it and brought the umbrella back down over their heads.

"Don't worry about it," Yarrow half-shouted over the rain. "My feathers are mostly waterproof."

Navigating the dockyard was much more difficult in the dark and pouring rain, and they had to backtrack at several dead ends. Each one seemed to fluster Cyan, which wasn't like them at all, Yarrow thought. Without any warning, Cyan stopped. A gust of wind slapped them with rainwater, which Cyan turned away from while Yarrow turned toward him and raised his wings around them. Before Yarrow knew what was going on, he stood face-to-face with Cyan. Cyan's eyes were wide, and the orange dockyard light behind Yarrow shone through the clear plastic of the umbrella. Yarrow supposed it would almost be romantic if he weren't about to pee his pants. He pushed the notion of romance aside: he'd known Cyan for just a few days.

Cyan shuddered, and Yarrow thought they might pass out. Yarrow's mind raced: the nearest medical facility was the nurse's station in Segoe. The Silverling airship owned by Miss Williams was the closest place he could take Cyan, and from there he could-

"I'm sorry, Yarrow," Cyan grunted. They were shaking and gave Yarrow a smile that was strained but sweet. "I thought I could hold it."

A barely audible rushing sound prompted Yarrow to look down at the dark spot spreading in Yarrow's shorts. Yarrow's stomach did a backflip, but he couldn't give in to that yet: they could be having a seizure or other kind of reaction.

"Are you okay, Cyan?" Yarrow asked seriously, examining Cyan's face.

Cyan gulped, "I'm fine, I just really had to go. Sorry." Rain lashed them again and Yarrow tightened his wings around them. A hot drip from Cyan's shorts hit Yarrow's foot, reminding him he needed to go too.

Yarrow spread his feet, relaxed his abdominal muscles, gathered his concentration, and let go. He took a deep breath and moaned as he exhaled, enjoying the spreading warmth.

"Did..." Cyan looked down.

"I'm already soaked up to my knees," Yarrow sighed. "Might as well finish the job." In response, Cyan looked down and then back up, blushing; somehow the orange of the dockyard lights made it easy to see.

A cold wind threw more water at them, some of it spraying over Yarrow's wing.

"It's cold. Can we walk and pee?" Cyan asked. The rain picked up and got louder, so Yarrow nodded his affirmative. The two began to speed-walk back to the Limpet, huddled together under the umbrella. Yarrow had to pull in his wings to keep the wind from catching them. The walk should have been cold, wet, and miserable. It wasn't.

They arrived back at the Limpet so quickly that Yarrow still wasn't finished yet. He stopped at the door and told Cyan to go on - the rain was cold and almost sideways.

"What's wrong?" Cyan asked close to Yarrow's ear. Their warm breath made Yarrow shiver.

"I'm still going," Yarrow said in Cyan's ear. He rubbed his lower belly to illustrate it. Knowing that he was blushing, he half-mouthed, "Almost done." Cyan nodded their understanding and waited patiently. When he finished he thought of adding, "Much better!" but he wanted to get Cyan inside. The rain was cold and that probably wasn't good for them.

Yarrow pulled the door shut behind them after Cyan shook out the umbrella.

"Oh no," said Miss N-...Avaris. Miss Avaris, Yarrow decided, She *had* been his client after all. She sat on her mesh cot, folding a load of laundry. "Well, I guess it's a good thing you took the umbrella."

Panting from the brisk walk, Yarrow looked down at himself, dreading what he might see. He was drenched from the rain up to his chest. Cyan was drenched too: the umbrella had only kept their heads and shoulders dry.

Miss Avaris stood up and handed them each a towel from the folded stacks of laundry on her bed. "You two can warm up in the shower. Have you got any dry clothes, Yarrow?"

_________________________________________

I decided to post this if I had either a buffer of at least five chapters or the art. I'm on part 87. 🙂 I can picture the art I want to make clearly in my mind but I can't seem to get it to the point where I can start.

