Chib: An Omorashi Fiction - Page 5

Author: Astraptera

*113*2024-04-21 00:02

Part 73:

After May finished her first call, she was surprised to receive another from Helly at Hyachna's Shins.

"Pia said her brother and his um...partner?" Helly had paused like a child who'd said a bad word to a teacher. May didn't react, so Helly pushed on: "Well, Belly and I think a group rendezvous would be a good chance to meet them if everyone is up for it."

May bit her lip, taking a moment to mentally sift through the Homeworld social nonsense for any meaning she might've missed. Her head was swimming a little, and she was glad that she'd diluted her drink. She slipped out of her robe and set her cup on the side of the bathtub. The water was hotter than she'd expected, so she sat on the corner and soaked her legs and feet, swishing them idly in the water like she had when she was a kid.

"She said Cyan was her brother?" May said, in case it made any more sense out loud than in her head. She picked up her drink and took another sip. Even with a pleasant buzz, she felt uneasy about what she would have to do later.

Del sat at Clay's desk, seething. The conversation with Digitalis had ended positively, but after the call, Del's mind returned to Digitalis's flying trials. The family elders had held a vote, singling Digitalis out for being half-human, and decided that he was ineligible for full family membership through the flight trials. Del wasn't sure exactly what was said to Digitalis: he'd been vague about it, almost as if to protect her. Hot anger burned in Del's belly, closing her off from everything else until Althea nudged her shoulder and handed her a water bottle.

"I remembered it this time!" Althea said. "Clay's finished with the radio. The nearest bathroom is just up the hall."

Del stood up and left the office with Althea, striding toward the outer door instead of the bathroom. Before Del knew it, she was outside again. She vaguely recalled that she and Althea had left Clay in the maintenance room with Alvin, discussing something related to potted plants.

"I'm going to take a walk," said Del, unaware she was talking until she said it. Once she did, though, it was a relief to have said it. "I need to be alone."

"At night?" asked Althea. A wading bird trumpeted across the water. Del noticed that it didn't sound like the bird calls she'd heard on the night she'd arrived. She didn't know what to think about it, so she pushed it to the back of her mind.

"If I get lost, this place is easy to spot from the air," Del turned toward the lake, and her bladder gave a nagging throb. The water sparkled beneath a pair of mismatched moons, one a pale blue gibbous and the other a skinny white grin.

Althea stepped in front of Del and took her hands, gently squeezing them. "Be safe, alright?"

Del had the sudden urge to pull down her waistband and relieve herself right there, all down Althea's front. She had to go so badly...instead, she hastily parted from Althea and hurried down the hill. The path was wide and relatively straight, so Del made a split-second decision and started running. Air conditions weren't the best, but she needed a distraction. Being in the air would make holding it much easier, and when Del landed, she'd take...maybe not the longest piss of her life, but it would be up there, she thought. Her feet pounded on the concrete dock when she reached it, and she started flapping her wings just before the dropoff. Her toes brushed the water as her wings caught the air, beating hard until she got high enough above the trees for a comfortable glide.

The World Sleepers facility's security lights were easy to see from the air. The road, snaking away from World Sleepers in both directions, didn't have any lights, but Del could easily make it out in the light of Ud's third moon. The third moon had been hidden behind the residential wing back on the ground, but now that she had a clear view of the sky, it loomed large above her in its half-moon phase. The moon was tan with dark stripes and some thinner, light blue rings and its surface seemed to have an odd smooth texture. Del remembered reading in some touristy pamphlets on the bus ride to World Sleepers that Ud had a gas moon. Del hadn't seen all three in the sky during her time there; a world having two or moons was relatively rare, but gas moons had to be even rarer. Del wished she'd paid more attention in secondary school Planetary Science class.

The huge half-moon hung over Del and she flew faster, almost like she could get away from it. She knew it didn't work that way, and flew a few loops before curving back toward World Sleepers. If she turned northeast, she could get to the coast in about six hours. Del wasn't dressed for that, though; her fingers were already numb in the cold, wet wind. She looked forward to landing: it would be warmer on the ground.

The lake seemed to glow faintly from beneath in the combined light of the three moons, and Del spotted the stone jetty that she and Althea had visited what felt like years ago instead of just a few days. Del descended, looped low over the rocky beach, and touched down at the base of the jetty. It took four long bounds to stop completely, and Del hooked her thumbs in the waistband for the last step. She landed neatly on the end of the jetty and pushed down the front of her pants just in time. A hard, relentless flow gushed out over the soughing waves, making only an initial splash before the sound was lost in the breeze over the water.

Del gave a shaky, ungainly groan of relief and stretched her wings. Her voice echoed, but she didn't mind. Nobody except Alvin would be outdoors at this hour. If he was even required to do that with so few people staying at the facility. Del sighed and leaned back on her heels. It took her a second to realize that the glow on the lake, which she'd assumed was some odd property of the gas moon, was coming from under the lake's surface. The light brightened in a way that felt stealthy, and a hulking rounded shape rose noiselessly out of the water beside the jetty only about a meter away from Del. She couldn't slow or stop herself peeing, she thought vaguely, watching the dripping shape rise further, stopping at a standard half-meter hover over the water's surface. The light had been coming from a rounded porthole window, now blocked by a face.

A metal ramp extended smartly from the strange watercraft and a door opened. Feeble yellow light framed a figure, who looked Del up and down from the doorway.

"*You're* not Clay."

Del's eyes acclimated to the light and the shadow in front of her came into focus: it was a tall Amphibious woman with curly green hair in loose asymmetrical plats that hung down past her elbows. Strangely for an Amphibious person who'd just been underwater, she was dry and wore clothing. Her eyes were bright pink, reflecting faintly in the gloom. Her stance changed, and Del was suddenly aware that she was vulnerable, still relieving herself off the end of the jetty.

"Who are you then?" the woman growled. Del tensed up, not knowing whether she should try to fly away or jump in the water and swim away. Amphibious people were monstrously strong; Del didn't know why, but always thought it had something to do with how fast they had to move in the water. Swimming away could be a bad idea, but there had to be a reason the woman was staying dry-

The Amphibious woman broke Del's train of thought. "Are you Nelumbo Nucifera?" Her eyes flashed.

"Keyana!" called another voice. Del's flow was mercifully slowing, and for the first time, it occurred to her that she could try for some modesty. She pulled her wings around herself.

A light set of footsteps ran up behind Del, and she craned to look over her shoulder. She was surprised to see-

"Clay." The woman jumped down and met Clay further up the jetty. "Who the fuck is this?"

Clay looked up at Del, who waved lamely. Her bladder was still draining somehow, and she pushed on it. It didn't do anything. Despite everything, it felt good and her body was starting to relax.

"That's Delphinium," said Clay in a crisp, formal way. "She's a friend."

Del almost felt warm and fuzzy about that, until her hand brushed her penis. Her hands were still icy cold and partially numb from the flight. It made her shiver, and she desperately hoped Clay and his associate wouldn't notice.

"Delphinium, this is Keyana. She's agreed to help me with a uh..." Clay glanced at Keyana. Del's neck was beginning to strain from looking over her shoulder, so she turned slightly, dripping on the jetty with one wing screening her middle.

"Delphinium Liliaceae?" asked Keyana, looking Del in the eye. Del nodded awkwardly. She was almost finished and willed herself to pee faster. "Althea messaged me about you. Asked if she could give you my info."

"Did you um..." Del gulped.

"I said yes. I wasn't expecting to meet you so soon." To Del's mild horror, Keyana approached her. "I'm Dr. Keyana Moss. Can we not touch palms?"

Del squeaked, "Of course. I'm almost done, I promise."

"Don't rush on my account," Keyana said, turning up the ramp right before she reached Del. She brought out what appeared to be an empty paper shopping bag.

Finishing, Del hastily pulled up the front of her pants again, only for a last trickle of urine to escape down one leg. She pretended not to notice and turned around as Keyana handed Clay the bag.

___

The power went out, so I spent the time it was out on my laptop battery, editing this chapter. On my day off I tried something new with my art, using Yarrow as the subject. I made some dots of different colors at full saturation, turned my tablet black and white, and drew and colored Yarrow.

&&

&&

*115*2024-04-21 17:59

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

I really like how the colored version turned out

}}

Thanks ❤️ The colors did turn out really fun.

*117*2024-05-02 18:22

{{8 hours ago, Stanley79 said:

I can't track so many characters. But I love the rhythm and word images.

}}

Thanks. It's a weird chapter; Keyana is from one of my older short stories, posted elsewhere. Chib is getting toward the end so there's only one character left that I'm going to add. They're more of a floating specimen in a jar though. Is it a spoiler to say that Mayra and Del are just the same person at different ages?

*118*2024-05-03 00:04

Part 74:

"What are you doing out here, Delphinium?" asked Clay.

Del tried not to blush. "I...felt like I needed to stretch my wings."

Clay's face fell a little. "You fly beautifully. I hate that we might have to take that away from you."

Del sighed. She inwardly debated snapping at him but took a deep breath instead.

Keyana leaned over toward Clay, close enough that he stepped back a bit. "What's this about?" she mumbled.

"Nelumbo wants Delphinium's wings," Clay said aloud with an apologetic glance at Del. Keyana looked Del up and down again. "Althy and I are working on diagnosing her with something that'll allow her to keep her wings without giving up her flying."

"Why lie? Have you thought of simply telling him no, Miss Liliaceae?" Keyana asked, directing the question to Del.

It flustered Del a little to be referred to as "Miss" in that brisk, confident tone of voice, and it made her fumble her thoughts for a few seconds. She took a breath to speak, but Clay was a little faster.

"Kiki, do you really think Nelumbo Nucifera would take no for an answer? It hasn't been *that* long since you've visited the Andyne Homeworld," Clay sighed.

"I suppose, but saying no couldn't hurt, could it?" Keyana glanced between Clay and Del. Some of the certainty in her face drained away. "Could it?"

The three of them spoke for the next few minutes, and Keyana gave Del her information. "I'll be back with the rest of Clay's uh...items...in two days, same time, same place," she told Del, boarding the ramp. "If you can spare about an hour, I can sign you on as a patient and take some samples. Do you mind needles?"

Del's heart was racing. She reigned in her excitement: this was almost too good to be true. "Like...for injections?"

"For a blood sample," said Keyana. "I'll need samples of blood, urine, saliva, and-"

Clay cleared his throat.

Keyana rolled her eyes. "-a reproductive tract kit. Seriously, Clay?"

Clay's face turned pink. In the pale moonlight, it didn't clash as much with his hair as usual. "This seems like something a patient might be...private about."

"You're a doctor, you've taken the same samples for your patients," Keyana pointed out. "It's standard procedure."

"Kiki, it's about Delphimium's privacy. I'm not just being a prude," Clay said firmly. "I know you're used to people being more open about it, but not everyone is."

"Point taken," said Keyana. "Didn't you want to check on Scraps?" Keyana hopped down from the ramp and let Clay board her small vessel.

"I apologize if that was out of line, Delphinium," said Keyana. "Would you like to keep our doctor-patient interactions private?"

"Yes, please," Del said in a small voice.

Keyana gave her a professional nod. "Alright. We won't have much to talk about until we get your test results back from the lab. That's way back east in Poverty Bay, so it'll take a while." She seemed apologetic, which didn't bode well.

"How long is 'a while'?" Del asked, clinging to a thread of optimism. She mentally braced herself for something like "ten years." The procedure just to sign up for gender-affirming care on the Andyne Homeworld was elaborate and demeaning, and sometimes it took more than eight years just to get a callback to schedule their first appointment. If the process was ten years in Ud, Del hoped it would at least be simpler than it was on the Homeworld and wouldn't require sponsorship from a parent or family elder.

"It could be as long as two weeks," Keyana said. "You know, with the extended holiday weekend in three days. Even if we sent the samples in today, it'd take more than a week to get the results."

Del felt lightheaded. She couldn't help taking another glance at Keyana's hovercraft.

"It's bigger on the inside," said Keyana.

"Really?"

Keyana snorted, "No. It's cramped, but it's home. I don't like getting wet, and my little Conodont is small enough to fit most under-land canals and arterials." She patted the matte black hull. "It doesn't have an airlock, but that gives me more living space and an excuse not to swim." Del nodded along awkwardly. "Meet me here, same time same place, in forty-eight hours. Bring a full bladder - at least full enough for your sample."

"What about the um..." Del crossed her hands in front of her crotch. "The RTK kit?" Depending on the patient's genitals, an RTK, or reproductive tract kit, was either a seminal fluid sample or a small semi-absorbent collection device, worn for a few hours.

"Will that be a problem?" asked Keyana. "I can assist if you need me to."

Del blinked. "N-no...but...can I do that in the bushes or something?"

"Of course. Whatever you need to get 'in the zone.'" Keyana winked. Behind her, Clay emerged from the hovercraft, clutching the bag to his chest. "How's Scraps doing, Clay?"

"The unit is holding. He should be fine until we transfer him to a larger one," said Clay.

"Scraps?" said Del, regretting it the second it came out of her mouth.

"He's one of the chib babies...er...C-h1B, the way Clay pronounces it," Keyana said offhandedly. Del couldn't help looking confused, and Keyana added, "You know, like Althea's daughter."

The color drained from Clay's face. He tried to speak and made a strangled noise.

"She..." Keyana winced and turned back to Del. "I don't think I was supposed to say that. You've met Althea's daughter, right?"

"Sort of, but not..." Del's mind was racing. The safest option was usually to play dumb, but it wouldn't work here. "Is there more than one?"

Keyana and Clay exchanged a glance. "Is there any reason not to tell her?" Keyana asked after a long moment.

"She's meeting with one of Nelumbo's corporate goons tomorrow." Clay turned to Del. "They moved it up to ten in the morning today, by the way."

"When did you find that out?" asked Del.

"Alvin got the memo while we were in my office," said Clay. "You and Althy left before he could give you the printout."

Neither Del nor Clay wanted to climb the cliffs on the beach to save five minutes after Keyana left, so they took the abandoned logging trail.

"I still have some things to do before I turn in, so I'm going back inside," said Clay. "Alvin will be in the maintenance room. Did you want to stop in with me, or should I just tell him I told you?"

"I'll go in," Del yawned. "It'll be useful to have the printout, and we're already taking the long way back."

They approached the maintenance room door near Clay and Althea's offices, and Alvin let them in. Another sports game echoed over the small tinny radio on Alvin's folding table, and he seemed to have given up on his game of solitaire.

"There you are, Del." Alvin strode across the room to his small folding table. Meanwhile, Clay passed through the room and opened the door that exited into the hospital wing. "Stay safe, Big C," Alvin told Clay. "I'll check on you in an hour."

Del considered asking where Clay was going, but she had to face her father's family's corporate goons in roughly seven hours and decided it would be best not to know too much. She could always ask later, she figured, looking up just in time for Alvin to hand her the paper.

"They moved it to the patient lounge for some reason," said Alvin, sitting back down at his table. He started gathering up his playing cards. Del looked at the paper and confirmed that her appointment was at ten in the patient lounge.

"It's as private as anywhere here, I guess," Del said. "When was the last time this place even had a patient?"

"The last one left..." Alvin counted on his fingers. "Six months ago. It's been three years since the last time this place was fully staffed; World Sleepers is sort of an oubliette now, where WS sends people they want to forget about."

That made a sickening amount of sense, Del thought. She excused herself and started for the door while Alvin dealt himself a game of free cell.

"The sliding door in the rec room is unlocked, by the way," he said after Del. "I never lock it."

The walk up the hill was brisk, pleasant, and lit by the gas moon now directly overhead. Del was able to get in through the rec room, where she pointedly didn't look at Althea's former couch and took the stairs up to Althea's room instead of an elevator.

___

I did something I wasn't expecting to do this chapter - I incorporated the title into the story. Now I can be like "yeah it makes sense eventually!" Pic is Clay. He's just a lil' guy so he likes his bulky sweaters.

&&

*120*2024-05-03 19:57

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

"I promise the title makes sense if you read the whole story."

}}

Or if they flip to the end. 😛 And this isn't even the end yet; it could end abruptly - I'm thinking about having the large group rendezvous with Helly and Bellis as the beginning of the next one instead of the end of this one. If I end up doing the former, this story could end maybe 10+ chapters quicker. But that's 10+ chapters getting written in the next one so it's the same amount of writing either way.

*121*2024-05-20 23:37

Part 75:

It wasn't like waking up in a swimming pool: contrary to the dream, Cyan had only just let go. Next to Cyan, Yarrow jolted upright and let loose a loud, whooshing burst under the blankets. Cyan felt themself flooding their shorts while Yarrow sleepily pawed at his pants and freed his dick. It was swollen enough to stick up and fire a neat arch straight ahead onto the duvet. He was about to steer it off the bed, but Cyan stopped him.

"No, keep it on the bed, remember?" Cyan yawned. "We just wash the sheets and wipe down the mattress."

"Oh yeah..." Yarrow rubbed his eyes and picked up the yawn. "As long as none of it gets on you. I've had a lot of dagger root today and we can't risk it."

"Don't worry about it. I can shower and rinse off if it gets on my skin," Cyan yawned, feeling the heat soaking into the tank top under their sweater. Realizing their sweater was still dry, Cyan hastily pulled it off and flung it onto the folding chair by the flight console. Cyan took off the tank top too, and put it down on their half of the duvet.

"What are you doing?" Yarrow gulped.

"Making sure I have some dry clothes," said Cyan.

Yarrow reached back and tried to unclip the wing closures on his side.

"I'll do that," said Cyan. The closure was on the same side as Cyan, so they had easy reach. Yarrow's sweatshirt and undershirt came off dry, and Cyan tossed them onto the folding chair. "You're sitting on your wing, by the way."

Yarrow twisted to pull his wing out from under himself, and it sent the stream of piss off the side of the bed.

"Shit-" Without thinking, Cyan reached over and aimed Yarrow back at the spreading wet spot in the duvet. They had to push down on it, and the odd placement of the urethra and Yarrow's relatively smaller size made it tricky to aim. Cyan managed it after a few seconds.

"Oh no," Yarrow gulped.

Cyan almost pulled their hand back and found it strangely hard to look up from steering Yarrow. When they did, they noticed that the threadbare carpet was changing color from nondescript dusty green to pale violet, darkening to a saturated navy blue as the urine soaked into the fibers.

"But...it's not...It's not blue," said Yarrow, looking down at himself.

"Yeah, not at all," replied Cyan. "It's one of the lesser-known features of the Limpet. Color-shifting flooring."

Cyan realized they weren't flooding the bed anymore, and felt a warm throb in their hand. Yarrow had swollen noticeably, and his flow was slowing. Cyan stared at it for a long moment before Yarrow spoke and made them both jump.

"You um...might not want to keep doing that," Yarrow gulped. Cyan supposed they didn't need to anymore now the stream had dwindled to a drip, so they pulled back their hand. Oddly, Yarrow seemed slightly disappointed, and something occurred to Cyan.

"Did you like that?" Cyan asked.

Yarrow's entire face turned bright red. "I..." He looked around frantically.

"No one else is around, Yarrow," said Cyan patiently. They knew how the homeworld Andynes could get...But how? The only homeworld Andynes they knew so far were Yarrow and possibly Mayra, the latter of which didn't act like it. And then there was all the strange esoteric airship knowledge, like the color-changing carpets.

Yarrow seemed unsure for a few seconds, took a deep breath, and said with some resolve, "I liked it...But we need to get you in the shower. If you're allergic to dagger root, it can cause a very painful reaction."

Cyan didn't think it would hurt them, but before they could protest, Yarrow scrambled off the bed and out the bedroom door, his wings bumping on the doorframe in his haste. While Yarrow turned on the tap, Cyan pulled back the blankets. Cyan's urine turned the sheets around them slightly more blue, and they couldn't see any of Yarrow's until they got to the part underneath the soaked spot. The spot had almost reached Cyan's feet and ankles, but all Cyan had to do was retract their feet. They stood and gathered up the sheets.

"I'll do that," said Yarrow, bustling back into the bedroom. "Did any of it-"

"None of it got on me," Cyan sighed. Yarrow didn't seem to listen, gathered up the sheets and bedding, and needed Cyan's help finding the washer. Once everything was in the washer, Cyan pulled off their soaked shorts and underwear and tossed them in. "We should wash your pants too."

Cyan let Yarrow drop his pants in, threw in some soap, and started the washer. It didn't slow the shower somehow, and Cyan was almost surprised not to have unexplained knowledge about it.

"The washer is attached to a reserve water tank," Cyan's thoughts filled in while Yarrow ushered them into the front room. The shower screen was out and they went around.

"Alright, where did it get on you?" Yarrow examined Cyan's body. Cyan noticed the dark red birthmark on Yarrow's side. Cyan's stomach did a backflip when Yarrow touched their leg and outer thigh, checking for moisture.

"That's what I was trying to tell you. I didn't get wet," said Cyan.

Yarrow sighed. "You flooded the bed too, Cy. I felt it. I do know what you mean, but can we rinse off, just in case? Miss Nucifera could be home at any time."

Cyan rinsed off first and started toward the bedroom to wipe down the mattress with cleaner when Yarrow stopped them, leaning out of the shower.

"I'll get it," insisted Yarrow. "Does Miss Nucifera's cleaner contain peroxide?"

"I'm pretty sure I'm not allergic to dagger root, Yarrow," said Cyan, though they'd stopped outside the door. A random burst of afternoon sunlight dappled the bedroom beyond, which made the blue urine-saturated streak on the carpet seem that much brighter.

The shower switched off and Yarrow stepped out, wrapping the towel around his waist. He wiped the mattress down thoroughly, leaving Cyan to stand there, watching him work. When Cyan offered to help put on the sheets, Yarrow refused.

"I don't want you stepping in..." Yarrow blanched a little every time he stepped over the wet spots in the carpet. He gave a full-on shudder when he looked at it. "...That. Are you sure there's nothing we can do to make it fade?"

Cyan shrugged. Yarrow's face went from pale to brilliant pink. Cyan wasn't wearing any clothing and was suddenly very aware of that. They looked down, saw what was there, and looked up, blushing themself. "I uh...think...I can't tell if it's..." Cyan stammered, paused, and took a breath. "I can't tell whether it's moisture, heat, or pH that's changing the color. You didn't get much on there, so I think it's best to let it dry and see if that helps."

In its cabinet, the washer stopped and chimed. Yarrow didn't protest when Cyan stepped forward to switch out the laundry and fell back on the bed, his wings spread, yawning, "How are you feeling, Cy?"

"Like I should know more about..." Cyan closed the washer. "...more about what I know, I guess."

"Any rashes? Soreness?" Yarrow asked, rubbing his eyes sleepily. "Any rednes-...I mean blue... I mean...inflammation?"

"None at all," replied Cyan, sitting on the edge of the neatly-made bed next to Yarrow. "But I still don't think I got any of your pee on me." Yarrow raised a wing on the bed so that Cyan could flop back next to him. "I'd like to try something. If I'm right, it'll put your mind at ease."

Yarrow sat up and stretched. "What is it?"

___

In true me fashion, I've been stuck on finishing Saoirse, Pia, and Avaris's rendezvous for like two weeks. Now that I finished it I'm hoping I can be less stuck and finally finish this. And then I'll go back through and edit all the chapters.

Pic today is Alvin the WS security guard. He likes the sportsball, but mostly as background noise.

&&

*123*2024-06-06 07:36

Part 76:

"It's a rendezvous," said Avaris. "As far as I know, there's no time limit. Is there, Sersh?" She stroked one of Saoirse's ears.

Saoirse sat reclining on Avaris, who reclined on Pia's long couch. Avaris had been sleepy after her orgasm, so the three had cleaned up and left the bathroom. Saoirse and Pia had put their nightshirts on, but Avaris hadn't wanted to bother with her dress yet and sat naked on the couch between two fuzzy waterproof blankets. Saoirse joined her while Pia poured them each a glass of water.

"No limit at all," Saoirse purred, nuzzling between Avaris's naked breasts. "Unless you have somewhere to be today?"

"Nope." Avaris slid a hand down to Saoirse's lower belly and pressed.

It got a satisfying squirm out of Saoirse and she gasped, "Not yet, Avi!"

At the kitchen counter, Pia strapped something on under her nightshirt. Avaris couldn't see what it was, especially with Saoirse pushing up against her. Avaris's bladder was already filling up again, but she didn't flinch.

The three of them watched the weather channel for the next half hour while drinking their water. A rainstorm was coming that evening, and though the rain would eventually lessen in the morning, it would continue for the next week. Avaris was beginning to doze off when Saoirse spoke.

"That'll put a damper on Miss May's plans," Saoirse yawned into Avaris's cleavage.

"On what plans?" Pia leaned on Saoirse.

"You know, the rendezvous with Helly and Bellis." Saoirse gasped and jumped: Pia was doing something to her under the blanket. "When someone gives you the smiley face-" Saoirse moaned. "Pia, I'm gonna pee-"

"Is that a bad thing?" Pia asked.

Saoirse writhed against Avaris and panted, "This is where Cyan sleeps."

"I put down the waterproof blanket while you were cleaning up in the bathroom," Pia replied, pulling her hand back. Saoirse relaxed and shifted to feel around under her butt to confirm.

"I insisted," agreed Avaris. "I wouldn't be sitting here naked without it."

"Oh. That's okay then," said Saoirse. Avaris slipped her hands around Saoirse's waist and felt her shiver.

"What were you saying about the smiley face?" Pia got back to work on Saoirse under the blanket. Saoirse's body was hot against Avaris, jumping rhythmically with whatever Pia was doing. Avaris could hear how wet Saoirse was, and Pia slowed when there was a quiet whooshing noise under the blanket.

"When someone gives you the smiley face, they usually have a set date in mind for a rendezvous," Saoirse breathed. "I think I'm ready."

Pia pushed the blanket up and took off her nightshirt, revealing the strap-on she'd been wearing. She lowered herself and entered Saoirse, who moaned aloud.

"Would you hold her in place, Avi?" Pia asked. A little taken aback by Pia's use of the nickname, Avaris obliged. She pulled Saoirse up under her arms, kissing her neck. Pia mouthed, "Thanks," while Saoirse's moans rose in pitch and volume. It made Avaris more aware that rain wasn't pounding on the windows anymore: if anyone passed by outside, Saoirse's moans would be clearly audible. Cyan could come back, with Yarrow because of course. The thought of getting caught made Avaris's stomach flutter, and she adjusted her grip on Saoirse. Saoirse was sweating and starting to buck her hips. She was moving too much for Avaris to keep kissing her neck, so Avaris just held on while Saoirse's cries rang in her ears.

"It's during business hours right now, isn't it?" Avaris asked Pia. Red-faced and puffing with effort, Pia nodded. "So the dockyard is open and anyone can just-"

Saoirse came, gushing while Pia thrust in and out with dogged determination. Just as Avaris lost her grip on Saoirse's body, Saoirse fell back on top of her, panting. Pia collapsed on the other side of the couch, and even Avaris was winded after that.

"Whoops," Pia wheezed. Avaris couldn't see what she was talking about until Saoirse shakily stood up. The waterproof blanket had slid off the backrest and there was a small wet spot underneath where Saoirse had squirted. "We'll just have to uh..." She pulled the blanket back further and found that the wet spot extended halfway across the cushion under Saoirse.

Pia made a face at the wet spot while Saoirse used the armrest to help her balance. The wet spot was wider than expected, but when Avaris poked at the spot, she noted that it hadn't soaked deeply into the cushion.

"I can bring over my steam vac if you like," said Avaris. "It takes a day or two to dry, but if you want to use it, Cy can stay with me for another night or two."

"Why do you have a steam vac?" asked Saoirse. Somehow, her nightshirt was dry.

"Same reason I would," Pia sighed.

"But don't you sleep in your bathroom?" asked Saoirse. Avaris stood up and helped Pia gather up the blanket. Underneath, a subtle blue tint to the cushion indicated where Cyan had had accidents in their first days at the dockyard.

"Not always. If I'm traveling a lot or if it's cold, I stay in the bedroom. I just have to wear...um..." Avaris tried to think of a way around it. "Well, that's why I got the steam vac."

Pia stretched, unsnapping the clasp on the strap-on.

"Are you ready for another round, Pia?" Saoirse purred while Avaris retreated to the bathroom with the blanket.

Pia took a long, steadying breath. "You can try. I don't know if I'll last long."

Avaris found the washer without any issues. It had Saoirse's drenched day clothes at the bottom. She didn't know what setting to wash the blanket on, so she turned to leave the bathroom to ask Pia when Pia walked in.

"Want to help water the tomatoes?" Pia asked. "I'll start the wash if you grab the chair in the shower."

The chair sat on the other side of the shower screen, still wet in places after a thorough rinse under the shower. Avaris shook drops of water off the chair and met Pia at the bathroom door.

In the living room, Saoirse came in from outside. "Coast is clear," she told Pia and Avaris in a half-whisper. She still wore her dry nightshirt.

Avaris went out first, carrying the chair in front of her, but ready to cover up using her wings if she had to. Pia followed, and Saoirse closed the door behind them. The afternoon sunlight was dazzling, and they shielded their eyes as they turned the corner and rushed down the stairs behind Pia's airship. The rain hadn't soaked into the ground yet, and they splashed through shallow rain puddles on the way to the planter. Pia directed Avaris to set the chair next to the planter and sat in it while Saoirse brought out the kneeling pad Pia used for weeding.

"Still up for a little oral?" Saoirse asked, padding on the dirt in her bare feet; she'd let Avaris borrow her flip-flops.

Pia pulled her legs up and Saoirse helped her stretch her glutes one leg at a time, pushing the first leg up and holding it there while counting to thirty. Avaris stepped over to the planter and set one foot up on the side to pee. She didn't feel like she needed to go that much, but she figured she should try since she might be going back inside without her "protection."

"Avi-" Pia grunted; her thigh pressed into her bladder, and her exposed vulva quivered. "Could you...um..."

"Don't be shy, Pia. Socially, anything goes during a rendezvous," said Saoirse matter-of-factly, releasing Pia's leg and switching sides to stretch the other.

Pia's bladder was squeezed again and it took her a second to regain her composure. "Avi, could you um...do that on me?"

Avaris let her foot back down. It took a surprising amount of effort to stop the process of letting go, and she had to clench up. "Sure. Not point blank though. I think I might be a little too full for that." She strolled around the planter, standing kitty corner to Pia.

"You think?" Saoirse snorted while Avaris raised one foot onto the corner of the planter and pulled aside the lips of her labia. Her pussy twitched and dribbled, and she took a deep, slow breath.

"It's why I need my protection. It sneaks up on me sometimes," Avaris let out a hot splash of urine, paused, and bore down for full pressure. It resulted in a hard spray that showered Pia while Saoirse stepped into its path and let it soak her nightshirt. Avaris concentrated her spray between Pia's legs, causing Pia to squirm and gasp for about fifteen seconds until the pressure drained away. Avaris finished emptying her bladder into the rain-damp earth around the tomatoes, swiveling her hips to spread it around more evenly. When Avaris looked up, Pia's vulva pulsated visibly in the sun. Saoirse let Pia's leg out of the stretch, carefully lowering it so she wouldn't hit it on the side of the planter.

"Your pressure is incredible," said Saoirse, getting to her knees next to Pia. "Would you like to help me with this?"

"Would I?" laughed Avaris, squatting down on Pia's other side. Avaris didn't have a kneeling mat like Saoirse, but hunkered down on her haunches, steadying herself on the arm of Pia's beach chair.

"Would you?" Saoirse bent over Pia, ready to go down on her.

Avaris snorted, "Would I?" and bent forward. "How can I help?"

Saoirse told her and began lightly licking Pia's clitoris while Avaris traced light lines on her inner thighs, working her fingers inward. Pia grunted and moaned, breathing slowly to keep herself from crying out. When Avaris reached the middle, probing Pia's outer labia with her fingers, and when she inserted a finger, Pia's hips rolled forward.

Saoirse pulled back to look up, stroking Pia's clitoris. Pia flinched with each stroke, whimpering quietly.

"Start going hard and fast now," Saoirse told Avaris. "She's about to blow."

"How do you know?" asked Avaris. She started thrusting the same way she'd done with Sinni and Pia twisted.

"I can smell it," said Saoirse, grinning, and dropped her head to resume her licking. Pia couldn't hold back her voice anymore, and her cries rang out in the open air. She started to buck, making thrusting momentarily difficult for Avaris before Saoirse held Pia's hips down. Avaris didn't stop when hot splashes burst out between thrusts.

Pia somehow managed to get her voice under control again, but only after screaming loud enough for the entire dockyard, probably even some people down in Segoe, to hear. Her orgasm ramped down and Avaris stood up, stretching, when Pia's body had finally relaxed. Pia slumped back in the chair while Saoirse sat up, flicking her tail. One hand caressed its way up Pia's thigh and slid a single finger into Pia's swollen pussy.

"What are you doing?" Avaris asked. Saoirse's finger moved in and out of Pia in quick motions, and when she pulled it out, Pia let her bladder go with a swooning sigh of relief. Saoirse aimed it neatly into the planter.

"We didn't really have to water the tomatoes, though, did we?" Avaris yawned.

"Well, no," said Saoirse placidly, aiming Pia's stream around the planter. "But with all the rain coming, it won't make a difference anyway."

___

I got my schedule mixed up and had an unexpected day off, so I did some editing. Pic today is a black and white pic of Del with her hair grown out. There's a random colors version and that'll be on the next.

&&

*124*2024-06-06 20:03

Part 77:

Yarrow gazed down into his melted festival freeze, which looked more like a bright green festival swamp water. It was only about half gone.

Yarrow had awakened with a slight headache, and the strong floral smell of the dagger root gave him a thin, painful throb at the back of his head. He stood in Miss Nucifera's kitchen wearing only his festival sweater; his undershirt had been sweaty, so it had gone into the wash with everything else. Cyan had put their sweater on too, and was having noticeably more trouble covering up their bits than Yarrow was. It had taken Yarrow considerable willpower to keep from staring at Cyan, and it was a relief to go to the kitchen, even if it was to get the dreaded festival freeze. The drink was bright blue-green, reminding Yarrow vaguely of Cyan's urine.

Yarrow snorted to himself. "I'd rather drink Cyan's piss-" he realized he was saying it aloud and stopped, trying not to blush. He could feel it not working, especially when Cyan answered.

"Did you say something?" Cyan asked, poking their head into the small kitchen. They were leaning forward and their sweater hung down in front of their crotch. Yarrow inwardly chastised himself for looking.

"I um..." Yarrow continued to fail at not blushing. "I was wondering aloud if that can of tea in the fridge was yours," he lied frantically.

"It's not mine, but Avi says we can have any of the teas if there's more than one can," said Cyan. They sidled past his wings in the small room and opened the refrigerator. "What flavor would you like?"

"Oh, I um..." To give himself something to focus on, Yarrow turned on the sink and poured water into his drink until the cup was full. "I'll worry about the dagger root drink first." Diluted, the festival freeze looked and smelled more bearable.

"Do you mind if I take the blood orange chamomile? There's only two left," said Cyan.

"I don't mind. I want to wash this down with something stronger than that," said Yarrow, and started chugging. At first, it was surprisingly refreshing. He abruptly remembered that he hadn't stirred it; the slightly thicker, syrupy texture of the festival freeze oozed into his mouth. Yarrow swallowed as fast as he could, trying not to taste it. It worked until he finished and got the aftertaste. As if reading Yarrow's thoughts, Cyan handed him a can of strong black tea. It had a pleasant, almost burnt caramel flavor that neutralized the dagger root nicely. Yarrow downed the can in two gulps.

"Thanks, Cyan," Yarrow sighed. He pulled the disposal bag out of the garbage bin under the sink after he dropped the cup into it and relined it with a new bag. He took the full garbage bag to the front door and set it down.

"Are you taking that to the disposal station?" Cyan asked. "Without your pants?"

Yarrow opened another can of strong black tea and took a sip. "Not without my pants. I wanted to wait for Miss Nucifera to get back." Yarrow hiccuped, and a burp brought the taste of dagger root back up. He took another gulp of his tea. "And I need to talk to Miss Eneko before five today about-" Yarrow suppressed another hiccup. "-something."

The two of them sat at the table in the front room. Yarrow's laptop was in his room at the inn, and he felt a little guilty when Cyan opened Miss Nucifera's laptop and connected it to the dockyard's network. A Homeworld streaming service popped up. Yarrow could already feel the dagger root taking effect, and the room seemed to swirl gently around him. It took him a second to read the title Cyan had clicked:

"Daffodil's Garden?" Yarrow read aloud.

"Do you mind if we watch it?" asked Cyan.

"No, I've just never really sat and watched it before," said Yarrow. "I've never watched much television, except Bill Door's Science Corps for science class. And the local news." He took another drink of his tea. "I'd be intrigued to watch Daffodil's Garden though, since it's why people call me 'Daffodil.'"

The segment that opened the show was a blue-haired Andyne child with fluffy tan wings going to a paper factory to see how the equipment worked and produced paper. The dyeing process was particularly mesmerizing in Yarrow's increasingly intoxicated state, and about ten minutes in he began singing along with a song about basic multiplication. Cyan joined in, steadying Yarrow while he giggled at the multiplication tables in the song lyrics.

Two half-hour episodes later, Cyan got up to check on the clothes dryer. They returned without the pants but with a sewing needle in a spool of off-gray thread and an alcohol wipe.

"What are those for?" asked Yarrow.

"For when we do that test, remember?" Cyan replied, starting another episode of Daffodil's Garden.

The next episode was an hour-long special titled, "All About Food Safety." One of the recurring characters, both in the puppet and live-action segments, was an evil chef who used unsafe preparation methods on food, cackling menacingly. Yarrow knew the sinister puppet chef would give his younger self nightmares, but he couldn't stop himself drunkenly laughing at it. He'd already finished his can of tea and refilled it with water twice, and his bladder didn't seem to be filling up at all until the very last second.

"Why is that cucumber singing?" Yarrow wheezed during the following segment. He'd been swaying, and Cyan caught him again before he could topple over sideways. "And why does he need a hairbrush?" He laughed so hard that his stomach started to hurt....only it was his overstretched bladder, not his stomach, and it was about to overflow. It woke Yarrow up like a splash of cold water to the face.

"Cyan, I'm going to pee," Yarrow said more calmly than he felt.

Cyan sat up quickly, pulled the needle from the spool of thread, and opened the alcohol wipe. Yarrow raised his sweatshirt and pushed his hips forward on the chair, dribbling. He somehow kept the chair under him dry, even as the room spun and wobbled around him. He closed his eyes, glad his stomach was empty, and took a deep breath. Yarrow's muscles relaxed and opened the floodgates onto the tile floor. It felt good.

Yarrow opened his eyes just in time to watch Cyan scratch themself with the needle on the back of their forearm. They bent over Yarrow's lap, holding their arm out while Yarrow tried unsuccessfully to splash it as little as possible. After a few attempts, Cyan reached down and aimed it themself, bending down further for the hard steam to hit the scratch.

The need to sleep was slowly hitting Yarrow like a ton of rectangular building things, and he leaned on Cyan again when they sat up, letting the highlighter yellow urine drip from their arm. They didn't let go of Yarrow's penis, and though Yarrow could see they were pointing the stream at the nearest fish-shaped drain, he was becoming increasingly aware of Cyan's touch down there. Oddly, it didn't slow him down, even as he swelled in Cyan's hand.

"Do you mind if I keep um...aiming?" Cyan asked. "It's less to clean up." They pushed through the awkwardness admirably, and when Yarrow looked up they were blushing.

This was his chance, Yarrow thought muzzily. His heart raced even as his brain dragged him closer to sleep: he would say something witty and charming, and Cyan would fall in love with him, like a starcrossed protagonist from the Haman "Love In The..." movie series.

Still bent forward over Yarrow, Cyan's face was only inches away. They locked eyes. Yarrow slurred, "You can touch it as long as you like." It didn't come out sounding like it had in Yarrow's head, but Cyan didn't recoil.

"Thank you," said Cyan, patting Yarrow's knee. "Are your feet still dry?"

Yarrow nodded, yawning. His flow trailed off, and Cyan waited patiently until he'd finished to lean over and survey the puddle. Yarrow dozed off afterward and woke when Cyan helped him to his feet.

"Careful not to step in it," Cyan said. They supported Yarrow through the doorway. Yarrow could hear the low droning of the dryer and it made him want to sleep more than ever. He was grateful when Cyan stopped at the bed and drew back the covers.

"Your hair is different," Yarrow yawned again, lying down. The sheets felt cool on his bare legs, and the pleasant throbbing between them made him hope that Cyan would join him.

"Is it?" Cyan pulled the blankets up over Yarrow.

"Yeah." Yarrow fought back sleep, gazing up at Cyan. "When we were in that haunted house where we peed on that sandy person's fake grave. It was all..." Yarrow raised a hand and moved it from side to side next to his face. "In like...swoops. It looks good on you."

Cyan patted Yarrow's shoulder. "Thanks, Yarrow." They straightened up and started toward the bedroom door. Yarrow opened his mouth to ask them where they were going and fell asleep instead.

___

Another chapter today, with the crazy color version of Del. I think I'm going to end this before the group rendezvous but I might still change my mind.

&&

*125*2024-06-07 22:46

Part 78:

Cyan let go, looking at the disposable "protective" garment Avi wore under her skirt while they soaked the scar tissue on her leg in blue urine.

"Don't you have washable um...protective garments?" asked Cyan, unable to keep a sigh of relief out of their voice. Cyan had been watching another episode of Daffodil's Garden when Avi arrived with Saoirse in tow. Cyan's bladder felt like it was about to burst, and they hurried back behind the shower screen with Avi.

"I found a small stash of the disposables in my storage closet, so I'm using them up. They're not as absorbent as the reusable ones," said Avi. "Where's Yarrow?"

Hearing Yarrow's name made Cyan's stomach do a backflip. "He's asleep; he didn't know how to dispose of the rest of his festival freeze, so he drank it all at once."

Avi winced, "Well, I'm glad I was going to ask if the two of you wanted to stay another night."

"Really?" Cyan gasped.

"It's um...I did that," said Cyan's voice in the shadowy bedroom. "Sorry, Avi. I thought I could hold it." Yarrow opened his eyes; his headache from earlier was back with what felt like a medium-sized orchestra of percussion instruments. He lay on his side facing the bedroom window and could see the blue spray of color he'd left on the floor. Miss Nucifera's muted tan and brown wing bobbed slightly in the corner of his vision next to Cyan's blue legs, wearing shorts again. Yarrow didn't want to move and exacerbate the pounding in his head, but he needed to tell Miss Nucifera that the splash of color in the carpet was his fault, not Cyan's. Yarrow would also need to get up and pee again soon, and he took a slow, deep breath in preparation to speak.

Miss Nucifera's voice sighed. "Cy, it's fine. Thanks for letting me know-"

The radio by the window lit up and gave its loud, droning chime. Cyan skittered into view to silence it, and Miss Nucifera answered it. She switched the speaker to a set of headphones and spoke quietly into the receiver.

"Oh uh...hi, Miss May," Miss Nucifera whispered. Miss Eneko's voice was a low murmur in the headphone speakers, and Miss Nucifera replied, "Yeah, she is. Did you want to talk to her?" She paused, listening. "OK, I can tell her...Ten minutes? I'll let her know. No problem." She hung up and flipped a switch that darkened the lights on the radio console. On her way out of the bedroom, Miss Nucifera opened a cupboard and removed something that sounded large.

Yarrow forced himself to sit up. It didn't hurt as much as he'd been dreading, but it was close. His can of tea sat on the nightstand next to him, refilled again with water. He drained it, knowing that it would take several minutes to start feeling better.

"Did we wake you?" Cyan asked quietly. Yarrow noted that his clean clothes lay folded on the other side of the bed.

"I'm not sure. What time is it?" Yarrow half-whispered.

"Almost seven," said Cyan. "I tried to wake you up before five, but you slept like a rock. How are you feeling?"

In the other room, Yarrow could hear Saoirse's voice in a questioning tone.

"Fogel," Yarrow corrected himself. He'd learned Saoirse's surname at some point, and it took a long moment to come back to him.

"What was that?" asked Cyan.

"Miss Fogel is here?" Yarrow asked, swinging his legs off the bed to put on his pants.

"She's here to borrow Avi's steam vac," said Cyan.

"I'll take the bag to the disposal station. It's on the way," said Miss Fogel's voice in the front room. Yarrow bolted to his feet, buttoning his pants.

"I'll do it," Yarrow said, staggering toward the door. "My festival freeze cup is in there."

When Yarrow reached the front room, Miss Nucifera and Miss Fogel had just left. He stopped and turned to face Cyan, who had followed him, puzzled.

"I have to go get that bag," Yarrow told Cyan urgently. Cyan helped Yarrow into his shoes, and they went outside.

"-you put the detergent into the first tank. Make sure the clamp is down before you start, or it has no suction." Muss Nucifera told Miss Fogel, standing on the boardwalk. Miss Fogel had a duffel bag slung over her shoulder, black with a circular company logo. On it was a stylized giant Andyne woman urinating off the top of a waterfall. Yarrow had seen that logo before, many times on the Homeworld; it had embarrassed him at first because the woman's genitals were clearly defined in the design. He still didn't understand why the Gyallp Cleaning Company needed nudity in their logo, but he'd gotten used to it over the years.

The air outside was blessedly cool, and though it was bright, the gray rainclouds muffled the sunlight to a level that Yarrow could tolerate.

"Hi, Yarrow. How are you feeling?" Miss Nucifera asked sympathetically.

"Hi, Yarrow," echoed Miss Fogel.

"Hi...I can take the garbage bag. It has the cup from my dagger root drink in it," said Yarrow.

Miss Fogel tried to wave him away. "I can do it. I have to go talk to Mayra. The disposal station is right where I'm meeting her."

"I can take it," Yarrow insisted. "And I need to ask her something anyway. Where's the disposal station?"

"I'll show you," Miss Fogel conceded, and handed Yarrow the bag.

Yarrow took a second to check out Cyan's arm while Miss Nucifera finished explaining the steam vac's controls. The scratch on Cyan's arm looked the same as it had just before they'd done the "test," and Yarrow resisted the urge to hug them out of relief.

Cyan stayed at the Limpet with Miss Nucifera, excited to help her cook while Yarrow left with Miss Fogel.

"The disposal station is out behind the dockyard shop, and that's where I'm meeting May," said Miss Fogel, twitching her tail. A cool breeze ruffled Yarrow's hair and feathers, and he stretched his wings out behind him one by one as they walked. "Why are you so worked up over the dagger root?"

"I know what can happen to non-Andynes who are allergic." Yarrow didn't want to think about that further and fell silent, wanting to change the subject. His head gave a nasty throb. So did his bladder.

"If the shop is unlocked, we'll get you some water from the fridge," Miss Fogel said. "There's a bathroom there too."

The two of them reached the shop two minutes later, and as they approached the door, it opened. Miss Eneko, clad in her bathrobe and a pair of long pink lotus-patterned pants, stepped out and shut the door behind her.

"Saoirse," Miss Eneko greeted Miss Fogel. "And...Yarrow?"

"He's here for the disposal station and wants to talk to you too," Miss Fogel explained. "What's up?"

Miss Eneko looked between Yarrow and Miss Fogel and sighed, "Well...I guess if you don't recognize the name, he might." She nodded in Yarrow's direction. "Saoirse, do you know someone from the Grisderm homeworld named Sylls? They called this afternoon and asked for you by your full name."

Yarrow didn't recognize the name, but Miss Fogel did. While Miss Eneko and Miss Fogel spoke, Yarrow glanced around for the disposal station. He couldn't see it.

Miss Eneko opened the door again. "Well, that's good to know."

"Can I um..." Yarrow spoke up shyly. "Would it be alright if I used the bathroom, Miss Eneko?"

Miss Eneko grimaced, her eyes darting in the direction of the bathroom.

"What is it?" asked Miss Fogel. Her ears twitched and she sniffed the air. "Did some animals get in again?"

"Throcken," Miss Eneko sighed. "They like to nest under the sink for some reason. I don't know how they get in every year. Pia wants to repurpose Cyan's old unit to make a nest for them." Miss Eneko beckoned for Yarrow and Miss Fogel to follow her. "If we don't clear it out by Saturday, we won't be able to use it."

"You mean for the rendezvous?" Miss Fogel asked. Yarrow felt the impulse to be scandalized, but he was concentrating too hard on holding his bladder to follow through with it.

The shop was spacious and neat. Yarrow tried not to look at the closed bathroom door as the three passed and instead looked at a few potted trees in one of the sunny back windows. A gutted hydrostasis transport unit sat grounded in the corner, on a raft cradled on its charging unit.

"Is this where you're going to have it?" asked Miss Fogel as they passed through the shop's back door.

"If it's raining." Miss Eneko held the door for Yarrow and Miss Fogel. "It looks like it probably will be. You and Pia are invited, of course. Could you let Avaris know she's invited too?"

The disposal station consisted of a covered area and what looked like a train-car-sized tank. Miss Eneko had Yarrow throw the garbage bag into the incinerator while she worked the controls. With that taken care of, Yarrow couldn't take it anymore: he sprinted behind the disposal station, anxious to keep his freshly washed pants dry. He burst as he reached the tree line and stopped there with his pants around his knees. Safely firing into the underbrush, Yarrow let out a long sigh.

"Ff-...frick," Yarrow breathed, surveying the small smattering of drops on his pants. Someone stepped up next to him and he almost jumped sideways.

"It's just me," Miss Eneko said calmly. She casually opened her robe, lowered her waistband, and pulled out a larger dick than Yarrow's. The stream she released into the bushes was bright yellow like Yarrow's, but noticeably clearer.

Yarrow gulped. He didn't want to look uncool in front of the woman nice enough to hire him-

"I keep my refrigerator out here stocked with bottled water. We'll get you one when you're done here," Miss Eneko said sympathetically. "Did you really chug half your festival freeze?"

"I-..." Yarrow floundered. His brain felt like a dried-out sponge. "I did. I don't know what the regulations on dagger root drinks are here, and I didn't want to pour it out."

"The standard practice here is to pour it down household drains, same as bleach," said Miss Eneko. "Helly and Bellis wanted me to remind you that you and Cyan are invited to the group rendezvous this weekend."

"I'll...talk to Cyan," said Yarrow, feeling awkward. He tried to clench up and stop and found that he couldn't. Next to him, Miss Eneko's stream was slowing.

"I'm surprised you don't call Cyan 'Mx. Williams," said Miss Eneko.

"It's not really their last name, is it?" Yarrow asked.

Miss Eneko shrugged. "I'm just assuming Cyan is related to Pia. Even if they're not, our cover story for now is that they're either Pia's sibling or half-sibling." She finished and shook off, leaving Yarrow as the only one still pissing. As was the Andyne custom, she pulled up her waistband, closed her robe, and patiently waited for Yarrow to finish.

"Why do you need a cover story?" Yarrow's headache was rapidly coming back after the temporary relief from the water, and he freed up one hand to rub his temples.

"Confidential medical reasons," Miss Eneko said slowly. Yarrow's head pounded again and cut off any replies he might've had. "I'm going to go grab something for you from the runabout. Meet me in the main room of the shop when you're finished."

At first, Yarrow felt a little perturbed about Miss May's break in custom, walking away like that, and he reminded himself that he wasn't on the Homeworld. He watched Miss May turn the corner around the shop and found that he enjoyed the temporary sense of privacy when she passed out of sight.

___

Another chapter without art attached; I'm attempting to teach myself to draw landscapes so I can draw places like the dockyard, Nilbog, Shell Bay, Chocolate Smudge, the Amphibious farmer's market, Lesser Redwater Falls, Segoe, etc.

*126*2024-06-22 09:59

Part 79:

Miss Eneko returned quickly, carrying plastic bottles of pale pink liquid. She waved to Yarrow, who still stood urinating by the trees, and went into her shop.

Yarrow finished not long after, waiting out a persistent trickle that wouldn't seem to stop. He considered walking directly back to Avaris's- no, Miss Nucifera's, he reminded himself sternly - Limpet. After a long moment dripping dry on the plants, he decided against it.

In the shop, Miss Eneko was arranging water bottles in a large refrigerator near the shop's back door. When Yarrow entered, she stepped back from the fridge and pointed out the bottles of pale pink liquid she'd brought in: berry-flavored electrolyte water. Yarrow broke the seal on one bottle and took a long drink.

"Saoirse was right; you really did need to go," said Miss Eneko, taking two bottles of water from the fridge and setting one next to the unopened electrolyte water. "She also said you needed to talk to me?" She led him into the wide main room of the shop with the medical unit in the middle and leaned back against her work table. Yarrow could see that she'd preened recently; her blue and tan feathers were full and glossy. It made Yarrow feel scruffy in comparison, even though he'd kept his wings dry when he'd flooded the bed earlier. He looked away, embarrassed, and his eyes settled on the gutted medical unit. It occurred to him that Cyan had probably come from that. Yarrow wanted to walk around it to get a closer look, inwardly debating whether or not it would be impolite to ask Miss Eneko. Another loud throb rang in his head, not as bad as just a few minutes ago, but enough to push that thought aside with a wave of nausea.

Yarrow resisted the urge to chug his drink, took a restrained draught, and set the bottle down. "I wanted to ask for a ride for either tomorrow or the next day."

"To where? I'm going north to Chocolate Smudge after we do your paperwork in the morning."

Yarrow told her.

Miss Eneko nodded. "That could work tomorrow, but we'd have to leave around seven in the morning to make it work. Are you okay with that?"

"And one more thing?" Miss Eneko said as they exited the shop to go their separate ways. The rain clouds had closed in again, and it was beginning to mist. "You don't have to be so formal all the time. Call me May. I understand you want to show respect, but I assure you, nobody here minds being called by their first name."

Yarrow felt much better after drinking most of the electrolyte beverage. "I'll try," he said. "Is 'Miss May' okay? I've heard Pia use it."

In the distance, a small aircraft floated over the dockyard, headed for the spot next to the runabout. Miss Eneko - Miss May - waved, and Yarrow recognized Azri within waving back. "Miss May is fine. If we leave by six forty-five tomorrow, we can stop in Shell Bay and get some donuts." They said good night, and Miss May walked around to meet Azri, who Yarrow realized he didn't think of as "Miss The Destructor." Yarrow laughed out loud in the empty dockyard, and it only hurt his head a little.

The rain drummed on the ceiling of the Limpet while Cyan and Avi watched "Love in the Snow." The Haman "Love In The..." movie series followed the exploits of an asexual Haman gentleman of the Priest Caste, Alistair Antzera, who solved mysteries and helped his co-protagonists find love. The premise was corny but entertaining, and they were halfway through when Yarrow arrived, carrying two bottles of pink electrolyte beverage under one arm, one almost empty, and an unopened bottle of water. Yarrow sat down next to Cyan, and the three of them finished "Love in the Snow." The cabbage rolls Cyan and Avi had made were ready as the end credits rolled, and they ate while watching the next film in the series, "Love in the Walk-In Cooler."

Azri showed up just under an hour later and supervised Avi's "treatment." Cyan had an unexpected bit of performance anxiety with Yarrow there. Cyan managed to soak the scar on Avi's leg without emptying their whole bladder and Azri quickly checked in on all three of them. She informed all three that she would be gone from the next morning until Saturday, taking her kids to the Crystal Cove book fair.

"Della's coming up here with me before we leave in the morning," Azri told Cyan, jotting down Cyan's vitals. "What did you want to talk to them about?"

"How they um..." Cyan hesitated. "How they knew they're nonbinary."

"Ah," said Azri. "That seems like something you should discuss with them. Would it be too personal to ask you how you knew yourself?"

Cyan looked around. Avi was busy typing on her laptop and Yarrow was in the kitchen washing dishes. Cyan tried to relate it to Azri and found it easier than expected. Azri agreed to discuss it more after the rendezvous on Sunday and left for the evening.

Yarrow came out of the kitchen about ten minutes after with the can recycle bag, jingling with empty tea cans. Avi and Cyan sat reading at the front table, and Yarrow stopped behind them to step into his shoes.

"I'm just taking out the cans and scouting around for a site on my way back," said Yarrow.

"Take my umbrella," said Avi. The rain outside had slowed down, but it would start again soon.

"Can I go too? I've never actually been to the disposal station," said Cyan.

Dusk was just starting to settle outside, and the heavy gray clouds made everything dimmer. The cold, wet wind lashed the plateau the dockyard sat on, causing both of them to squint. Mayra had already turned on the nighttime dockyard lights, and in the distance, sitting next to the dockyard shop, loomed a tall, boatlike shape. Cyan knew they'd have to pass it and glanced at Yarrow.

"I thought this was the slow season," Cyan said, just to have something to say. A gust of wind threw water droplets off a nearby pole, showering them in chilly water. Cyan felt a random urge to pee; Avi's "treatment" had relieved some pressure, but they were saving up. Cyan hoped vaguely that whoever owned the hulking airship next to Mayra's shop would stay inside.

The shop door was closed, and as Cyan and Yarrow approached, the wind whistled and heavy drops of rain began falling, first plunking onto their heads, then drumming on the shop's metal roof. It quickened

Yarrow didn't try the door and skirted the shop building under the eaves. He shouted something, losing everything except "this way!" in the din. A few seconds later, they reached the covered concrete pad where the disposal station sat. The station had an industrial-sized crusher for metal waste; Yarrow dumped them in, the clanking of the cans lost in the noise from the downpour, and closed it. He bent down and squinted at the controls, holding one wing out to shield himself and Cyan from the wind. The wind howled, sounding strangely like a feminine voice, but Cyan paid it no mind, trying to help Yarrow work out the can crusher's controls. It was helping distract them from how badly they needed to pee.

A hand tapped Cyan's shoulder. Cyan jumped, having to clamp their hand between their legs to keep from flooding their shorts. They whirled around, colliding with Yarrow's other wing, and met a set of luminous blue eyes.

___

It wasn't confusing enough, so here's a new character. She's been mentioned but she hasn't shown up here until now, and there's a drawing or two of her in this thread somewhere.

Art is the airship docking spot that Avaris almost fell off of on the day of the festival, except it's early on a rainy morning here (from chapter 81). It's also where Pia first ran off to to pee in my earlier "Cassiopeia Gets a Job" short stories elsewhere. The lake in the background is kinda sorta based off a lake I visit sometimes in the Cascade mountains.

&&

*127*2024-07-30 18:41

Part 80:

Yarrow looked around in time to see Cyan grab their crotch. Their eyes were wide, and Yarrow followed their gaze to a tall, thin orange and white-furred Renoige woman. The woman had striking blue eyes, asymmetrical ginger tabby-striped spots in her white fur, a long fluffy orange-ringed tail, and long straight hair on her head, white streaked with ginger and drawn up into a ponytail.

"Do you work here?" the woman shouted over the rain. "Or have you seen Miss Eneko?"

Yarrow stood up. He'd had a lot of water, and his full bladder wasn't helping him concentrate on the crusher's dials. The buttons, levers, and sliders had cryptic symbols instead of words, and only about half made anything approaching sense. Part of Yarrow wanted to tell the woman that he couldn't help her but found that he couldn't admit that in front of Cyan. "I do. What do you need?"

"Do you have a water line adaptor for-" The rain slowed abruptly and she stopped shouting. "-for small to medium-sized Renoige vessels?"

That, at least, was something that Yarrow knew about. Like all good dockyard owners, Miss May kept a stock of various adapters, neatly organized and labeled. Yarrow had seen it on the way out of the shop earlier that day and knew exactly what she was looking for and where it was.

The back door to the shop was connected to the disposal station by a short covered walkway. "I don't have any keys, but if the shop is unlocked I can get it for you," said Yarrow, hoping he sounded cool and professional. Cyan seemed impressed, and Yarrow couldn't help smiling.

The shop's back door was unlocked, and the rain kicked up as Yarrow eased it open. He mouthed, "I'll be right back," to Cyan and the woman, who nodded their understanding.

Inside the shop, the noise from the rain was only slightly muffled. Yarrow thought he could hear a slow, steady drip echoing from somewhere. He thought it might be a leak in the roof and padded across the polished concrete floor toward the supply shelves in the shop's front corner. Yarrow noticed that the light was on in the bathroom as he passed and gave in to his curiosity. If Miss May had been lying about the animals nesting in the bathroom for whatever reason (lying about small things like that was extremely common in the Andyne Homeworld), it would be a nice, dry, private place where he and Cyan could-

A low, angry growl rose as Yarrow cracked open the door, and he opened it just enough to see the gold-ringed eyes and bared teeth of the mother animal, which reminded Yarrow of a small black and white tanuki, before hastily pulling the door shut again. Almost as if caused by Yarrow shutting the door, something heavy and metallic clattered to the floor in the next room. The slow dripping had sped up despite the slowing rain, and a second clatter rang through the shop. Yarrow jumped a second time and felt a hot squirt of urine in his pants. It felt good, and he clenched up agonizingly hard to stop it.

Heart racing, Yarrow glanced around. His eyes settled on a long thin shape next to the gently fizzing radio console: a flashlight. Yarrow picked it up, turned it on, and reluctantly crept toward where the noises had come from. He decided he'd take a quick cursory look for the leak, and he could get a closer look at Cyan's medical unit; he'd asked Cyan about it, and Cyan had confirmed it. They didn't seem to attach much importance to the unit, which had been thoroughly stripped and gutted.

Painfully aware that he was keeping Cyan and the renoige customer waiting, Yarrow boldly strode across the floor of the shop's large repair bay. He could hear where the steady dripping noise was coming from: the front corner of the room near the workbench, behind him. It was slowing, and knowing he'd see it on the way out, Yarrow turned the flashlight onto the medical unit.

The first thing Yarrow noticed was the patches and new wiring on the sides. The unit had its own hover plate but sat flat on a hovering repair raft. A pencil-drawn schematic was fastened to the door, with the intended modifications in blue and red pencil. Yarrow padded close and examined it in the beam of the flashlight, bouncing on the balls of his feet. He turned around, intending to retrieve the adapter and find somewhere to pee in short order when movement caught his eye in the shadowy front corner.

Whatever it was, it was larger than Yarrow had expected. He took a long, terrifying moment to work out what the hulking tan and blue shape was.

Thirty seconds later, Yarrow emerged into the renewed roar of the rain to Cyan and Miss Sylls, who stood with their hands over their ears. Miss Sylls mouthed her thanks and retreated into the dark curtain of rain beyond the roof.

Yarrow exchanged a glance with Cyan, took Cyan's hand, and they left the covered area. Cyan fumbled with the umbrella and pulled close to Yarrow so that they were both covered. When Cyan tried to raise the umbrella over Yarrow's wings too, the wind almost pulled the handle out of their hand. Yarrow caught it and brought the umbrella back down over their heads.

"Don't worry about it," Yarrow half-shouted over the rain. "My feathers are mostly waterproof."

Navigating the dockyard was much more difficult in the dark and pouring rain, and they had to backtrack at several dead ends. Each one seemed to fluster Cyan, which wasn't like them at all, Yarrow thought. Without any warning, Cyan stopped. A gust of wind slapped them with rainwater, which Cyan turned away from while Yarrow turned toward him and raised his wings around them. Before Yarrow knew what was going on, he stood face-to-face with Cyan. Cyan's eyes were wide, and the orange dockyard light behind Yarrow shone through the clear plastic of the umbrella. Yarrow supposed it would almost be romantic if he weren't about to pee his pants. He pushed the notion of romance aside: he'd known Cyan for just a few days.

Cyan shuddered, and Yarrow thought they might pass out. Yarrow's mind raced: the nearest medical facility was the nurse's station in Segoe. The Silverling airship owned by Miss Williams was the closest place he could take Cyan, and from there he could-

"I'm sorry, Yarrow," Cyan grunted. They were shaking and gave Yarrow a smile that was strained but sweet. "I thought I could hold it."

A barely audible rushing sound prompted Yarrow to look down at the dark spot spreading in Yarrow's shorts. Yarrow's stomach did a backflip, but he couldn't give in to that yet: they could be having a seizure or other kind of reaction.

"Are you okay, Cyan?" Yarrow asked seriously, examining Cyan's face.

Cyan gulped, "I'm fine, I just really had to go. Sorry." Rain lashed them again and Yarrow tightened his wings around them. A hot drip from Cyan's shorts hit Yarrow's foot, reminding him he needed to go too.

Yarrow spread his feet, relaxed his abdominal muscles, gathered his concentration, and let go. He took a deep breath and moaned as he exhaled, enjoying the spreading warmth.

"Did..." Cyan looked down.

"I'm already soaked up to my knees," Yarrow sighed. "Might as well finish the job." In response, Cyan looked down and then back up, blushing; somehow the orange of the dockyard lights made it easy to see.

A cold wind threw more water at them, some of it spraying over Yarrow's wing.

"It's cold. Can we walk and pee?" Cyan asked. The rain picked up and got louder, so Yarrow nodded his affirmative. The two began to speed-walk back to the Limpet, huddled together under the umbrella. Yarrow had to pull in his wings to keep the wind from catching them. The walk should have been cold, wet, and miserable. It wasn't.

They arrived back at the Limpet so quickly that Yarrow still wasn't finished yet. He stopped at the door and told Cyan to go on - the rain was cold and almost sideways.

"What's wrong?" Cyan asked close to Yarrow's ear. Their warm breath made Yarrow shiver.

"I'm still going," Yarrow said in Cyan's ear. He rubbed his lower belly to illustrate it. Knowing that he was blushing, he half-mouthed, "Almost done." Cyan nodded their understanding and waited patiently. When he finished he thought of adding, "Much better!" but he wanted to get Cyan inside. The rain was cold and that probably wasn't good for them.

Yarrow pulled the door shut behind them after Cyan shook out the umbrella.

"Oh no," said Miss N-...Avaris. Miss Avaris, Yarrow decided, She *had* been his client after all. She sat on her mesh cot, folding a load of laundry. "Well, I guess it's a good thing you took the umbrella."

Panting from the brisk walk, Yarrow looked down at himself, dreading what he might see. He was drenched from the rain up to his chest. Cyan was drenched too: the umbrella had only kept their heads and shoulders dry.

Miss Avaris stood up and handed them each a towel from the folded stacks of laundry on her bed. "You two can warm up in the shower. Have you got any dry clothes, Yarrow?"

___

I decided to post this if I had either a buffer of at least five chapters or the art. I'm on part 87. 🙂 I can picture the art I want to make clearly in my mind but I can't seem to get it to the point where I can start.

