[Fallout 4] Nuka-Cola Quantum

Author: Ariose Toast

*000*2018-09-17 19:13

Nora silently crouched in the hallways of the East Boston Prep School. Kessler, the woman in charge of Bunker Hill, had sent her here to eliminate the raiders who had made the building their headquarters. Nora preferred to operate by stealth, methodically picking off raiders in ones and twos before they knew what hit them. This method had been working out quite successfully for her, except for one little problem. You see, being stealthy required Nora to be very cautious, moving slowly and taking her time so she wouldn’t slip up and be detected. And as a result, she tended to take a long time completing her missions. Normally, this wouldn’t be much of a problem for her. The wasteland didn’t exactly keep strict deadlines and tight schedules, since life as we know it had already been blown to nothingness in a nuclear holocaust.

But earlier during her mission, Nora had been caught unsuspecting by a raider armed with a rocket launcher. While she had managed to take him out before getting blown to bits, she had taken a hefty amount of splash damage from a few poorly placed rockets (Chems and aiming heavy weaponry don’t exactly go well together). In order to restore her lost health, Nora had chugged a neon blue Nuka-Cola Quantum before slipping off into the shadows again. She had no idea what chemicals the Nuka-Cola Corporation crammed inside the neon blue beverage, but they seemed to have healing powers rivaling that of a Stimpack. Unfortunately for her however, one of those chemicals contained in the irradiated beverage also seemed to have a very strong diuretic effect on her.

So now, a couple hours into the mission, the Quantum had passed straight through her body into her bladder, and Nora could feel that she was nearing her breaking point. All her crouching didn’t help the situation either, but there was no other way for her to remain silent while picking off raiders. And, though she desperately wanted to, there was no way she could just let loose right there without the sound giving her away. Plus, even though raiders were of little challenge for her, getting caught with her pants down(literally) could get her captured, or worse, killed.

Distracted by her predicament, she almost didn’t notice the raider rounding the corner of the hallway she was in. Fortunately for her, he was probably high on Jet and didn’t even notice as her silhouetted figure pulled out a silenced pistol and landed a perfect headshot. Thankfully her full bladder hadn’t dulled the instincts that got her this far in the Wasteland. However, the rush from the incident did cause her to leak a little into her tight blue Vault 111 jumpsuit. Nora knew this meant she didn’t have much time left before she completely lost control.

She was no stranger to holding her pee in for long periods of time, however. She was a lawyer in her pre-war life, and had endured many a long, dull court case without a break to use the restroom. But her iron will (and bladder) meant that she’d never had an accident in the courtroom. Not that there weren’t a few close calls. There were quite a few cases after which she immediately rushed off to the bathroom to violently relieve the tension in her bladder. And she had never confessed it to anyone, not even her husband, Nate, but she felt sort of turned on whenever she would desperately relieve herself like that. One night, she even brought herself to orgasm in the stall after a case where she was particularly desperate.

But now here she was, almost 200 years later, on the verge of her first real accident. But she knew there were only a couple raiders left and then the raider boss. Nora strengthened her resolve and crept on, ignoring the spasms in her bladder with each careful step. As she approached the “throne room” of the raider boss, she noticed a small group of raiders just around the corner: the boss’ guards. The guards were too many to take out without someone noticing, but they were bunched up tightly. At this point, Nora had started to leak even more, but she knew what she had to do. So she crept up to one of them in the shadows, slipping a live grenade into his pocket, then crept away. What happened next was almost too fast for Nora to process.

Bang! The explosion took out all the guards, just as she planned, but the force from the explosion caused another massive leak into her vault suit, now with an obvious dark patch around her crotch (not that anyone really cared at the present moment). Just as the raider boss came rushing out at the noise, she pulled out her strongest weapon, a plasma pistol she had modified herself. An intense but quick firefight ensued, and the next thing Nora knew, the raider boss laid dead on the floor next to his cronies.

But the fight had been too much for Nora’s overextended bladder, and in the same instant she realized she had won, she realized she was pissing herself full force into her jumpsuit. She initially tried to regain control, grabbing at her soaked crotch, but soon saw that it was hopeless. Interrupting her embarrassment, a notification popped up on her pip-boy, indicating that the area had been cleared of hostiles. Now alone, Nora slumped down onto the floor, exhausted from fighting both the raiders and her bladder for so long. She continued to soak herself on the ground for what seemed like an eternity, immensely enjoying the feeling of completely soaking her blue vault suit. After finally letting the last drops out, she recalled that one night in the stall in the courthouse and began to rub herself through her jumpsuit to the best orgasm she’s had in, well, nearly 200 years.

###

After recovering from her climax, Nora pulled another bright blue bottle of Quantum out of her pack. She sipped it slowly, recovering health lost in the battle, but more importantly, thinking she could have a little more fun by the time she got back to her home in Sanctuary Hills.

I've lurked on here for a long time, but finally got myself to write a story of my own for the first time! If you liked this one I was thinking of doing fanfics on other games I know as well, maybe New Vegas or Dota. I'd love to hear any feedback you guys have in the comments below. Thanks!

(Also, how do I add tags lol)

*006*2018-11-11 03:11

Hey guys, I know it's been awhile, but I really appreciate all the positive feedback. I've been busy with school and all that in the meantime, but I finally published a second story! This one is a lot longer (I guess I got carried away lol) but it takes place in the same universe as the above story (I think with future stories I'll start branching out). Anyways, the link is provided below. Hope you guys like this one as much as the last.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/47041-fallout-4-the-raider/?do=embed"

