Aubrey's Wet Jet Flight

Author: alleycat89

*000*2026-02-19 17:51

Aubrey Thompson stepped into the private terminal at the Charlotte airport, her heart pounding with a mix of excitement and anxiety. At twenty four years old, she was on the cusp of a major career breakthrough. Her auburn hair fell in soft waves past her shoulders, and her emerald eyes scanned the surroundings with curiosity. She wore a crisp white blouse that hugged her slender figure, tucked neatly into high waisted black slacks that accentuated her long legs. Underneath, she had chosen a pair of soft cotton panties with a delicate lace trim, comfortable yet feminine, paired with a matching bra. Her ballet flats were practical for travel. She carried a large tote bag filled with her laptop, portfolio, and a water bottle she sipped from absentmindedly.

The job interview in New York was her dream opportunity at a prestigious graphic design firm. Mr. Harlan, the CEO, had arranged for his private jet to ferry her there, a gesture that made her feel important. She had skimmed the email from his assistant mentioning the jet's specifications, including the lack of a bathroom, but she dismissed it. Four hours was manageable, she thought. She had used the restroom at the lounge just before boarding, and besides, she was an adult. What could go wrong?

Captain Reyes, a seasoned pilot with a reassuring smile, greeted her at the aircraft stairs. His co pilot, Lisa, nodded warmly. The jet was a compact Cessna Citation M2, sleek and white, designed for efficiency rather than luxury. Aubrey climbed aboard, ducking slightly under the low ceiling. The cabin was intimate, with four plush leather seats arranged in facing pairs, a small table between them, and minimal storage. No galley, no entertainment system, and certainly no lavatory. She settled into a window seat, buckling her seatbelt as the engines whined to life.

The takeoff was smooth, the plane ascending gracefully into the morning sky. Aubrey gazed out at the receding landscape, her mind buzzing with interview preparations. She opened her laptop, reviewing designs and jotting notes. She took a few sips from her water bottle, hydrating to stay sharp. Earlier that morning, she had enjoyed a large coffee and a cup of tea to soothe her nerves. Now, as the jet leveled off at cruising altitude, she felt a faint twinge in her lower abdomen, a subtle reminder of those liquids. Her bladder was filling slowly, but it was nothing alarming yet. She crossed her legs casually, focusing on her work.

The first thirty minutes passed in relative peace. The hum of the engines provided a steady backdrop, and the air conditioning whispered cool air over her skin. Aubrey shifted in her seat, uncrossing and recrossing her legs. The pressure in her bladder was building, a gentle fullness that she attributed to the altitude. She ignored it, typing away. Her panties felt soft against her skin, a comforting layer beneath her slacks.

By the forty five minute mark, the sensation had intensified. Her bladder felt heavier, like a balloon gradually inflating inside her. She pressed her thighs together, feeling the subtle warmth between her legs. Her urethra tingled slightly, a faint urge to release that she pushed aside. She stood up briefly, stretching in the narrow aisle, hoping the movement would distract her. The plane's slight vibrations traveled through her body, amplifying the pressure. She sat back down, her mind wandering to the interview questions. What if they asked about her creative process? She needed to stay focused.

As the one hour mark approached, Aubrey's discomfort grew more pronounced. Her bladder ached with a persistent fullness, pressing against her internal walls. She could feel the liquid sloshing faintly with each movement, a warm weight centered low in her pelvis. Her pussy felt sensitive, the lips slightly swollen from the building tension. She adjusted her position, leaning forward slightly, her hands resting on her lap. The lace trim of her panties dug in a bit, but it was still comfortable. She took a deep breath, willing the sensation away. The flight was only a quarter over. She could handle this.

Captain Reyes's voice came over the intercom, calm and professional. They were making good time, with three hours remaining. Aubrey nodded to herself, sipping more water out of habit. Big mistake. The additional liquid only exacerbated the issue. Now, her bladder felt stretched, the muscles contracting involuntarily to hold back the growing volume. A sharp pang shot through her urethra, like a needle prick urging release. She clenched her pelvic floor muscles, feeling her pussy tighten in response. The sensation was intimate, a mix of pressure and warmth spreading through her core.

She tried to distract herself by looking out the window. Clouds billowed below, vast and white. But her thoughts kept returning to her body. Her bladder was now a throbbing orb, demanding attention. She rocked subtly in her seat, the leather creaking under her. Her slacks pressed against her abdomen, adding to the constraint. Underneath, her cotton panties absorbed a hint of sweat from her nervousness, clinging lightly to her skin.

At one hour and fifteen minutes, the desperation escalated. Aubrey's bladder felt impossibly full, the walls straining against the accumulated urine. She imagined it as a taut balloon on the verge of popping. Her urethra burned with the effort of containment, a constant stinging that made her wince. Her pussy throbbed in sympathy, the inner folds growing moist from the strain, not arousal but sheer physiological response. She pressed a hand discreetly to her crotch, feeling the warmth through her slacks. The lace edges of her panties shifted, irritating her sensitive skin.

She stood again, pacing the tiny aisle. Each step sent jolts through her body, the liquid in her bladder shifting like waves in a storm tossed sea. She paused, squeezing her thighs together, her knees buckling slightly. A small bead of sweat trickled down her back, soaking into her blouse. Her heart raced, pounding in her ears. This was ridiculous. Why had she not anticipated this? The plane's confinement felt claustrophobic now, the lack of a bathroom a cruel oversight.

Sitting back down, she crossed her legs tightly, one ankle over the other. The pressure in her bladder intensified, a deep ache that radiated to her lower back. Her urethra felt like it was on fire, the opening quivering with the need to let go. She bit her lip, suppressing a gasp. Her pussy clenched rhythmically, trying to aid in the hold, but it only heightened the sensation. The cotton fabric of her panties was damp with sweat, sticking to her labia in uncomfortable patches.

By the ninety minute point, Aubrey was in quiet agony. Her bladder screamed for relief, the fullness overwhelming. She could feel every milliliter of urine pressing against her sphincters, begging to escape. Her urethra pulsed with urgency, a hot, insistent burn that made her eyes water. Her pussy felt engorged, the lips puffy and sensitive, the moisture increasing as her body fought the inevitable. She rocked forward and back, her hands wedged between her thighs, applying external pressure.

The turbulence hit then, a mild bump that shook the plane. Aubrey gasped as a tiny spurt escaped, warm and sudden. It trickled through her urethra, a brief release that soaked into her panties. The cotton absorbed it quickly, but she felt the wetness spread, clinging to her pussy lips. The lace trim became sodden, sticking to her skin like a second layer. Panic set in. She clenched harder, stopping the flow, but the damage was done. A small damp spot formed on her slacks, hidden for now.

Her mind raced. This could not be happening. She was a professional woman, not some child. But the body had its limits. The remaining two and a half hours loomed like an eternity. She wiped sweat from her forehead, her breathing shallow. The air in the cabin felt thick, the engines' drone mocking her plight.

As the second hour began, Aubrey's desperation reached new heights. Her bladder was a distended sac, aching with overfill. The pressure was constant, a vice like grip on her insides. Her urethra throbbed relentlessly, the burning sensation spreading to her clitoris, making every movement electric. Her pussy was slick with a mix of sweat and the escaped dribble, the inner walls contracting in futile attempts to help.

She uncrossed her legs, trying a different position, but it only worsened the urge. Another small leak happened, this one more substantial. Warm urine surged through her urethra, a hot stream that lasted a second before she clamped down. It soaked her panties further, the cotton heavy and clinging to her vulva. The lace edges chafed against her thighs, the fabric molded to her contours. She felt the wetness pool at the base of her pussy, trickling toward her anus.

Tears welled in her eyes. She whispered to herself, hold on, just hold on. But the body betrayed her. The plane's vibrations sent constant reminders, each one threatening another escape. Her slacks now showed a faint outline of dampness, the black fabric darkening subtly.

Lisa glanced back from the cockpit. Everything okay? Aubrey forced a smile, her voice steady despite the turmoil. Yes, just fine. She could not admit this embarrassment. Not yet.

The next thirty minutes were torture. Aubrey's bladder felt like it would rupture, the walls stretched thin. The urine inside pressed mercilessly, sloshing with every shift. Her urethra was a point of fire, the opening spasming with the need to open fully. Her pussy ached, the lips swollen and sticky, the panties a sodden mess adhering to every fold. The cotton fabric pulled taut, outlining her anatomy in uncomfortable detail. The lace trim dug in, irritating the sensitive skin around her thighs.

She tried deep breathing, inhaling slowly, but each breath pushed against her bladder, increasing the pressure. Another turbulence pocket hit, and she lost control briefly. A longer spurt gushed out, hot and forceful through her urethra. It flooded her panties, the warmth spreading across her pussy and down her inner thighs. The cotton soaked through, clinging wetly to her labia, the fabric transparent in places. She felt the urine seep into the seat, but the leather absorbed some.

Humiliation burned in her cheeks. She curled up, knees to chest, hands pressing hard against her crotch. The pressure helped momentarily, but the leaks continued in small dribbles. Each one sent a wave of relief mixed with shame, the warm liquid coating her pussy and making the panties stick like glue.

By two hours and fifteen minutes, Aubrey was sobbing quietly. Her bladder still held most of the load, but the constant leaks had weakened her resolve. The fullness was unbearable, a pounding ache that consumed her thoughts. Her urethra burned with each escape, the sensation raw and exposed. Her pussy throbbed, the wetness making everything slick and sensitive. The panties were drenched, the cotton heavy against her skin, molding to her vulva and clinging to her clitoris.

She rocked in her seat, the motion providing fleeting distraction. The slacks were now visibly wet, the dark patch spreading. She covered it with her tote bag, praying the pilots would not notice.

The announcement came: two hours left. Aubrey wanted to scream. Her body trembled, muscles fatigued from clenching. Another major leak happened, this one uncontrollable for longer. Urine streamed through her urethra, hot and steady, soaking her panties completely. The cotton fabric sagged under the weight, sticking to every crevice of her pussy. The lace trim was saturated, chafing her thighs as the liquid trickled down.

She stopped it again, but the relief was intoxicating, tempting her to let go fully. No, she thought, not yet. But the battle was lost. The pressure in her bladder was too much, the walls contracting painfully.

Entering the third hour, Aubrey's state was dire. Her bladder felt like a bomb about to explode, the urine churning inside. Her urethra was numb from the constant strain, yet still burning. Her pussy was a mess of sensations, swollen and slick, the panties a clinging, wet barrier.

Turbulence struck again, harder this time. She gasped as the flood began. It started with a powerful surge through her urethra, the hot stream bursting forth. She tried to stop it, clenching her muscles, but it was futile. Urine poured out, soaking her panties instantly. The cotton absorbed what it could, but overflowed, the fabric sticking tightly to her pussy lips, outlining them in warm wetness.

The stream continued, warming her inner thighs, seeping into her slacks. She felt every drop: the initial gush relieving the bladder pressure, the warmth spreading across her vulva, the panties becoming heavy and adherent. The lace trim dripped, clinging to her skin like a soaked rag.

As the wetting progressed, her bladder deflated slowly, the ache easing with each second. But the humiliation peaked. The urine pooled in her seat, soaking through to her buttocks. Her pussy tingled from the release, the urethra finally relaxing after hours of torment. The panties stuck completely, molded to her folds, the cotton transparent and clingy.

She cried openly now, the relief physical but the embarrassment soul crushing. The cabin smelled faintly of urine, though the AC diluted it. Lisa turned, her eyes widening. Aubrey could not meet her gaze.

The final hour was a haze. Her slacks were drenched, the fabric cold now against her skin. Her panties remained stuck, a constant reminder. The bladder was empty, but the sensations lingered: the urethra sore, the pussy sensitive from the ordeal.

Upon landing, Captain Reyes helped her discreetly, arranging privacy. Aubrey changed at the hotel, the interview a success despite it all. But the memory of that flight, the intimate betrayal of her body, stayed with her forever.

