The School Grad Trip (Part 2)

Author: Alex62

*000*2021-06-23 19:44

Jack walked with Sam(making sure to help hide Sam’s wet shorts) to the same burger place from before to eat once again. They decided to go there as it was closest and less likely to be busy.

As Jack was walking he remembered just how bad he needed to pee. He must have forgot in all the commotion and was to busy helping Sam.

Now he knew he had no choice but to hold it as there was no way he would leave Sam. Unfortunately, Jack’s already wet(from leaks before) red CK briefs made that more challenging.

Standing in line Jack felt a leak. Jack gasped and quickly crossed his legs. Sam looked at Jack in confusion but was to focused on his own situation to catch on to Jack’s need.

They both finally ordered and found a table in the back to sit. Jack immediately crossed his legs and so did Sam but for a different reason, to hide his wet shorts. Jack was about to exploded but he knew he couldn't leave Sam so he just sat there.

Jack was more quiet the normal but Sam assumed it was because he was eating. Jack felt leak after leak soak his red CK briefs while he ate but still said nothing.

After he took a sip of his drink a long leak happened. Jack looked down at his shorts an to his horror a baseball wet patch was clearly visible. Jack cussed under his breath and knew if he didn't go now he will pee himself.

Jack stood up holding himself. “Um... S... Sam I tried to hold it but I can't I'll be right back”. Jack didn't even wait for an answer before he ran off.

But Jack only made it a few steps before he froze as his bladder gave in and pee flooded out of him. He stood there as pee ran down his legs soaking his sky blue soccer shorts and red CK briefs. Running down his legs soaking and filling his shoes and socks and forming a puddle at his feet.

Sam watched with a grin as his best friend also became soaked with pee. After Jack was done Sam stood up and walked over to Jack, hugging him. “Dont worry, now we are in this together.” Jack coolant help but to smile as they walked back to finish their food.

*003*2021-06-24 14:26

{{6 hours ago, RandomWetName said:

Glad you did a second part!

}}

It's short as I didn't have a lot of time due to work but glad you liked

*005*2021-06-24 19:39

{{2 hours ago, kilianj74 said:

Thanks for carrying this on! Yeah it takes a while to write longer stories but short is good too!

}}

No problem! You guys wanted it and more male omo is needed!! And it does take a while to write long stories.

