(COMMISSION) Nancyэs Train Ride Home (LONG)

Author: abxy

*000*2022-11-03 15:26

I finished this quite some time ago! took a couple of months, but a 10k word fanfiction commission for @aumonier95

! thank you again!

###

It’s been quite a long day at work. Nancy was in the break room, finishing up her lunch of a simple cold-cut sandwich and sipping the last of her coffee. It was her third coffee of the day, as she had been very tired earlier. As she exited the break room, she felt a little something in her abdomen: a need to pee. However, it was quite manageable, and she didn’t feel as though she could not hold it. She was a woman in her mid-forties, so of course she was gonna be able to hold it.

Her obsidian-colored high heels click-clacked the linoleum floor as she briskly walked back to her cubicle. She had some filing to do, and a lot of it. She worked a simple office job at a desk, and primarily did data input. Her job requires her to do a lot of work revolving around numbers, estimations, and mainly, filing.

Today, she was set to file tons of estimations and calculate some stuff for her boss. It needed to be done as soon as possible, so she knew she had to sit down and do as much as possible and try to finish it before clocking out.

She sighed as she plopped into her rolling leather chair and retrieved the manilla file folder that contained the papers. As she spread them out, she remembered how she should have taken a quick trip to the bathroom, but figured it could wait until after her filing. As said before, it needed to be done as soon as possible.

The papers seemed simple enough to do. She typed on her computer, shuffled the papers, and worked diligently.

She continued this for an hour. After around an hour, her bladder gave her a dull pang to remind her of the fluid residing within it. However, she deliberately chose to ignore this, and continued her estimations and filing of papers. It had been an hour of nonstop work, but she still had tons to do. She was not even halfway done. The bathroom could wait for sure.

Another hour had passed, and the fullness within her abdomen gradually increased. Not to a level where she needed to rush to the toilet or anything like that, but enough to make her mind drift to it from time to time.

As she was halfway through her second hour of working on the filing and number processes, she heard people conversing around her. Nancy was typically not one to eavesdrop, but she could not ignore it, as they were talking rather loudly about a local topic.

“Did you hear about the train strike?” a female coworker said to a male coworker.

“Man, that sucks. The trains are gonna take forever, it feels,” said the male coworker.

In this country, there were frequent train strikes, as the workers felt they were overworked and were not paid enough. Nobody ever did anything about these strikes, however employees left their conductor and train-esque jobs frequently due to them. The lone workers took their sweet time with the trains, and instead of a train arriving every fifteen minutes, like it usually would, they arrived every two hours.

Due to this, her train would be delayed. She groaned inwardly at that fact. She just wanted to go home; she was tired and had grown tired of filing and calculating.

She still had a bit more to go. She was finally more than halfway done with her work, then she could clock out and head home. The home that had grown from one hour away to three hours.

She impatiently tapped her foot against the shaggy carpet beneath her computer desk as she filed away. Nancy wanted to go and use the bathroom, but she was practically glued to her chair as she worked.

After another hour, she was finally done with the work she had to do. She neatly stacked the papers, saved her work on her computer, and put the papers in the file folder. As she stood up for the first time in over three hours, legs and butt aching, she felt the pressure in her bladder increase a tremendous amount. It was definitely manageable when sitting down, but now that gravity had affected her, it was a different story this time around. She felt her need increase from a dull ache to an almost painful throbbing. She sighed.

Her heels did not clack on the floor this time, for the office area was mainly carpeted. She took steady steps towards her boss’s office, and gave a light rap on the wooden door.

“Come in,” a voice from within peered out.

One hand with the files, another on the knob, she turned the doorknob and gently pushed open.

There her boss sat at his massive desk, the papers he was working on array and the computer glowing on his face. The day was overcast, and while there were ample fluorescent lights, the computer screen seemed to lighten up the room threefold.

“Hello, sir. I have finished those documents and estimations you told me to do,” Nancy spoke as she closed the door behind her and approached his desk.

“Excellent! You are such a hard worker. I really appreciate it,” the boss said as Nancy handed him the file folder. He grabbed it diligently, turned in his swiveling chair, and deposited it into a drawer full of similar (but differently marked tabs) file folders. Upon doing so, he rotated back to face her once more.

“Is that all you wanted me to do today, sir?” Nancy asked.

“Yes. You did great. I will be sure to review these and contact you in the morning in case you need to fix anything. You may leave now. Have a wonderful night, Nancy.”

They smiled at each other. Nancy was a very diligent worker, and always knew what she was doing. She was sure there were no errors or anything she would have had to fix. She never had to.

She turned and again opened the door, then exited and closed it quietly behind her. She sighed once more, this time in relief, as soon as the door closed. She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and made her way to the room in which you clock in and out for your day’s work.

As she punched out, she had totally forgotten she had a bladder filled with three coffee’s worth of urine inside of her. Coffee does not typically go right through her, as she was accustomed to the caffeine, however it did occasionally increase her need to urinate.

She was exhausted, and knew she had a long train ride ahead of her. She got herself a free small coffee, and headed out the door with her briefcase in one hand and a very small cup of coffee in the other.

As she walked briskly to the station and carefully sipped her coffee, as the liquid hit her stomach, a pang rang out: she had forgotten to pee before she left the office!

After holding since this morning, along with drinking her fourth cup of coffee, how the hell could she forget?! Nancy worked for hours on the filing, her bladder on the backburner of her mind the entire time, yet she forgot altogether!

She became panicky internally. Due to the train strike, she knew she would have to wait much, MUCH longer than usual to arrive at her home station, then she would have to have an agonizing walk home. Why, oh why, did she forget to use the bathroom?!

She groaned internally, thinking of ways she could defeat this beast residing in her inner pouch. She resorted to using the bathroom on the train, despite it being most likely filthy and inhabitual for most people to stay in for longer than a few moments.

Nancy was hoping she could just run in, do her business, and get out. That was the game plan. She would be unable to hold it if she did not apply the game plan to herself. Who knows, maybe it will have a line out the door if she waited even a second too long… There were no bathrooms in the waiting station area of sorts, so she would have to make do.

Without consciously knowing it, she sipped her coffee nervously, adding on to the plethora of urine within her. She did not mean to do this, ultimately, but still, she drank, hands shaking.

As soon as the cup was empty, instead of putting it in a trash can, she ended up putting it within her briefcase after draining the last drops. Nancy did not know why she did this, but figured it would be helpful if she kept the cup. Who knows, though.

Once the cup was stashed within her briefcase, the train that ultimately led to her stop pulled into the station with gears and shifts moving about. A scraping sound could be heard as it pulled into the stop.

There were already tons of people waiting around her, and upon the door opening to the train, a swarm of people exited the tiny door, like bursting pipes. Wait, no, it would not be wise to think of any water allegories right about now! Nancy’s bladder started to hurt. Not to a point where she would have to rush to a bathroom, but enough so that she could stride to a bathroom.

As soon as the swarm of ant-like people left the train, there was considerable room for her. She strode into the entrance, scouted out a seat, and promptly sat down.

Wait, what was that game plan again? Oh, right; find a bathroom as soon as possible once she got on the train!

She didn’t want to leave her briefcase behind, so she picked it up and went looking for a suitable toilet to use. She traversed the cabins, only for her heart to sink: It had quite a long line. People had been waiting there for several stops! No, this could NOT be happening!

Nancy’s eyes went wide in shock. By the looks of it, there were at least five other people bursting to use the toilet. They were not obvious, but judging by how their legs wrapped around one another, or the way they tapped their feet, it was contextual clues to give way into how badly they had to go.

She could hold it.

As she made her way back to her seat, her heart sank again: someone had taken her seat! She would usually ask for it back, but the middle-aged man sitting there looked like he had had a rough day, and did not want to be bothered (judging by the way he was reading his book intently with a borderline scowl on his face). He seemed to be a weird man, too, because the book he was reading seemed to be something uncharacteristic of him if you decided to judge a book by its cover.

She had seen the synopsis for that book before; Nancy did not like how it sounded whatsoever. It seemed to be very against her political beliefs, and therefore she did not want to test this man.

She internally groaned again, and found all the seats were taken at this point. Her little excursion to relieve herself, which utterly failed, proved to be disastrous against all odds. She resorted to standing on her aching high-heeled feet, grabbing the bar above her.

She would stand for however long as possible. However, she felt like she was being stabbed in her feet, and her bladder was bothering her again, asking her somewhat politely to let the beast of burden within it out. It was trying its hardest to be polite, despite having tons of unreleased coffee within it.

Nancy really wished she could sit down. She was yelling at herself in her brain for just not resorting to the game plan. She should have known there was going to be a line, especially considering the train strike currently happening! The trains were all backed up, and people were probably rushing from station to train to toilet.

She decided to move from the busy cabin she was currently in back to the cabin with the toilet, but to stand there just in case the line moved. No, she was not going to stand in line; doing so would be indecent and show off the fact she had to use the restroom, which she would like to avoid doing. She did not want people to see her as a desperate young woman, bursting to use the restroom at the earliest possible convenience; that was just embarrassing.

The cabin with the toilet seemed to be just as packed as the previous cabin, and she had to resort to standing again. The line seemed to have gained two people to it, as well, which was not good looks for Nancy.

So, she resorted to standing there. Hopefully soon she could sit down and rest her aching bladder and feet.

After about twenty minutes of standing there, hoping she could sit down at the next stop, the stop eventually happened. As soon as the train stopped and people started getting up, Nancy rushed to a lone seat, and plopped down.

Sitting down felt like sitting on a toilet (almost) for her, and in sitting down her bladder almost put up a fight. The pressure of her stomach laying on top of her bladder pushed insanely as soon as she plunked into the seat. She thought she would lose it for a split second, but managed to regain control almost twice as fast as it came on.

Nancy spread her legs discreetly and tried to stare out of the window to distract herself. She found spreading her legs to be helpful, even if it made her feel like she would lose it for a second. She could not do anything to give herself away, especially hold herself. That would be outright embarrassing and childish of her!

Her gaze seemed to drift away from the window as the train pulled out of the stop once again, and drifted over to the seemingly longer line for the lone toilet now.

She quickly shook her head. No use focusing on that right now. She was going to hold it until she got home, no matter what. She would die to hold it, if she had to!

Another twenty-or-so minutes passed, another stop was done and made. More people seemingly entered the line, according to her vision whenever it just so happened to fixate on the line again before she shook it off. Oh, how she wished she could commit something as indecent as stand in a desperate bathroom line, but alas, she had a business-woman reputation to upkeep, and business women were professional. Not holding their crotch, unable to hold it, like a younger person.

She rifled through her briefcase for a soft, paperback novel she was slowly working on. It was a mystery of sorts, sort of suspenseful. She was smack-dab in the middle of reading it previously, and it was a hefty novel. She spent most of her spare time indulging in it, and working on it. It was around five-hundred or so pages, and she was around the 200’s. Right now, it was an “arc” of sorts where the main character, a woman in her thirties named Pamela, trying to find out who killed her best friend, Jacob, after finding his lifeless body in a forest after notes led up to it. During this scene, Pamela was trapped in a car on the side of the road after driving to a building in a blizzard, and her car just stopped. Thankfully, she had help on the way, but it would not be there for a few hours at least, due to the blizzard and other calls.

“As the car grew colder and colder…” Nancy read intently.

The paragraphs went on for a bit, describing how it got colder and colder, and then something happened within the book.

“As the cold increased, chilling me to the bone, I even found it to be bladder-chilling, as well. I remembered I have not used the bathroom in at least some time, and I drank a hot coffee I had made and brought in a thermos.”

Nancy could not believe this was happening in the book. Of all times she could read this stupid novel, and it had to be at the time when she really had to use the bathroom?! How could this be?

However, she needed the distraction so badly she decided to keep on reading.

“It was not so bad when the car had stopped, but it has been an hour since the car stopped and I had to call for help. The need grew and grew.”

Nancy could relate a lot to Pamela’s plight at the moment. Her own bladder’s need kept increasing by the minute.

“I waited fervently for the emergency services to come tow me. The car was freezing at this point, and I had to wrap my parka around me tightly. Snow started to pile up on my windows and roof of the car. I could barely see outside, unbeknownst as to when help would arrive at this point.”

Nancy practically sat on the edge of her seat. She wanted to find out how this ended for Pamela, even though she knew either way, it would not help her bladder one bit. If she made it, she would desire relief on the toilet even more; if she failed to make it, it would just make her wish she could let go like she did (if she does).

She did not want to continue reading at the same time, however. She felt her bladder panging when Pamela’s needs came up within the book. It just reminded her how badly she had to go to the bathroom. Nancy looked up. The line for the bathroom always had someone new in it, and the train was full of people. She did not even realize it, but someone had decided to sit next to her. She crossed her legs in frustration, and tapped her toes against the flooring.

Her eyes drifted back to her lengthy novel.

“The minutes seemed to drone on, and the pouch within me holding fluid waste was getting more inclined to release its contents. I could not do that, though. I couldn’t step outside and pop a squat, per-say; the blizzard was continuing to rage. I would get snowed in the moment I stepped outside.”

As Nancy read some more, she felt empathy go towards this fictional woman. She remembered a time when she was stuck in her car with a bladder full of a work day’s worth of urine. Rush hour traffic was killer in her area, back when she used to drive to work everyday. She was stuck in traffic for more than a couple of hours, after not peeing before she left work, insisting she could hold it and avoid a public restroom trip to the best of her abilities.

This was proven to be a mistake to a high degree. She was supremely desperate around an hour into the traffic jam, around a nine on a scale of desperation of one to ten, ten being the most desperate.

She had no idea that day if she would make it. Lucky for her, however, right when she was starting to dribble into the seat of her pants, traffic cleared up, and she swore she was going to get a ticket the way she sped home. She lived in a secluded area at the time, and when she got out of her car, she began to leak terribly. She was alone in the parking garage, so she just ripped her pants down, went into a squat, and pissed her brains out.

The relief she felt that day had been ecstatic. She hoped the same relief could be felt for Pamela.

Wait, thinking about this relief was making her feel worse. A lot worse. She needed to go so bad! She could not be thinking about relief and letting loose now. She had to hold on with everything she had.

Her desperation had not peaked in a way that made it the most urgent she had ever had to go (yet…), it was not yet comparable to that fateful day she had. She had never been more embarrassed in her life, even though she knew no one had seen her; she had gotten home later than usual, after all. It was night in the city once she had gotten home, and it was a quiet weekend day.

Still though, even remembering it made her flush red with regret. She wished she could have held it just a little longer that day. What if someone had seen? It would have been disastrous!

Okay, Nancy, just go back to the stupid book. Stop remembering your own predicament; it’s just going to make you feel worse about yourself! Nancy told herself.

Her eyes probed the soft pages of the paperbound novel.

“The windows were almost completely blocked off with powdery, clean snow. Shivering, my body cold to the touch, I put my hands between my thighs to contain myself ever further. It was an embarrassing plight to be in, for sure, but the warmth of my crotch toasted up my icy hands. The sudden temperature change almost made me leak.”

Why was it getting so “in depth” about her desperation?! Did the author have something against (or for) women who needed to urinate?! How odd. Did people really like that sort of thing? How could someone enjoy seeing someone in pain like that?

Nancy’s brain racked itself with questions. Her eyes skipped a few lines of explanation within the book.

“Another hour had passed. I was beyond needing to use a bathroom at this point. I fervently looked around the interior of my car, hoping almost vainly I would find something I could release myself into or on.”

Nancy’s brain went back to thinking about Pamela. What was she going to do?

“As my hands grabbed myself desperately, hoping for some semblance of a relief or lift of the pain, I felt my almost-numb hands be greeted with a spurt of liquid heat.”

Oh, Lord. Now she was going to pee herself?! This did not help Nancy whatsoever. She practically winced, not wanting to see what happens, but also needing to find out Pamela’s fate in her snowed-in car.

“‘No, no no…!’ I rambled out loud to nobody. It was a quick spurt, not too damaging, but it clearly leaked outside of my thick, heavy-duty pants.”

“The relief I felt from the brief spurt had been as brief as the spurt; now my body craved more of an explosive release. I needed to soak the car!”

Nancy felt her face turn red again. Oh, no… Was Pamela going to…?

“Finally, I could not take it anymore. I resigned myself to sitting on the edge of my car seat, my crotch not connected to the seat but dangling over the edge, despite being locked up in a pair of pants.

“I scrunched up my face, and relaxed my strained, taut body and bladder.”

Nancy promptly looked out the window upon reading this, realizing the train had made yet another stop. She was alone in her seat again. Oh, no; What if someone saw what she was reading? She rolled her eyes to the back of her head just thinking about it. She knew it was not likely, but she still had to worry about it, with weird people looking over at what you do on trains a lot.

She stared out of the window, considering her own dilemma. She was about an hour-or-so into her journey home. She had around two more hours to go, she estimated. The stops were not as frequent today, due to the strikes mentioned earlier.

Outside of the window, she could see buildings stacked against one another, making for a blocky perspective. She could not see beyond the buildings, so she brought her attention back to the interior of the train.

Her eyes seemed to have drifted to the neverending line to the bathroom again. Nancy happened to notice two people, seemingly desperate to use the toilet.

They were both women, middle-aged at first glance, but upon looking at them further, realized they could have passed as being in their thirties or perhaps younger.

They were going through all of the subtle motions of desperation; one of them tapped her foot, the other clenched her thighs together. Nancy practically stretched her ears to eavesdrop on their conversation.

“Oh, wow, I really should have gone before I left,” the shorter woman exclaimed. She had long red hair, and lots of freckles. She was not wearing anything too fancy, just a simple business casual outfit.

“Tell me about it,” the taller of the two said. She had darker skin, frizzy brown hair done in a bun, and an outfit that popped on her. She was wearing a bright pink T-shirt and lighter-than-normal blue jeans.

They were not near the end of the line; they seemed to be doing well. They tried not to vocalize their needs, as Nancy could tell, but they were obviously acting the desperation part out. The darker skinned woman rubbed her hands on her thighs, while the ginger woman crossed her arms and noticeably clenched her thighs together, as well.

Nancy could not take it. Why was she surrounded by people needing to pee, while she really needed to go?! The coincidences were uncanny at this point.

She could not help herself: she could not take her eyes off of the subtle women. They were slowly approaching the end of the line, what with the toilet door and all.

They started to converse with each other, suddenly. “I need to go so bad I could just pop right now,” the freckled lady said to the other.

“Right. I’ve, honestly, felt the same.”

Nancy did not want to hear anymore, but she was inclined to see how this turned out for them.

Another person stepped out of the bathroom, and the unbeknownst man in front of them entered the toilet, closing the partition-like door behind him.

The two women noticeably got more “desperate,” the feeling palpable in the air. Nancy could feel, from a radar glance, their desperation gaining more intense. Of course, it was obvious both were going to make it, as evident from how close they were in line to the bathroom, but still, Nancy could not help but imagine them in a worse predicament than what they were currently facing: a bulging bladder unable to aid itself any longer, exploding down the aisle of the train and flooding the floor…

Wait.

Not again! Nancy could not keep letting her mind drift to more and more urination! It was impertinent that she remained distraction-free, and focused on her goal: getting home dry!

However, she did like entertaining the thought of one of the two women suffering more than she currently was. It made her feel evil, but she was glad she was somewhat in the same boat as someone, much less two people.

Her thoughts were interrupted when she heard the door opening right near her. Was it just her, or was the crimson-haired woman facially and visibly delighted in finally having access to a toilet? She seemed to smile in relief as the door slid open, and noticeably hurried herself into the cubicle. The darker-haired woman’s eyebrows seemed to turn up, almost, within Nancy’s eyeshot.

The middle-aged business woman shot her eyes to the side, not wanting it to make it seem like she was staring at the somewhat visibly desperate woman. Sure, she was not super obvious, but she was still giving off hints that she would rather be relieving herself into a cool toilet rather than standing there.

Eventually, Nancy’s head turned automatically as she heard the door open once more, with the shorter woman looking visibly relieved. She glanced at the Black woman as she stepped into the miniscule toilet retreat, giving a slight grin. Her hair moved with her as she made her way back to her seat. Three more people had taken up the area in line behind the Black woman.

Well, Nancy was glad that went as fine as it could have gone. What was she expecting, a full-blown accident to occur? Maybe even a double whammy? Surely not. These were grown women who could hold their bladders, not impertent children. The train had resumed its journey again without Nancy realizing.

She started thinking to herself, hoping that she did not seem too interested in the strangers’ business. She did not mean to eavesdrop when they said they were needing the loo, but how could she have not? They were in a public setting, gladly saying that for anyone to hear.

Nancy thought about it for a moment, pondering on why she started thinking about them urinating themselves. Why had she wanted that, even for a split second? That was very uncharacteristic of her. She was a stoic, grown woman, who had a hint of warmth to her. She was somewhat repressed sexually, and could not even consider why someone would have a fetish for bodily fluids of that nature.

She shook her head. Why not just return to her novel and stop backtracking into things she could not control? It was her head. She ultimately settled on the fact she could not control her thoughts sometimes.

Her finger slipped between the pages to find the dog eared page of paper, finding it almost immediately and opening it. She began to read where she left off previous to the needing women near her.

However, she had forgotten one key component: she had left off to where Pamela was relieving herself in her car!

“As I relaxed my frozen body, I felt an explosion of liquid heat start streamlining out of me. A loud hissing sound punctured the freezing air, almost seeming tangible.”

A chill went up and down Nancy’s spine as she imagined Pamela’s relief. Her bladder throbbed within her abdomen upon reading the lines listed on the soft page. It had started taking an edge to the pain. Nancy had managed to distract herself for so long, and felt little to no pressure within her, but once she read those words, the need to urinate hit her like an anvil falling from the sky. Her bladder anxiously panged.

She crossed her legs impatiently and swung her head to see the line for the bathroom again. More people had quietly joined the line. The sound of the door to the cubicle had been muted in her mind, due to distractions, but now the sliding of the door seemed to resonate so loudly within the bustling train. It creaked and grinded against the sliding mechanics as an older man entered the miniscule toilet reprieve.

Not wanting to return to the book so soon, with her bladder beginning to ache and sending signals to her nonstop, she returned her gaze to the window. The train had loudly screeched to a stop about a minute prior.

She was sitting in a seat that faced away from the train station. The door would be opposite to her, if it was in the cabin with her, so to say. So, when she looked outside of the window, she did not see the station or anyone entering or waiting. What she did see, however, was yet another bathroom. Of course, this station’s bathroom had an even longer line than the one inside the train had! Not only that, the people were noticeably more desperate in this line!

They were subtly desperate, like the two ladies from before, but still, she could see the signs and symptoms of needing to use the bathroom in most, if not all of the line.

The person right outside of the door actually had his hands buried within his thighs. He was a young adult man with tannish skin and short black hair. Apparently he needed to go so bad he was willing to give up his visual dignity to the strangers to keep holding on! He seemed to be visibly trembling, as well.

The woman next to him in line had her thighs clenched together, like the woman from before on the train did. She did not seem as bad as the man in front of her, but the other woman behind her, seemingly older judging from her graying hair, had her legs crossed and was tapping her foot impatiently.

The other two people were not as visible, but one had their arms crossed, while the last person in the line had their hands clenched to their sides.

Nancy’s eyes went wide at the sight. She could not believe this. How come there was a bathroom right outside of her window, of all windows on the train?! How did they stop so perfectly?! Why did she keep getting reminded of how badly she had to use the toilet?!

She brought her focus back inwards towards herself. Her bladder’s status was worse off than before. It felt like a heavy weight in her, weighing down on her vagina. Her sphincter was struggling a bit, trembling beneath her, to keep in the work day’s worth of urine.

She estimated her stop would not be for at least another hour. Could she hold it? She absolutely refused to join the bathroom line. Unlike the other people, she wanted to keep her dignity, and not reveal that she was another “improper” person. She did not hold ill will towards the people who did need to relieve themselves, but she did find them a bit embarrassing, and she did not want to show herself off as the same kind. She was professional, a business woman, in strictly business clothes.

Her feet ached, despite sitting down. Wearing high heels gets to you eventually, you know.

She started to think about how she would go about getting off when she got to her stop. Would she even be able to move? Considering she was at least an eight on the scale of needing to urinate right now, and she had over an hour left of the ride, she could not estimate how truly full she would be when the time finally came to get off the train and head home.

Not only that, she had to walk home. In high heels. And a tight-ish business attire, with a discrete belt around her waist. Her walk home took around fifteen minutes. Would she even be able to handle it?

Nancy realized suddenly she could not handle thinking about this anymore. She did not want to imagine the consequences of not using the bathroom before she left the office. She knew, deep down within her gut, that something disastrous was going to happen, however she refused to believe she would wet herself. Barely make it? Sure. But she was adamant on not wetting herself, especially in public. If anyone saw her uncontrollably peeing herself, and if anyone at her office found out, she was done for. She would never live it down. She knew even if an accident occured, people from her job would never find out; she did live an hour-or-so away from the office. Still, though, she had anxiety over the prospect of losing any sliver of dignity she had to a bodily function she could not control.

She could have just given up and joined the bathroom line, but then she remembered how the bathrooms were practically never cleaned. She used to use the train toilets in the past, before she was promoted to a highly technical and professional role in her job, and she would always have to wipe off the seat or watch where she stepped. She knew the people did not care for these bathrooms as much as, say, a restaurant or business’s bathroom. They practically made sure to disgrace the cubicle.

Sighing to herself, Nancy sat there contemplating what to do. She was at another stop, awaiting the train to continue its lugging journey towards where she resided, almost.

The train began to go forward once more after some moments. She tried to guesstimate how much longer she had until she would arrive at her stop, but considering how much time she had spent distracted and lost in her own head, she forgot where she was.

She stopped thinking for a moment, stopped dwelling on where she was. This turned out to be a mistake. All of her focus suddenly went onto her bladder, which suddenly ached like nothing before. Her legs, spread open slightly, squeezed together at the sudden pang of fiery throbbing that resided within her abdomen. Her hands almost shot in between her thighs, but she resisted with great strength.

She was fit to bursting at this point, with no idea where she even was or when she would get to her stop. She urgently tapped her foot. The toilet flushing for the cubicle made her bladder scream out in agony. Oh, how she wished she could relieve herself!

Nancy stared outside of the window beside her, trying to distract herself with the scenery. The grays of the city she was passing through all blended together into one concrete blur.

Her mind was racing. She could not believe the predicament she was in. She was beyond an eight on the desperation scale at this point in time.

She wanted to go home. She wanted to sit herself onto her cold porcelain throne and piss away. She could not deal with this anymore than she already has.

Her head swung from side to side. The cabin was surprisingly empty for once. The line was non-existent at this point, and no one was sitting beside her. Wincing, she decided to stick one hand between her trembling thighs. Her purse slightly covered up her hand in between her pants.

Her right hand plunged between her legs, grasping her crotch with a death grip. She stopped caring. She needed relief from her extreme pain, now. Her bladder was so full, it was taking all of her muscle strength to clench her sphincter shut and not let even a single drop of urine out into her unsuspecting business pants or silk panties.

Grabbing herself in the most embarrassing fashion worked. Yes, if anyone boarded the cabin, they would immediately see her clenching her pussy with her hand, but she was delirious with the need to gush piss everywhere. Nancy had reached her breaking point long ago.

Clenching, she closed her eyes for a moment to bask in the relief of holding herself. Her desperation went from around eight-point-seventy-five to now a seven-and-a-half. Still needed to pee quite badly, but it helped. A lot.

Suddenly, over the overhead speakers, a voice announced the stop they were currently approaching. She listened carefully, then realized she was around two stops away from her stop! Relief was in sight!

She removed her hand from between her medium-sized thighs, knowing she could hold it without embarrassing herself for the next thirty minutes. She had to. She did not want to ruin her image, of course, but she was starting to break apart. She was bursting at the seams. All the coffee was screaming out within her to be let out.

She could hardly breathe fully at this point. The liquid-filled pouch within her seemed to be full to the brim.

She just wanted them to say the name of her stop over the loudspeaker adorned in each cabin of the train. She had been here for hours already. The strikes did a number on when everyone got home today. Looking outside of the window, the sky was dusky and starting to be filled with stars as the sun was finishing its descent below the horizon.

She knew she had to be careful in the dark. She typically got home before the sun finished setting.

The train stopped at the stop second-to-last before hers. Some people boarded, one going into the bathroom cubicle. Another stood outside of the door. Despite this, Nancy contemplated sticking her right hand between her sweaty thighs once more. She did not care. She knew she would never see these people again.

Nancy muttered to herself, as quietly as possible, “I gotta pee… Fuck, I gotta go…” Normally she kept her language modest, without the use of swearing, but this was a dire emergency. She had to vent it out one way or another. Nancy tapped her foot against the floor again, thighs clenched tightly

The sun had finished setting. The horizon had a bit of orange-yellow adorning it, but the moon was full and high in the sky, as well.

The speaker spoke out once more. This time, however, it made Nancy’s heart plummet right into her stomach.

“Due to someone attempting to jump onto the train tracks, we will have to make an emergency stop. This will last around half-an-hour to an hour. Sorry for the inconvenience.”

She could not even remotely believe it. Here was Nancy, about to get to her stop, when all of sudden everything had to be destroyed right in front of her eyes. How could this even happen?! She was so, so close! There can’t be an emergency stop now! There could NOT be!

She almost screamed, but instead of screaming, she groaned along with practically everyone else in the cabin surrounding her. People had places to go, homes to go to and cook dinner in, meanwhile Nancy was battling for her life trying not to urinate all over her clothes, the chair, and the floor. Would she be able to handle this? She had serious doubts in her mind whether she was going to make it.

Maybe she could use the toilet cubicle. Except when she went to check on it, the line seemed to have grown. She did not want to stand up at all. Nancy knew if she did, all of the urine would go towards her urethra due to gravity.

She felt like reverting to primal desires and letting loose all over the floor. She was in the first phases of not caring anymore, especially about her reputation.

Her bladder continued to fill, even though it felt like it could not be filled anymore than it already was. What was she to do in this situation of bodily needs?

Fishing her book out of her purse, she opened to a page not even dogeared on the page, and tried to read. In her desperate state, however, she could not focus on it for the life of her.

She tried to read some, but it all translated as garble in her head. She practically slammed the book shut, and whipped her head to the window. Nancy began tapping her food again while her legs were crossed over each other. She did not want to be noticeably desperate, but at the same time, she had no choice. She had to be perceived in order to make it.

The train was stopped. There was no blur of passing cityscapes and small trees to take her mind off her overflowing bladder. She was at a loss as to what to do.

Nancy had made her final decision. She was to use the toilet cubicle. There was no other choice, other than to give everything a thorough soaking through her pants.

She looked at the queue. It was miraculously empty!

Nancy shot up to make her way over to it. This caused her fear to happen, though: all of the pee residing inside of her made its way towards her sphincter with gravity hitting her like a brick to the face. She had to take a moment to recompose herself.

Unfortunately, as she was recomposing herself, a man managed to make his way and slide the cubicle door shut. How could this be happening?! The one time she had a literal emergency on her hands and could not hold it any longer!

With reluctance, she stood outside of the cubicle door. She did not mean to, but she heard him grunting within the miniscule room, hinting to the fact he would not be out anytime soon. She groaned internally once again.

As she stood there, trying to focus on kegeling and keeping her ocean inside of her, a woman came up behind her. She was a bit shorter than Nancy, with a modest haircut. She was dyed blonde, but obviously had some black roots showing through at the top of her scalp. She was dressed in business attire, a short pencil skirt and short-sleeve button-up shirt.

Nancy immediately knew this woman was about as desperate as well. She had no shame, though; she was freely grabbing her crotch through her skirt with one hand, the other hand clenched into a fist at her side. Her face appeared to be shiny with sweat.

“Are you okay?” Nancy asked the almost-frantic woman. It took all of her strength to just mutter that without releasing.

“Y-Yeah, just… Need to go, you know?” the woman replied with a slight smile on her face.

“Same here.”

“I was waiting for the train to stop at my stop, so I could use my bathroom at home, however with this delay… That will not be possible,” the dyed-blonde woman said back.

“Tell me about it.” Nancy smiled.

“I have to go really bad, but at least it is not as bad as when I was stuck in traffic a few weeks ago…”

Nancy did not want to hear about this. She did not want to remember her own desperate traffic jam incident from years prior. She was too shy to say anything to reject further talk, though.

“Oh. Yeah?” Nancy started to tremble slightly. Her bladder was banging at the door of her sphincter.

“Yeah. I was stuck in traffic after a long shift without a bathroom break, and I wanted to make it till I got home, as I dislike public bathrooms.”

Nancy was in shock. How did this woman have such similar experiences and preferences regarding the bathroom as her? Why was she talking about all of this freely?! Nancy could not imagine being the same way; even standing at the bathroom door was embarrassing enough for her.

“Oh.”

“Yes. Then, since it was rush hour, I got stuck in a miles-long jam. It was hell on earth!”

“Mm.” Shut up, shut up, SHUT UP! Nancy thought to herself. She did not want to be rude, though, so she just stood there, trying to resist the urge to grab herself between her thighs again. She knew the other woman would not care, since she was freely grabbing herself, but she did not want others to see.

“I started leaking and stuff, you know? I could not handle being in that jam. I had to resort to a McDonald’s cup in my car!” She gave a slight chuckle at her own story-retelling.

“Oh, God,” Nancy said solemnly.

“Tell me about it! I ended up having to cut my stream short since the cup was a small size, too!”

Nancy could not deal with this anymore. “Do you want to go before me?” Anything to shut her up.

“Please. If that is okay… I really hope I can make it…” The other woman replied.

They stood in silence for a few moments, then the toilet within the cubicle could be heard flushing, causing Nancy’s bladder to hurt achingly. After another moment, the older gentleman came out, the door audibly sliding open.

The other woman practically pushed past him in her desperation. Nancy stopped caring about using the toilet, especially knowing it would most likely smell bad due to the man prior. She made her way back to her seat next to the window, which was still empty despite being gone for so long. Plopping down into the seat made her bladder pang inwardly, and made her slightly reconsider using the toilet once more. However, an announcement came over the speakers.

“We are sorry about the delay. The train will resume working now. Next stop…” Nancy realized her stop was next! At last! Sure, it was gonna take some time to get to, with the strike and all, but still… Hope was in sight, a light at the end of the tunnel!

She definitely could not use the bathroom now. If she did, she would most likely miss her stop, considering how much urine was within her. She knew it would take at least a minute to fully empty herself at this rate.

She was approaching the end of an eight on the scale of desperation, and rapidly growing to a nine. Despite using all of her muscles to hold her deluge of piss in, she was still straining horribly and fighting for her sense of dignity.

The train seemingly slowly chugged along the track. Nancy had noticed not many people were in the cabin once more, so, with her purse in her lap, she discreetly slipped her hand between her clothed thighs, clutching herself with a death grip.

Sweat was forming on her brow. It hurt. It hurt really bad. She could not believe that a person could hold this long, with having so much to drink during the day. She had not gone since… She couldn't even remember! It was probably before she left for work, or near the start of her shift.

Looking outside of the window for the millionth time that day seemed to fail as a distraction. She could not focus on the blurring scenery, each landmark and building and leaf and tree blending into one another to form a solid wall of blurriness.

Hurry up… I gotta pee… Please, hurry up…! Nancy chanted to herself in her head, knowing it would not make the train go any faster, but she did not care. She needed everything in her power to make it home, make it to the toilet, throw herself on it, and let it rip.

She took her hand out from between her thighs, knowing she could hold it until she stopped at her station.

Her belt was cutting into her swollen abdomen, making her reach a nine on the desperation scale. Suddenly, the train began to slow. It would take another minute, or even less than that, to reach her stop, she estimated.

“Yes!” she could not help but exclaim as the train slowed more and more. Then, as soon as it started slowing, it abruptly stopped, making Nancy tilt forward slightly.

Before the train even fully stopped, she was clutching her purse and rising to her feet. Once again, gravity became her worst enemy, and a leak threatened to make itself known. She could not hold herself, though.

She rushed over to the doors, before anyone else could get a chance to. The doors opened as she reached them, and she practically waddled out of the transportation locomotive. Her legs shook as she stepped on the yellow line in the concrete below her.

Her nine was quickly rising to a nine-point-twenty-five on the scale of needing to urinate. Walking made it slightly more bearable, but she was still at risk of having an accident. Now, for the most challenging task she will face this week: walking the fifteen minute route to her abode.

The sky was dusky, the moon rising in the sky. As Nancy made her way to the sidewalk, she noticed a cafe! She could use their bathroom!

She hobbled over, only to find out it was closed. She almost started kicking the door in anger. “I guess I’ll just… Walk home,” she said out loud to only herself.

Walk? More like waddling and hobbling along the sidewalk for fifteen minutes until she got to her place. She was past the nine-point-twenty-five on the desperation scale; she was now approaching nine-and-a-half. She could not take the pain anymore, and not only that, she was at risk of leaking. Thus, Nancy resigned to holding herself with one hand. It was that bad. She needed this aid to help her hold it, lest she would never make it home dry.

She painstakingly made her way home, one hand gripping her pussy through her pants like a death claw. It was night, and not too many people were out, but the people she did happen to pass by ended up staring at her. She shot them a dirty look every time.

“I gotta gooo… I gotta piss…” she mumbled to herself as she took careful steps to avoid a full-blown accident right in public.

She was beyond desperate, beyond the day in the traffic jam. She could not even believe how desperate she was; her bladder swelled, a round mound on her abdomen protruding, her belt digging into it painfully. She could not take the agony anymore, and riskily slipped her hand away from her crotch so she could unbuckle her belt. Might as well do it now so I don’t have to struggle with it later… Nancy thought to herself.

Undoing her belt was the best decision she had made that day. Immediately she went from a nine-and-a-half back to a nine-point-twenty-five. Now she could hold it in easier.

She continued to walk at a snail’s pace down the sidewalk, the moon illuminating her way. Despite undoing her belt, her bladder started to rise back to a nine-point-five. She was so, so close, though. She could almost taste the relief awaiting her when she got home.

Each step felt shaky and risky. She was trembling horribly, still grasping herself usefully.

After some more time, she saw her house in the distance. With glee, she attempted to pick her pace up slightly, to get there faster. She was in too much pain to run; it would jostle her bladder horribly, each step would send dribbles out, she thought.

“Almost there… Come on… I got this…” Nancy mumbled for only herself to hear. As she approached her abode’s front steps and porch, she saw someone. Her neighbor was out on his porch, next to her house, smoking a cigarette. She quickly removed her hand from in between her thighs, hoping he did not see it.

Once she got to her front steps, he noticed her.

“Hey, Nancy. Wow, you are home late tonight. I usually see you before it is this dark!” he remarked at her.

“Uh, yeah… You know, the train strike and all…” She did not want this right now. She had to get inside and use her toilet, NOW.

The choking smell of cigarette smoke filled the air between the two.

Nancy tried to make him shut up with only her mind, hoping telepathy was somehow real and he would leave her alone. Despite this, he continued.

“How was your day?” he asked, not knowing she had a literal ocean residing within her.

“Ah, uh… Fine. Just fine. Calculations and data and stuff.” Normally she would give a quick rundown of everything, as he had asked this many times before when she arrived home, but this time she had to hurry. It was a race against her bladder at this point, and she was rising to a nine-point-seventy-five, despite her belt being undone… Oh, shit. Her belt was undone. That’s right! She prayed he could not see it unbuckled, prayed he would not see her bulging abdomen which was practically twice its normal size.

“Ah. Well, I guess I will leave you alone,” he remarked. He put out his cigarette, turned around, and opened his door, light flooding the porch of his.

With a sigh of relief, Nancy remembered another thing: She had to get her key out, to unlock her door. Now that she was alone, she crossed her legs as she held open her purse with one hand to fish them out.

She could not find her keys! What the hell? With agitation, she rifled through her purse forcefully, checking everything among the countless receipts, coupons, and so on.

She found them after a minute, but as she was putting the key into the lock, her hands were shaking so badly she dropped her bundle of keys onto the welcome mat! She could not believe this was happening, not at all. She folded over to grab them, and as her bladder pushed in on itself, she felt herself reach a nine-point-nine, just point-one points away from the ten, the explosive ten.

Nancy groaned as she picked up her jingling keys with a hand that could not stay still for the life of her. She finally, finally, finally got the correct key into the lock, turned it, and the door clicked open. At last!

She was in her own home now, dry as ever. Did she really make it?

Moving her hand back to in between her thighs, she walked through the doorway and slammed the door shut behind her.

Now for another challenge: getting to her bathroom. It was on the second floor, of course. Luckily, she did not have many stairs to climb up.

She hobbled once more over to her staircase, and slowly ascended each step. She had to hold herself with a death grip again in order to not spurt uncontrollably. She quickened her pace. She was so, so close.

At long last, she made it to the top stair, the second floor. Now down the hallway to the toilet.

She put her free hand on her wall, sliding it with her as she went, for stability. She felt as though she would fall over at any moment.

There it was. The bathroom door!

Gathering her strength, she broke out into a desperate mad dash, trying to reach the door before she finally hit the ten.

Quickly arriving at the door, she violently grabbed the doorknob and twisted it open.

There it was. The holy grail. The porcelain throne.

Her hand goes down to her pants to unbutton them, but it is too late.

Upon seeing the toilet, her bladder had decided it was over. It was time, even though her pants were nowhere near being off.

Urine forcibly jets out of her before she even knows what’s happening. Within seconds, hot liquid relief has flooded through her business attire, and a puddle is developing on the tile flooring.

“Wh… What?!” Nancy exclaimed. How could this be happening?! She did everything right, and yet here she was, pissing herself uncontrollably! And so close to the prize, to boot!

PSHHHHHH. A hard stream of pee loudly screamed out of her as she fell to her knees, dizzy with relief.

She had made it home, at least. Nobody could see her doing this.

Panting, she looked down to see the bright yellow puddle expand, soaking through the calves of her pants. She then brought her head up to look at the toilet while still hissing away.

“Unbelievable…” she groaned.

After over a minute of violently soaking her pants with a jet so hard it was spraying through the fabric, her stream died down to the point where it was gentler, getting more weak, and then, finally stopping.

Nancy realized she had closed her eyes in the middle of urinating herself, and opened her eyes. Her floor had a golden lake spreading it, pee seeping between the tiles.

She stood up cautiously. Her pants were soaked through; there was not even a hint of dryness on them. No dry spots at all. It even somewhat climbed its way up her shirt, too, the hem of it being soaked.

“I guess that’s the last time I forget to use the toilet before leaving work…” she remarked out loud.

At least no one saw her. She could thank her lucky stars for that one. “Thanks, I guess,” she said to no one in particular.

*002*2022-11-04 22:14

{{1 hour ago, DerivativeWings said:

Trains are pretty primo settings for desperation. Neat story.

}}

Thank u sooo much :} not smth i typically write but hey money is money and it was fun to write !!! great study of stuff outside my comfortn zone fr.. ^_^

