Lola Goldflir, an anthro hyper bladder case - Page 2

Author: ashnacamon

*026*2023-05-17 13:54

Here’s a plan for a chapter that’s more big-breast and lactation related, but with an omo ABDL tie: The milk is a diuretic. In this version, it’s not Lola who is lactating, though I’m thinking about temporarily letting her “catch” it. Let me know if you think I should try and write this plan out (with or without reading).

Spoiler

Lola meets up with someone she knew in high school. The someone is a jackal named Jessica (who appeared in an alternate timeline for a non-OMO fiction I was writing but never finished), and while in high school she was basically the pawn of the school syndicate who teased Lola about being underdeveloped at the time (this is TV bullying, I know). Basically, Jessica makes up with Lola over the decades old mistakes, before Lola emerges from where she kneeling behind a desk working on something, revealing her now eccentrically generous bosoms.

Jessica herself is also quite endowed, but is nonetheless a bit stunned. As is, she is looking for a place to stay, and Lola offers her guest bedroom. As they stay together, they discover that Jessica not only is constantly producing milk, but that if she doesn’t milk herself three times a day she lactates helplessly. Jessica hadn’t realized that this was not normal. What’s more, when Lola drinks the milk, it turns out it is very pacifying, but it also is extremely diuretic and pretty much guarantees the consumer will pee themselves heavily.

They show this to the other girls, and then discover the third aspect: Like Lola, Jessica can transport milk to other’s breasts. Given this knowledge, the two Dalmatians nurse from Jessica, while with Jessica’s help Lola nurses Sonya. After the others fall asleep, Lola and Jessica realize just how powerful the diuretic effect is, as while Sonya’s bladder is near unmanageable, the twins are peeing themselves as fast as their makeshift diapers can be changed. Lola tries to take it from them, but of course it doesn’t really help much.

She suggests they just let them sleep with the wet diapers. Just then, Sonya wakes up a bit, as she was fed significantly less than the others. The two run the idea by her, and she sleepily agrees, before asking for more. Jessica begins nursing her, and Lola asks what she should do in the meantime, to which Jessica replies, “I have two breasts, you know.” Lola is a bit nervous, since even before she was simply drinking the milk out of a container, but Jessica coaxes her a little, and within seconds Lola accepts the offer to be breast fed. A few minutes later, she and Sonya are both peeing helplessly, though Lola with quite a bit more volume. Before the scene ends, I imagine some sort of line where Jessica praises Lola for being able to pee so hard “like a big girl.”

*028*2023-05-18 05:42

{{13 hours ago, orangelion said:

I'm not really into ABDL or lactation, but I'm actually find it interesting enough to read it if you write it out. So I think you should write it out.

}}

Okay, well, I’ll probably have a go at it. The tricky bit though is that I’m not sure how well this will work in the long run, so I might have to pull the parallel timeline card in the end, but ok.

