Faust's Magic Adventures

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2016-05-19 07:15

Faust apologizes for the delays in Another Note....Though, Faust has had an inspiration to write a small scene, which he thanks Omocommando for. getting the inspiration for. Faust is still very much working on Another Note, but he wanted to add another little set of stories.

Faust hopes that you all can enjoy it...even though it might be a bit wordy. Faust wanted to make sure you could appreciate the story, even if you haven't played Magic before....And might have gone a tiny bit overboard. ^^;

Faust hopes you enjoy, regardless.

Faust's Magic Adventures:

[Chapter 1: Beginnings]

"Aha..! I've got you now!"

A resounding thud would ring out in the cafeteria.....If the person across from him wasn't throwing down something barely thicker than a piece of paper. Instead, the card landed with a soft 'Fwip', as the brown haired boy across from him grinned a devil's smile. Several cards painted with black ink littered the table in front of him, as he leaned back.

"Tremble in fear of my Nightmare!" he called, throwing his hands up. "Listen to it's Neigh! The Thunder of it's hooves will beat your dreams into despaaaaaair! For with my Nine swamps, I can..."

"Hubris." Faust replied almost effortlessly, two blue-etched cards on his side turned sideways, as he laid down a card. The brunette flinched, and then groaned

"I...you...! Faust..! Aghhhh!!!" the boy snapped, slumping over on the table. "If you didn't have that, I'd...I'd.....Blahhh."

"Ahaha..Sorry Shijima." Faust called, waving his head. "But..you know I can't let you beat me."

"Yeah, but still." The boy retorted, leaning back up. "You should show some respect for the head nerd at the nerd table."

"Can you really be called that if you keep losing, Daichi?" another voice called, belonging to a homely girl with dark green hair that swirled down to her hips. "At this rate, Faust'll take over your title."

"Ah, can it, Tsuyu." Daichi moaned back, leaning in his chair. "He's not a real nerd. He's just a passing visitor in our Empire of Nerdom. Like a wandering Samurai, without a home."

"Hey, I'm plenty nerd, Shijima." Faust protested, chuckling. "Though, I'm hardly a 'Wandering Samurai'

"You mean, like a Ronin?" Tsuyu added, putting a hand on her chin. "A Samurai without a Lord, or Master."

"Oh, but he already has one of those." Daichi's voice mused, grinning. "And she's the reason that he's not a full blown nerd. Miss popular, prettiest girl in the school, eyes for none other than our lord Bushido here."

"C'mon..Yuno's nice." Faust remarked, waving his hands.

"She isss." Daichi remarked, shaking his head. "But, she's way too popular to come by our table, and play our games."

"Uh...Daichi?" Tsuyu remarked, seeing someone approaching.

"I mean, yeah...It's a trading card game." Daichi called, never noticing the pink hair. "Where, it's mostly random chance, and we pretend to be wizards and Sorcerors and such..But it's not THAT nerdy! Hell, We could be in full cosplay, calling out our cards to the heavens, and explaining what pot of freaking greed does twenty episodes..."

"What are you talking about, Shijima?" an all too familiar voice called, a head of pink peering over his shoulder at the table.

"A..Ahhh! Gasai!" he stammered, nearly falling back out of his seat. "W-w-w-we...were just like, totally playing our....magic game."

"I just kicked his butt." Faust added, earning a snapped glare from the brunette.

"How was I supposed to know you had a counter to my Nightmare?" he snapped with a frown.

"Because he has a counter for everything." Tsuyu interjected, prompting a nudge from the brunette.

"Shut it.." he snapped, starting to scoop up his cards. "Sorry Gasai. I know that this kind of thing is too dorky for....You?"

Yuno had leaned over the table at this, lifting up the card that Daichi had in front of him. Magenta eyes wandered over the card, scanning over it.

"Nightmare...eh?" she called, quietly. "So...it's a Horse....but..."

"Yeah, it's a bad pun." Faust addresed, with a small chuckle. "It's Daichi's strongest card. Though, it's still easily countered.."

"Ah, shove it." Daichi called, holding his hand out lightly. "It's just a thing we game sometimes. It's not like we're actually wizards, fighting for superiority."

"Well, not all the time." Faust snickered under his breath, catching a cold glare from the boy across from him as Yuno handed him back his card.

"Yuno...would be interested in learning how to play this game."

"Yeah yeah, so we're dor...wait what?" Daichi remarked, his eyes going wide. "You.....wanna learn how to play magic?"

"Sure." the pinkette called, smiling. "It seems like fun...And if Faust is playing it with others, then it might be fun to play as well."

"Ohhh..pinch me.." Daichi swooned, his eyes sparkling. "I must be dreaming....Magic, making it to the popular crowd..."

"You should totally get Faust to teach you, Gasai." Tsuyu called, with an easy, loose grin. "He's the best one at the table at it."

"H..hey! I was going to offer to teach.." Daichi started, as the pinkette turned.

"Yuno would love it if Faust would teach her!" the girl mused back, cuddling up to Faust as he smiled lightly.

"Ah..? Oh, sure.." He remarked easily, waving a hand. "I'll need to get some cards together, but I could teach you no problem. After school, of course."

"Of course!" Yuno mused back, giving him a light peck on the cheek as she started off again. "Yuno's looking forward to it!"

The girl started off with a skip in her step...as a quiet pause went over the group. Faust looked across the table at Daichi, who was still holding his card.

"You..uh...gonna be okay, Shijima?"

"I'll treasure this card forever.." The boy blindly mused. "The card Yuno touched with her perfect hands......"

"Shijima..?"

===========

Several hours later, Faust slid down in his chair, looking up at the pinkette that followed him home, slinging his bag onto the couch.

"So...Faust was going to teach Yuno?" she addressed, striding over to the counter. "How to play this...Magic Game?"

"Ah..Yeah, sure." Faust started, pulling out another seat. "Well, I suppose we should start from the top..."

It was a lengthy discussion, but no matter how much he droned on, the boy could see the girl was paying attention in her eyes, intruged by what he spoke.

There were five colors in magic to work with. White,which was generally defensive, healing, and several smaller minions teaming up. Blue, which was centered around strategy, and thinking two steps ahead of your opponent. Black, the color of death, and ruthlessness. It was a high risk, high reward color, that fixated on an advantage, at a price. Red, the color of passion, power, and chaos. It was about hitting hard, and fast...Taking a short turn game over the long run, and ending things quickly. And Green, the color of life, and nature...specializing in summoning big monsters, and overwhelming through raw strength. There were cards that lacked colors too, usually tools or ancient artifacts....

In some cases, even creatures made out of machinery.

"Since you're just starting out, I'd reccomend you use gre-" Faust started, as the pinkette leaned up into him.

"Yuno wants to use Red!" the girl quickly selected, putting her hands together. "The color of Passion, and power..! Yuno thinks that sounds like fun!"

"...Ah.. what the hell?" Faust remarked, shrugging his shoulders a bit as he started around. "Sure, you can try Red. Let's see...where did I put those cards...."

A quick rummage through his things, and Faust eventually returned with a sizable box. Setting it on the table, he opened it up, and started to thumb through a myraid of cards...

"Let's see...I haven't really gotten into it.." Faust started lightly, thumbing out. "But...I think I have enough cards for form up a deck for you."

There were a multitude of card types in the game. Lands, which typically generated Mana to play the many cards, and made up a significant portion of a deck. Creatures, which were beings, and monsters you summoned forth to fight with....Sorceries, which were one-time spells you could cast for a benefit...

Instants, which were like sorceries, but could be played at any time...Enchantments, that were sort of magic spells, but they remained after being cast......and Artifacts, which were various knick-knacks, tools, or machinations that could be summoned forth for various purposes.

"Yuno...thinks she gets it..?" The girl called, looking mildly puzzled. "Creatures..lands...Sorcer..."

"You know, maybe it'll be better if we play a game." Faust offered, the pinkette nodding a bit.

"Sure. Just..be patient with Yuno, okay Faust?"

"Of course, Yuno. Always." Faust assured, as he started to go through the cards he had, thumbing through for Red cards the girl could use. After a few minutes of pacing through them, he eventually held out the small stack of cards to the girl.

"Here you go." He called, lightly. "Shuffle these up really good...And I'll grab my deck. Then, we can play your first game."

Faust cleared off the table of cards, shuffling his cards in his hands, and looking up at Yuno. She watched the way his hands moved....and mimicked the gesture perfectly. Faust gave a small smile, before setting his deck on the table, and gesturing for Yuno to do the same. As she did, he then reach for his deck.

"Now...draw Seven cards." he explained, picking up the cards in his hand, and looking over them. Yuno paused, and did the same, magenta eyes glancing over the cards in her hand. "Now..do you have at least two 'lands'?"

"Yes.." Yuno started lightly, looking over. "Yuno has..lands, and a creature, and..."

"That'll do." Faust remarked lightly, waving his hand. "I'll go first, just to show you how it's done...okay?"

"Okay." Yuno called, giving him an easy smile. "Yuno'll try her best."

Faust then looked at his hand..Judging it, and then turned.

"Alright..so, you start your turns at untapping..." He started, before lightly pausing. "Um...more on that in a bit. Then, you hit a phase called..'Upkeep'...Which..is relavent if your cards say something on it."

"O..kay.." Yuno stated, lightly.

"Ah.." Faust stammered, before reaching. "Then, you draw a card from your Library. That's your deck here. Though...If you go first, you don't draw on your first turn."

"Yuno..comprehends."

"Now..you enter a main phase." He added, feeling a bit flustered...but then taking a small breath. "On your main phase, you can do a buncha things. Play a land, a creature, that kind of thing.."

He thumbed for a card in his hand, and laid it down.

"For example, I'm playing this..an Island." he called, lightly. "Now..if I have a card in my hand that costs one...Or, one blue..then, I can tap it.."

He turned the island sideways, as if to show the girl.

"And, use this blue to play that card." he stated, scanning his cards. "Though, I don't have anything. So, I skip my Combat Phase...and then, skip my second main phase....and end my turn."

"Yuno sees.." she called, before looking at her cards, and her deck. "So...Untap...Upkeep...and..Yuno draws, Yes?"

"Yes."

"Okay.." The girl called, picking a card off the top of her deck. "Yuno then..enters a main phase..And plays..This."

She pulled out a card of her own, and set it down. A red-colored card..

"A mountain." she started, scanning her other cards. "Can Yuno play more mountains?"

"Yeah, but only one per turn." Faust remarked lightly, looking a bit nervous he forgot that.

"Yuno sees.." She called, scanning over her cards once more. "Yuno has some cards that say 'Target Creature'.....Can she play those, without a creature?"

"Ah..No." Faust remarked, lightly. "You need to have a target for those, or they don't really work."

"Yuno sees, Yuno sees.." She mused, before lowering her hand a bit. "Yuno's done then! Faust's turn again."

"Alright.." Faust remarked, turning his island back right way up. "This is what 'untapping' is. Tapping a card is like..'exhausting' it...Or..using it..or...Yeah."

"Then upkeep, and draw..Yes?" Yuno chimed in, the boy relaxing a bit and nodding.

"Right." He called, picking up a card off the top of the deck. "Then...if I have one, I can play another land.."

He set another island down, and looked over his cards. Seeing one, he then raised his hands over them.

"And, since I have a card that only needs two land.." he called, turning them sideways. "I tap my two islands...and I play...Jeskai Sage."

He pulled a creature card from his hand, and set it on the table, for Yuno to look over. The card had a picture of a monk doing a handstand..with two fingers. An impressive feat....

"He's a 1/1...Which..Right." he started, before gesturing. "The numbers on the bottom represent a creature's power, and toughness. Power is how much damage the creature can do...and Toughness is how much damage they can take, before dying."

"So..he can only take one damage?" Yuno interjected, the boy nodding.

"Right." Faust stated, lightly. "He's..very frail. Any amount of damage will kill him. Though, he has an ability that will let me draw a card if he dies."

"Yuno sees.." She mused, looking over. "And...'Prowess?"

"Ah..That's another thing.." he remarked. "Basically, if i play something that isn't a creature, he gets stronger...But only for the turn."

"Must be the mystical monk-y powers." Yuno remarked, providing a loud snrk from the boy.

"D.dammit." he quipped between laughs, as he looked over his cards. "Yeah...That..That'll be the end of my turn."

"Hehehe.." the pinkette giggled, drawing her card. "Yuno puts down another Mountain....And then.."

She turned her two mountains sideways, tapping them, before putting down her own creature.

"Yuno will play...Reckless Cohort!" she called, confidently. "He..has to attack every turn, if able. And..is a 2/2."

"Oooh, nice." Faust remarked, lightly. "Oh...I forgot to mention, but...Creatures can't attack, or tap the same turn you put them down. They have 'Summoning Sickness', which wears off at the start of your turn."

"Ah..Yuno sees." The pinkette called, looking over. "Though, Yuno's creature is stronger! So, when Yuno attacks..Her monster would beat Faust's."

"Ah, yeah." Faust responded, nodding. "Though, blue usually has a trick or two up their sleeve..To make things trickier. Like 'Prowess' on this guy.."

"Mmm.." Yuno mused, grinning a lightly devious grin. "Yuno hopes you're prepared.."

Faust couldn't help but feel a bit nervous, but untapped his lands all the same, and drew his next card.

"I'll play an Island....." he stated, before turning his sage sideways. "And..I'll attack with my sage!!"

"Are you attacking my creature..?" Yuno asked, quietly.

"Ah..no.." he started, lightly. "You see...attacking with a creature only goes after players. You can block with your own creatures if you want...and they'd do combat. Both sides do damage at the same time, based on their attack, to the other's toughness. So, if you blocked my creature, it'd do one to yours...and you'd do two to mine. Which...would kill mine."

"But, blue has lots of tricks up it's sleeve." Yuno mused, with a grin. "What if..Yuno doesn't block?"

"Ah.." Faust called, smiling a bit as the girl was picking up on things easily. "Then, it'll hit Yuno directly. And, she'll take damage to her life total, equal to the creature's attack power."

"And how much life does Yuno have?"

"Twenty." Faust remarked, lightly. "You start at twenty...and if you go to Zero or less, you lose."

"Yuno sees." The girl addressed, nodding. "Yuno will....not block your sage."

"Alright.." Faust remarked, tapping his cards sideways. "then, I'll pay two blue..and play this spell. 'Anticipate.'"

"Ah..an instant?" Yuno called, looking over it. "So..you can play that at any time...right?"

"More or less." Faust remarked lightly, waving his hand. "I look at the top three cards of my Library, and put one in my hand. The other two go to the bottom of it."

"Yuno sees." she said again, nodding. "And..since it's not a creature spell.."

"Yep.." Faust remarked, as he picked up the cards to select. "He goes up to a 2/2 for the turn...and Yuno will take two damage."

Yuno nodded, tapping the table with a finger.

"So..Yuno is at..18 life." She called, the boy nodding.

"Right." He stated, lightly. "If you'd have blocked, you would have lost your creature instead to that. Since I attacked though, my creature can't block yours because it's tapped, and a tapped creature can't block. So...with that out of the way....that'll be the end of my turn."

"Alrighty then.." Yuno mused, untapping her mountains, and drawing her card. "Yuno plays another Mountain....and then plays this card! Dragon Mantle!"

She put down an enchantment, looking the card over. The mantle had to be put on one of her creatures...Which, in this case, would be her Reckless Cohort. "It says Yuno gets to draw a card, so she does that.....And.."

"As a small note.." Faust interrupted, holding up a finger. "With that, you can use your red mana to make your Cohort stronger for the turn."

"Ahhh..so that's what that symbol means." she called, tapping a land card. "A mountain, and Yuno powers him up to a 3/2.....Then.."

She tapped her creature, grinning confidently.

"Yuno will attack you, Faust!"

"Ah...and you can use that ability at any time, like an instant." Faust added, as he lightly thumbed his cards.

"Yuno knows.." She called, before tapping her last mountain. "But..Yuno wants to play...This! Rush of Adrenaline!"

"Ahh...that buffs your creature up by +2/+1." Faust remarked, starting to tap his island. "So, it's a 5/3, until the end of the turn."

"And Faust takes 5 damage...right?"

"Right..that would be the case.." Faust remarked, before dropping down a card. "But, I think your creature's looking...Thirsty."

He dropped down another instant, grinning.

"Hydrosurge..?" Yuno remarked, looking it over. "Ah...! It makes Yuno's creature lose 5 power for the turn..! So..Faust..doesn't take any damage."

"Right." Faust mused, with a small grin. "I'd imagine it soaks your creature in water, so it's too waterlogged to fight."

"Like when Yuno drinks too much, and is too desperate to make a move?"

The sudden left-field comment made Faust flinch and blush, lightly averting his gaze.

"U..Um..Y..yeah.." he stammered, as the girl stood up for a bit, striding to the kitchen...and then returning to the table, with a glass of water.

"Yuno has an idea..." she mused, lightly tilting the glass to her lips with a small sip. "As a 'Thank you' For teaching her...Yuno will...make you a small deal."

"A..ah...?"

The girl tilted back the glass, downing her beverage with a quick few gulps.

"Every time Faust stops Yuno, or out-plays Yuno......Yuno will drink." she mused, grinning widely. "And if Faust wins..Yuno will..pee herself... For Faust's enjoyment."

Faust blushed ear to ear, still embarrassed at how his secret had gotten out, and Yuno continually teased him with it....before he gave a small nod.

"Y..Yeah." he responded, with a flush. "I..understand. Sou..sounds like a plan."

Yuno gave the turn over to Faust, and he drew his card with a slightly trembling hand, still flustered from her offer.

"Alright..I'll untap...and draw..." Faust started, looking over his hand. "I..don't have another land....so, I'll just end my turn."

"Okies." Yuno mused, drawing her next card. "Yuno plays another land...and then...She'll play this card for one red."

She tapped a mountain, and then held out a card. "Spark jolt! Which..lets me do a damage to a creature, or player. Like you, Faust! Then...'Scry 1?'"

Scrying was an effect that let you look at the top card of your deck..and put it back on the top, or bottom of it. Rather than asking, she read the card on it...and then started to reach for her card....but Faust held up a finger.

"One second.." Faust remarked, eying his cards.. and tapping two islands.

"I'll respond by playing...Psychic rebuttal." He added, showing the card to the girl to see. "It lets me counter..Er, stop your card from doing anything, if it targets me specifically."

"Oh, shoot." The girl called, starting to stand up. "Yuno was tricked again. Yuno has to dri.."

"Oh..and since i have two or more instants or sorceries in my graveyard.." he called, lightly. "The second effect lets me...Copy and play that card for my own uses..and target something of yours."

"Oh...! Goodness!" Yuno called, as he directed towards her creature. "Yuno needs to get...two drinks now."

"Mmm.." Faust mused, lightly. "Damage that doesn't kill a creature will last on it until the end of the turn...At which it'll recover.."

"Ah...Yuno sees.." She mused, lightly as she tilted back her first glass. "So..My creature has 1 toughness until the end of the turn..Right?"

"Kinda, yeah." Faust remarked, looking at his top card thanks to the scry ability, and putting it back. He watched Yuno down the second glass of water, and then come back to the table.

"My reckless cohort attacks!" she continued, starting to tap her cards sideways, and gesturing. "And..I'll give him this to make him stronger! Titan's strength!"

"Ah...+3/+1." Faust remarked, lightly. "And...you get to scry 1."

"Right." Yuno mused, looking at the top card..and placing it on the bottom of her deck. "Though, now Yuno's creature is a 5/3!...Or, 5/2, with Faust's jolt."

"Uh huh." Faust remarked, sliding his creature up. "So, since my Sage got powered up by my rebuttal...It's strong enough to kill your creature, Even if you kill mine."

Yuno lightly snapped her fingers, shaking her head a bit.

"Oh well." she mused, lightly. "So..both of our creatures are dead.."

"Which..lets me draw a card." Faust remarked, gesturing towards his sage as he drew a card.

"Uh huh..But Yuno has this..!" she called, setting down another creature as she tapped two more mountains. "An..Immobilizer Eldrazi..!"

"Ah..a 2/1." Faust remarked, as the girl gestured to him. "So..my turn now.."

He untapped his islands, and drew his card. "Then...I'll pay 2 blue to put another Jeskai sage on the field. And...that'll be my turn."

"Oooh..the 1/1 that lets Faust draw a card when it dies..and gets stronger with non-creature spells."

"Right..." he replied, as he watched the girl untap her lands, and drawing her card. "Um..What does..'Haste' mean?"

"Oh..that lets a creature attack the same turn it's played." Faust addressed, thinking of the cards. "Circumventing summoning sickness..."

"Ahhh..Yuno sees." The girl mused, before tapping two mountains. "Yuno plays another Immobilizer..." Another mountain... "and then, plays this!"

Another fwip could beard as the card hit the table, and she grinned.

"Ah..Expedite." Faust remarked, lightly. "So..it gains haste..and you'll get to draw a card too."

"Right!" Yuno mused, before leaning forward again. "So..Yuno will attack with Both of her creatures now!"

"Alright..I'll block one with my sage.." Faust started, before tapping his two islands. "And...I'll play Hubris. This lets me return one of your creatures to your hand."

"Ohhh..Foiled again." Yuno lightly protested, getting up from her seat again, and filling another glass. "Yuno has to drink...again."

Faust could see the girl starting to lightly tense up as she downed her glass, returning with a small..tensed smile.

"So, these two die..and that one goes to your hand." He called, putting his card in his graveyard. "And...I draw a card from sage."

"R..right." Yuno called, crossing her legs lightly. "Yuno..will end her turn now."

"Okay.." Faust remarked, untapping his lands, and drawing again. "I'll..play another island, and that'll be my turn."

"O..okay." Yuno remarked, lightly trembling in her seat as she untapped her lands, and drew again. She idly looked over her cards, before tapping down two lands. "Yuno plays another Reckless cohort.... And, the immobilizer Eldrazi again."

Faust eyed up the cards again, nodding slightly as he looked over his own cards once again. As he did though, the girl seemed to pause...as if suddenly wary of what he had to play. He lightly shook his head, the girl gesturing her hand at him again.

"Yuno's turn is over.."

"Alright.." Faust started, lightly. "Another Island..and that's my turn."

Yuno trembled a bit, rocking her hips slightly as she untapped her cards...and drew her next card. She bit her lip slightly...and then tapped down a mountain.

"Yuno plays..this." she called, setting down another card. "Another..Spark jolt."

Faust paused, and nodded, waving his hand.

"It goes through." Faust mused, lightly. "I go to 19 life."

He could almost see the girl lightly sag in relief, before she looked at her top card..and then put it on the bottom of her deck.

"And..Yuno will attack..!" she called, rocking forward slightly as Faust held up his hand.

"I play.." he started, tapping four of his six lands. "This...A Nivix barrier. He's a 0/4 that i can play at any time....."

"O..okay.." Yuno stated hesitantly, as Faust pointed at one of her creatures.

"And, when he enters, one of your creatures loses 4 power for the turn."

"O..Ohhh.." Yuno groaned softly, placing a hand on her belly as she stood up to get another drink, downing it quickly and returning to the table.

"So..I can block one of them...And the other won't do any damage to me." Faust remarked as she returned, the girl's legs starting to shake in need.

"Y..Yuno ends her turn." she called shakily, her free hand lowering to her lap to hold herself.

"Alrighty.." Faust started, untapping his islands, and drawing a card. "I'll play another Island...and..."

He turned all seven of his islands sideways, before setting down a card of a sphinx with brilliant wings.

"Alhammerret, High Arbiter. He's a 5/5 creature that flies...and lets me look at your hand...Then, forbid you from playing one non-land card."

Yuno winced, turning her two cards to the boy...and whimpering softly.

"Does that count as 'stopping' or 'Out-playing?'" Faust asked with a coy smile, the girl flinching.

"Y..Yuno supposes.." she called, crossing her legs over one another as she stood up once again...and filled up the glass with a shaky hand. She sipped at the drink carefully, no longer chugging the beverage haphazardly, but quietly nursing it. Faust could see the girl rocking her hips in need, grinning as she eventually returned to her seat.

Faust took one of the two cards in her hand, and set it on the table to show what she couldn't play...before gesturing with his own hands.

"That'll end my turn." Faust remarked, as the girl nodded quietly...and untapped her lands. She bit her lips softly as she drew her card, looking it over..and then setting her cards down. slightly.

"Y..Yuno has to attack with her cohort.." she remarked with a tight expression, biting her lips. "W..which..Faust can block...if he wants.."

Faust paused, looking at his creature, before shaking his head.

"Go ahead. I'm at 17 now." Faust remarked with a small smile, watching the girl breath a small sigh of relief...Her other hand practically buried in her skirt.

"Y..Yuno will end her turn.." she uttered softly, her legs bouncing in place as Faust started his own turn.

"I'll put down a land.." he remarked, bemoaning his amount of land. "And...attack with my Flying creature. He can't be blocked by things on the ground...So, you can't block him."

"Y.Yuno sees.." she called, rocking her hips a bit more as she bit her lips. "Down to...To 13.....I..is it Yuno's turn?"

"Yes." Faust mused, waving his hands slightly as the girl untapped her cards.

"Yuno draws.." She called, flinching as she looked over the field. "And..Yuno will..tap this to play..Goblin Glory Chaser."

"Ah..a 1/1." Faust mused lightly, watching the girl writhe in agony. "He gets stronger if he hits a player for damage. Though..."

"Y..Yuno has to attack.." she interjected, turning the Cohort sideways as she whimpered.

"I'll block with my 0/4." Faust remarked, lightly. "So..nothing happens."

"O.okay.." Yuno stammered back, crossing her legs over one another as she whined. "I..Is the game almost over..? Yuno's...really got to pee..."

"Soon enough.." Faust remarked with a naughty grin, gesturing. "Is it my turn now?"

"Y..Yes."

"Alright." Faust remarked, untapping his creature and looking over his cards. "I'll pay two blue..and play...Tightening Coils on your Goblin. It squeezes, and constricts him..So he loses 6 power, and as such, can no longer do any damage to me. If he can't damage me, he won't be able to get stronger."

Yuno looked near tears at this, standing from her seat and trembling as she waddled towards the sink. Faust could practically feel the desperation, and anguish in her expression as the glass was first filled up....And then shakily downed, the liquid forming quickly in her belly, and feeling as if it was poured directly into her bladder. She took her seat with a shaky, trembling expression on her face, whimpering softly.

"My Flying creature attacks....and you're down to 8 now." Faust called, before gesturing back at her "Your turn."

"O..O..O..okay.." Yuno stammered, untapping her lands with a shaky hand and drawing her card. "Yuno..Yuno will play a Mountain...A...and...At..attack with her.."

"I'll block it.."

"R..rig..Right...." she called, whimpering and rocking her hips more. "Y..Yuno's turn is over..."

"Alllright." Faust mused, drawing his card..and grinning slightly. "So..I'll play an Island, and attack with my sphinx."

"Y..Yuno's at 3..."

"Mm.. And that'll be my turn." Faust called, leaning back in his chair as the girl groaned, shakily drawing her card. Her eyes shakily went over it, as she set it down.

"Y..Yuno drew a land, but.." she called, setting it down. "It's..not a mountain....'Foundry..of the Consul'. It..just makes..a 1 for mana...but...Yuno wants to use the second effect."

"Oh..?" Faust remarked, looking it over. "Oh yes...For Five mana, you can sacrifice that land to get two 1/1 flying token creatures."

"R..right.." Yuno softly whimpered, turning all of her mountains sideways. "S..So now..Yuno can block Faust's Flying S..Sphin.."

"Hold it." Faust remarked, watching the girl visibly flinch, and squeeze herself at those two words. "I tap two islands, and play...Send to sleep. This lets me tap down two of your creatures. And, since a tapped creature can't block.."

Faust watched the girl start to stand up from her seat, utter agony in her expression at being sent to get another drink.......Before freezing in place.

"Oh no..." she uttered, her eyes going wide.

"Ah..?" Faust sounded out quietly, before the girl visibly shuddered.

"Yuno..Yuno.." She stammered, setting her cards on the table. "Yuno can't hold it anymore...!"

Faust watched the girl's face blush ear to ear, as a quiet hissing could be heard......And the girl sniffled a bit. He leaned around the table to peer at the girl's skirt, watching as the dark blue material started to quickly become saturated in her spilling waters. Yuno leaned back in her chair, before letting out a wail of Anguish, the small hissing becoming a rushing torrent.

Liquid gushed out from under her skirt, quickly pooling around her rump and splashing off of her chair's seat, the girl softly whimpering as her control finally left her. Faust could only watch as the myriad of waters she'd downed finally escaped her....And blush in turn as she sagged a bit against the back of her chair.

"S..sorry.." she stammered out softly, gasping. "Sorry Faust...Yuno..Yuno couldn't....she just...Yuno.."

"I..It's fine." Faust stuttered himself, blushing deeply. "I..I shouldn't have pushed you to...I mean.."

"But..Yuno....had fun.." She softly mused, stepping up from her wet chair, and striding over to the boy. "Yuno wants to play games with Faust..much...Much more."

"A..Ah...We..Well.." Faust blushed, setting his own cards onto the table, and the girl planted her wet waist into his lap.

"Though..Yuno intends to win this time...."

===

Elsewhere, Youmu slumped over in her chair, groaning lightly.

"Sis, you're too rough on me.." Youmu remarked, looking over the field. "I'm still new...you don't have to floor me in this game.."

"Oh, but none of the other kids will show you any mercy." Penelope mused to her sister. "So, I'm showing you no less. If you wanna stand up to any of the others, or try to win that boy's attention..You'll need to be trained properly in the art of Gathering of Magics!"

Youmu sighed, straightening her back again as she looked at her white-colored cards, picking them up and shuffling them again.

"A..Alright.." she stated reluctantly, lightly shifting her hips. "Though...can I at least use the bathroom before we play our next game?"

The other girl gave a devious grin, wagging her finger.

"Ohhh, no no no." Penny mused, shuffling her cards. "Holding it in will help you play better. Move Faster..And motivate you to do your best. We're playing until you beat me! No piddle breaks until then!"

Youmu softly whimpered, crossing her legs over one another as she shuffled.

"A..Alright..Fine.." She called, softly biting her lower lip, and cupping her own waist slightly. "I'll..win this time for sure."

[Faust's Magic Adventures, Chapter 1: End]

*004*2016-05-20 14:55

{{17 hours ago, blooper said:

Hahaha. That was excellent. The number of mountains played by the red deck in a 60 card game irked me, and there was a perfect opportunity for an end of turn spark jolt while Faust was tapped out, but that's just me being a nitpicky mtg player. Presumably Yuno wouldn't have noticed the opportunity. Also, I don't think I've ever seen a psychic rebuttal played in my life @[email protected]

Looking at it it seems a decent sideboard choice tho.

Lesson of the Day: Never play mtg without blue.

}}

Faust would like to remind you that it was Yuno's First game of magic, and that neither her nor Faust are anything even resembling pros. They are using the cards they are given, and have their own errs and flaws. Nobody is perfect when they start out playing, and Yuno is no exception. Plus, being unable to play as many lands, or playing too many has the obvious answer most magic players have experienced.

{{4 hours ago, Unbeknownst said:

Said every control mage ever. Well, unless you count archetypes like Jund as control decks.

I found it... odd to hear everybody talking in the third person. Not that that's necessarily good or bad, I'm just not used to hearing/reading that form of dialogue.

}}

As an aside, if you haven't read a lot of Faust's things before, Faust the writer speaks in third person. Yuno, the character, also speaks in third person. Faust, the character, speaks mostly normally. It's a design choice for the writer, and a way to sound cuter for Yuno.

It does take some getting used to though, if you are unfamiliar.

*011*2016-06-02 22:28

[Chapter 2: Swell]

"Wait, run that by me again?"

"Yeah, seriously."

"No shit? Don't mess with my frail heart, Tsuyu! I can't take it!"

"What are you two going on about?" Faust's voice called as he took his seat at the 'Nerd Table,' Daichi looking shocked about something.

"Look around you, Mr. Ronin." Daichi's voice called, gesturing to the crowd. "What do you see in this kingdom of social activity?"

"...A lot of people not eating lunch?" Faust replied back, the boy shaking his head.

"No, stupid!" Daichi snapped, gesturing up. "Look at what they're Doing!"

It took a few minutes for Faust to catch on, but as he glanced table to table...He noticed it.

"They're..." Faust started, raising an eyebrow. "Playing...Magic?"

Cards littered tables, people pointed at one another, and numbers were being marked down. No doubt about it, everyone had suddenly gotten into the card game that had been dismissed as 'Childish' just the previous day...And now.....

"I know, right?!" Daichi started, his face fighting every fiber of his being to not explode with excitement. "Everyone's totally gone Koo-koo for Magic! My time to reign over the masses as the king of Magic is Nigh! I...Will Finally be popular!"

"Wouldn't you have to be the best at the game in order to become a king?" the raven haired girl mused, prompting the brown haired boy to deflate, and snap a glare at her.

"Hush you." He snapped, glancing to Faust. "They've all just started playing, so they can't be THAT good. I just need to beat Faust here, and I'll be able to trounce em all."

"Right." Faust remarked with a slight shrug, humoring him...But, giving a small smirk. "So, about a thousand years, and you can reign?"

"Ha Ha ha, very funny." Daichi flatly called, pulling out his cards. "You won't be able to beat me this time, Ronin! For I, the Ruler of Undead, Shall..."

"Ummm..." A familiar voice called, prompting the table to turn their heads. "Can...Yuno play against.."

"Absolutely!" Daichi's voice quipped in record time, snapping his attention away from Faust and lightly rapping his hands on the spot of the table in front of him. "Sit right on down, Gasai, and I'll be happy to play you in a game of magic!"

"Thank you, Shijima." Yuno replied softly, kneeling down as she pulled out a small red box. "Yuno just learned how to play from Faust last night...so, she apologizes if she's not that much of a challenge."

"Whaa-Nooo~" Daichi assured, waving his hands slightly. "It's fiiine! I'll make sure to take it easy on you! An old pro like myself would feel awful bullying a fledgling mage like you. We'll have a nice, fun game, and it'll be great!"

"Kick his ass, Yuno." Faust mused lightly, prompting yet another glare from the brown haired boy.

"You, shut face." Daichi snapped back, as he started shuffling. "So, you know how to play, right Gasai? You shuffle and draw seven.."

"Yuno remembers." the girl mused, shuffling her deck as well, and starting to draw her own hand.

"Ah...very good." Daichi stated, drawing his own hand. "Now...It's usually a coin toss, or a dice roll, or somethin' to decide who goes first...But, as a gentleman, I'll let you have the first turn!"

"Okay." Yuno remarked, looking over her cards, before starting off. "Yuno will play a mountain...and end her turn."

"Ahhh..Red, huh?" Daichi called, drawing his card. "I run Black myself. which is manifested by...Swamps!"

He set down a card with a black color, and a skull symbol.

"And I'll tap it to play..Sanitarium Skeleton!"

"Ah..?" Yuno noted, peering over to look at the card. "It's a...1/2 that can..return to your hand?"

"Yep!" Daichi called, with a smile. "It lets me keep bringing it back again...and again..and agaaaaain. Oooooohhhhhhoooo..~"

"Is it Yuno's turn?"

"Ah...right, right." Daichi remarked lightly, gesturing. "Over to you, Gasai. Sorry, I like to get into it."

"It's okay." Yuno assured, drawing her next card. "Yuno will put down another mountain...And cast, Mage-Ring Bully!"

"You're gonna get bullied so hard." Faust mused, Daichi frowning.

"Yuno's...turn is over."

"Right, right." Daichi remarked, untapping his land, and drawing his card. "I'll put down my second swamp...And, since your Bully is a 2/2, I'd lose my creature by attacking. So....I'll just end my turn."

"Alright, Yuno's turn." Yuno mused, untapping her lands drawing her card. "Yuno..puts down another mountain. And.."

"Remember, Mage-Ring bully has to attack every turn." Daichi remarked, waving his hand. "But, since I can return my guy back to my hand after it's dead..It'll end up like a stalemate."

"Ah..but Yuno has a card." Yuno remarked, pulling out another card. "Fire-Mantle mage. It says when Yuno plays this, her creatures gain 'Menace' until end of turn."

"Ahh..so they can't be blocked by less than 2 creatures." Tsuyu mused, Daichi flinching a bit. "So, she can attack, and hit Daichi directly."

"Yuno will do that!" Yuno mused, turning her Mage-ring Bully sideways, tapping it to attack.

"18 life." Faust mused, as Yuno gestured for Daichi.

"Shut." Daichi stated flatly, drawing his next card, and frowning a bit. "I'll put down a swamp...and, that'll end my turn."

"Yuno's turn then.." She remarked, drawing her card. "Yuno puts down another mountain...And then, plays an Immobilizer Eldrazi!"

"Ahhh..one of those, eh?" Daichi remarked. "2/1.....Though, can't activate it's ability.."

"Yuno knows.." The girl stated, turning her other two creatures sideways. "Yuno will attack with these two!"

"I'll block your Bully with my Skeleton." Daichi remarked. "So, I'll take two damage, and lose my skeleton. But fear not, for the cost of my 3 measly mana, I can return him to my hand from the graaaave!"

"Still at 16 life now." Faust addressed, Daichi huffing.

"Yeah, yeah, details." the boy called after putting the card back in his hand., untapping his lands and drawing. "I'll throw down another swamp..and play my undead Servant!"

"Ahhh..A 3/2..." Yuno noted, the boy grinning.

"A-Yup!" Daichi called, with a grin. "So, if your creature attacks, I can defeat it in mortal combat! And it'll all fall into my pla-"

"Yuno's turn then?" The girl interrupted, the boy slumping over.

"Yeah, I guess." Daichi remarked, as the girl untapped her cards, and drew.

"Yuno is going to put down a mountain....and attack with everything!"

"Then I'll block your Mage-Ring Bully with my Undead servant! Since I have 3 power..."

"Instants can be played anytime, right?" Yuno suddenly asked, the boy pausing.

"Umm..Yeah, but.." Daichi stated, as Yuno tapped two mountains.

"Yuno will play these!" She called, laying down two cards. "Rush of Adrenaline! This gives him +2/+1 and trample for each."

"And don't forget prowess." Faust mused, smiling. "Extra +1/+1 for each casting. So, with both of those, and trample...He's.."

"2/2 base, Plus 2/1, plus 2/1, plus 1/1 twice.." Tsuyu counted, as Daichi's eyes went wide. "8/6 for the turn. And, since trample lets you do any extra damage you don't need to kill a creature to a player...Plus her two other 2 power creatures.."

"Ten damage..... Which means...... I'm at six life now." Daichi answered on his own, slumping over a bit. "W..Well, this isn't the end of our battle! I can still turn this game around!"

"Yuno will end her turn.." The girl called, watching Daichi draw.

"Oh? Aha!" the boy called, tapping his lands. "First, I'm bringing back an old friend! My Sanitarium Skeleton! I toldja he'd never really leave! But wait, there's more..!"

He threw down another card, this one without any color in the border.

"Murderer's axe!" he called, moving his hands as if he was gripping the weapon himself. "This weapon, when equipped, will give a creature +2/+2! And the best part...I don't need to pay any mana to Equip it! I just have to discard a card from my hand."

A swamp was placed in the graveyard, as he slid the card under his skeleton. "So, with this, he's a 3/4! More than a match for your creatures! And I have more dastardly things in store for you...On my next turn."

"Yuno sees.." the girl remarked, untapping her cards, and drawing. "Umm..Yuno has a question."

"Hm? Ah, shoot." Daichi asked, dropping his villainous expression for a moment.

"What does that..diamond mean? <>?" she called, the group peering over.

"Oh, that's colorless mana." Faust answered, lightly. "Meaning, something that generates mana that doesn't have a color."

"So...Like this?" Yuno called, putting down one of the special lands she had. 'Foundry of the Consuls.'

"Ah, yeah." Daichi stated, lightly. "That generates mana that doesn't have a color...So, that would work for the diamond. ...Wait, but that means.."

"Yuno can activate her Eldrazi's ability!" the pinkette called, tapping down the foundry, and two mountains. "So, creatures with greater toughness than power can't block this turn!"

"W-wait...but.."

"So, Yuno attacks with all three of her creatures!" the girl called, with a triumphant grin. "And, since all three of them have 2 power.."

"Yuno does 6 damage..." Faust remarked, smirking. "So...Yuno wins."

"She...does." Daichi remarked, lightly slumping over.

"Woo!" Yuno cheered, thrusting her hands up in the air. "Yuno is glad!"

"And you didn't even do one damage to her." Faust taunted, chuckling. "Kind of sad."

"I...got a bad hand." Daichi remarked, before shaking his head. "Ah..it's fine. I'm glad she could win."

"Same." Faust mused, before a catch of blue caught his eye. "Ah..? Yuno, where did you get that bracelet?"

"Hm..?" Yuno remarked, before holding up her wrist. "Ah...Yuno doesn't quite remember. She just...got this sometime after she left Faust's house last night. It's pretty though.."

"It is..." Daichi remarked, before glancing around. "Huh..seems a lot of the girls are wearing braclets like that. It must be a trend."

"I don't have one." Tsuyu remarked lightly, the boy snapping back.

"Well, you've never been that fashionable." He remarked, the girl shrugging her shoulders. "Anyways..Faust's taught you how to play, and it's always nice to know more people that play. Have you picked up any packs yet?"

"Packs..?" Yuno remarked, lightly tilting her head.

"Ahhh..You're still so new to this." Daichi remarked, shaking his head lightly. "A 'Pack' Refers to a Booster pack. Lots of stores sell 'em for a decent enough price, and you get 15 random cards you can use in your decks."

"Ahhh.." Yuno mused, nodding her head.

"You get so many commons, and uncommons..." Daichi stated lightly, waving his hand a bit. "And, at least a rare in every pack. Buuuut..on rare occasions..You can get a Super-rare card."

"A Mythic Rare." Tsuyu chimed in, the boy flinching.

"Well, yeah." Daichi sounded, snapping a bit at the girl again. "They're usually really powerful. Like, amazing spells, strong creatures...Or even Planeswalkers."

"Plane...what?" Yuno replied, tilting her head to the side a bit.

"Ohmygod, you didn't tell her about Planeswalkers?!" Daichi snapped at Faust, looking as if Faust had let out some sort of obscenity.

"I..don't have any of those." Faust remarked, lightly. "So..it didn't..seem relevant."

"Okay, okay..let me put it simply.." Daichi remarked, leaning over. "Planeswalkers are powerful, magical beings that can traverse dimensions....And in the game, they have super-powerful things they can do! They're the face of Magic, and lead figures in the story!"

"Magic has a story?" Yuno inquired lightly, the boy flinching.

"Wh-Yes, Yes it does!" Daichi snapped again, sounding frazzled. "There's a lot of lore, and a big old story behind the cards! You have places like Zendikar, Innistrad, Mirrodin.."

"Cliffnotes, Shijima." Faust remarked, the boy pausing again.

"Ah...fine fine." he remarked, slumping back. "Well, the planeswalkers are really powerful cards, and pretty rare for the most part. They come in different colors and styles...And there are quite a few 'walkers....but, I'll just list some of the latest ones."

"Yuno's fi-"

"You have Jace, who was a mind mage." Daichi remarked, waving his hands. "The color of blue! He specializes in sculpting minds to his liking, and general blue things! He wears this blue cloak, and is really cool. Then there's Chandra, a pyromancer that's on fire! ...Literally! She awakened to her powers when she was younger, and has a lot of firepower! She hits really hard, and has nice red hair..when she's not on fire. She's a planeswalker for Red.... Then there's Nissa, who's an Elf that can speak with the land itself....And manipulate it to her advantage. She's the green one... Then, there's Kytheon..Er, Gideon..Who's a powerful Knight that can make himself a powerful creature to fight by your side! He covers white mana... And then.."

"Yuno..sees.." The girl called, lightly backing up from the boy as his eyes fluttered close, and he started to hug himself.

"Liliana Vess! A powerful Necromancer, who plays by her own rules, and is super powerful herself! She can animate legions of the undead, and made a deal with a bunch of demons for eternal beauty and Youth! She's a bona-fide, Grade Triple A Beauty! Oh, I'd kill to so much as kneel down and lick her boots, much less own an actual card of her!"

"Daichi's a bit obsessed." Faust remarked flatly, the boy snapping out of his daze.

"Shuttup." he snapped, shaking his head a bit. "A man can dream, can't he? I know I'll probably never pull her, but I can try."

"Right, right." Faust remarked lightly, rubbing his shoulder a bit. "I guess we could stop by a store today, and pick up a few packs. If Yuno wants to, of course."

"Yuno thinks that would be great." The pinkette called with a smile, before hearing the bell ringing. "Oh...It seems like it's time for class again!"

"Awww..But i wanted to avenge my honoooor!" Daichi whined a bit, before picking up his cards. "Well, we'll deal with that after school. And packs, and such.

"Yeah..totally." Faust remarked, glancing around at the others. A lot of the girls were wearing the same kind of bangle, topped with a blue gem. He wasn't entirely sure what about it bugged him...But, it made him uneasy.

'I hope it's just a fad...' Faust thought, as he continued along. 'And not..something else.'

=========

"A..Ahh.." a girl with orange hair whimpered, her hands dipping into her skirt. "C..Can you hold on for a bit? I...I really need to.."

"You know how this goes." another girl stated, with blue hair. "You keep playing until one of the players life totals hits 0.."

"B..but..every time you attack me.." the orange haired girl whimpered, the blue haired girl slamming her hands on the desk.

"Yes, I know." she rebuttalled, glaring back. "You drink. And maybe if you didn't have a deck around wasting my time with life gain, you wouldn't be drinking so much.."

"B..but.." The girl whimpered, squeezing herself lightly. "I..I don't think I can hold it much longer.. Please..let me go, before I.."

"I attack you with this." the blue haired girl snapped, gesturing. "Which, with all of this, equals 30 damage! Enough to overcome your healing, and reduce you to Zero."

"A..Ahhhnn.." the orange haired girl whimpered, starting to pull her cards together. "G..Good game, Eri...Mmmth?"

A pitcher of water was suddenly forced to the girl's lips, two other girls gripping her wrists.

"Now..Drink." The blue haired girl remarked with a cold glare, lifting up her skirt. "I wanna see it all in one way...and out the other."

Her hands pervaded the orange haired girl's skirt, pressing above her white panties and mashing at the bladder-bulge forming.

The orange haired girl whimpered, forced to chug along the water with tears welling in her eyes....Before eventually, a low hissing started to ring out. White material started to grey and saturate, a stream sputtering to life under her panties. Her whole body quivered, shook, and writhed in agony....As liquid warmth spread out between her legs, pooling between her thighs, and starting to splash off the sides of the chair. The blue haired girl licked her lips with a vulgar grin, pulling back enough to turn to one of the girls.

"Got it?" The girl called, the other giving her a thumbs up. The orange haired girl gasped sharply, trying to cross her legs sharply in shame.

"Th..this wasn't.." She choked out, as the blue haired girl mashed her palm against her skirt. The dark patch completely saturated the material in moments, liquid shame flooding down the girl's thighs, and staining her outfit.

"I changed the deal." the blue haired girl mused, with a grin. "Now, we're going to let you go now....And if you tell anyone what we did... You'll have much worse to deal with than a pair of soaked panties. Understood?"

The orange haired girl whimpered, her stream still gushing noisily as she quivered.

"Now, get out of here." the blue haired girl gestured, pointing at the door. The girl didn't wait for her to change her mind, darting out the door in a snivelling mess.

"She won't be trying out anytime soon." one of the other girls called, the blue haired one smirking. "Still, I didn't think you'd do something like that, Umiko."

"They don't call me the queen of our sea for nothing." The blue haired girl mused, leaning back into her chair. "Now...get me a copy of our game. I wanna watch her writhe...Squirm...and break."

The girls giggled at this, as one of them handed the blue haired girl her phone.

"You're so bad, Eria." the girl stated, as she started out. "Now..who do we go for next?"

"Hmm.." the blue haired girl stated, her own hands moving to explore. "You know...I think that Gasai would make a tasty target.."

===========

[Chapter 2: Swell, End.]

