Holding for Life - Ch 1

Author: Adrian6970wc

*000*2018-10-02 21:38

(This is a newly written story which I’ve shared elsewhere too and I expect to form part of an ongoing series. It is entirely a work of fiction and any resemblance to real persons, living or otherwise, is entirely coincidental. All characters are well over the age of 18. I hope you enjoy it.)

Monday Afternoon.

@@Anne Glenson counted the day’s arrivals as they entered the room. As she expected, there were seven of them, four newbies and three students who’d come to do a refresher course. Monday afternoon was induction, the part of the proceedings which she liked least because of what had to be done within the time available. Its one redeeming feature was the all the students would, to varying degrees, need to pee and she’d get to see the outputs they were capable of generating. She knew that one student in particular would arrive having done a transatlantic flight without peeing since leaving his apartment. Anne had been tempted to toilet him before the induction process began but knew that doing so would expose her to a charge of favouritism by other students and earn him the adult equivalent of being labelled ‘teacher’s pet’ by them. To be fair, her only option was to get through induction as quickly as possible, maybe leaving unsaid what could be left until tomorrow, and just hope he didn’t piss his pants before she’d finished.

“Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to Holding for Life. My colleagues and I hope very much that you’ll enjoy the course and come away feeling liberated and empowered by what you’ve learnt. I hate this bit but the law requires us to do certain things and fire safety is our first priority when students arrive so I’ll do a roll call.”

“Brian”

“Here Miss”

“Cathy”

“Yes Miss”

“Emily”

“Yes Miss”

“Faye”

“Yes Miss”

“Jonah”

“Here Miss”

“Linsey Dawn”

“Yes Miss”

“Tim”

“Yes Miss”

@@“Good. That’s everyone we should have. My name is Anne Glenson and I’m your lead tutor for this week’s course. As well as extending a warm welcome to our newbies- Brian, Emily, Faye and Tim - I would like to welcome back three returners – Cathy, Jonah and Linsey Dawn. When we first ran our courses in 2015 we did so under the banner of Proud Holders as the three returners from one of our first cohorts of students will remember. At that time, we ran it very strictly – a bit like a school which didn’t allow hall passes – and it was the right thing to do then. We’ve relaxed our approach slightly but we’re still fairly strict and we have to be as the greatest enemy to students successfully completing the course and learning valuable holding skills is wilful human nature. As for my credentials, I’m a highly qualified senior urology nurse as is my colleague, Sarah Worthington, who will be acting along with matron as support staff this week. You may prefer to call me Miss or Mrs Glenson, particularly the returners, but I’ve backed off a little on the discipline since we first started and if you call me Anne it’s not a deal breaker. I am a compassionate person and I try to be as fair as I can in an imperfect world. That does not mean, however, that I will put up with stupidity or bad behaviour as everyone who’s ever crossed me has discovered to their cost. You will, I hope, remember me as someone who was kind but firm. I can tell the difference, as can my staff, between a student having a genuine accident and one pissing their pants to show off or gain attention. We have a variety of disciplinary tools including a level of classroom humiliation as well as enforced wearing of continence and/or chastity products. Our ultimate sanction, however, is to expel a student from the course prior to completion and I must make you aware that in those circumstances we don’t refund course fees. We only refund course fees when students have to leave early through no fault of their own such as illness or a genuine family emergency and, in those cases, we usually only refund the days or part days lost.”

Linsey Dawn: “Huh. You’re the fucking bitch who wouldn’t let me go to the toilet in Gym class last time. We’ll see how fair you are. I bet you get off on making people piss themselves. If I knew you were running the course I wouldn’t have fucking come here.”

Anne: “Linsey Dawn, I will not put up with being sworn at and, if it happens again, your sorrows will be considerable. As to the Gymnasium incident, my recollection of it is that I asked you to hold until the lesson was finished, knowing full well you could, but you chose not to. We will not be using the Gymnasium this time as it is awaiting some structural repairs which have been made possible due to the generosity of your fellow student, Tim here. Were I to ‘get off’ on anything, it would be seeing students leave here better able to hold their pee than I am, and it’s not happened yet.”

Linsey Dawn: “Sorry Miss.”

Anne: “Good girl. Now don’t give me any more trouble.”

Jonah: “Will we be allowed to use the bathroom soon, Miss? I’m bursting.”

Anne gave him a sympathetic look, acutely aware of the way he’d been fidgeting as soon as he’d arrived and the way he was rubbing the bulge in his pants.

Anne: “It won’t be long sweetheart. I’ll try and get this over as soon as I can. I’m not a fan of this bit – it’s what I call the bog roll bit – but we do have some rules and regs to get through. Again, this is the law of the land and not a house rule, but our indoor premises are strictly non-smoking. Also, we don’t put up with any dope or booze here. If you got anything you shouldn’t, please hand it over at the end of this afternoon. You will be reunited with it on Friday, I promise. Please be aware we don’t allow and pads or continence products to be brought in by students as the only ones we permit are our own and they can only be used under the direction of staff.

@@If any of the girls are on their period, please come and see me afterwards and we’ll sort something out. Soft drinks and confectionery are allowed. Ditto crisps and savoury snacks. Obviously as a nurse I prefer it if students bring fruit, cereal bars and diet or sugar free drinks to snack on. However, we live in the real world and, if you’ve brought four litres of full fat Coke and a kilo pf Mars bars with you it’s not a deal breaker. We have free wi-fi and if you want it for your laptops and ipads I’ll give it you after supper. Please be aware that we have a strict ‘no fap’ rule and any student we suspect of masturbating will have to account for their actions. We will have supervised toileting shortly and then at 10pm just before bed. If you need the toilet during the night and genuinely can’t hold, please press your bedside alarms and someone will unlock the bathroom and escort you to the toilet. Matron really doesn’t want any wet or soiled beds. Supervised toileting will take place again at 7am and we will reconvene in here after breakfast.”

Jonah: “Miss, I think I’m about to piss myself.”

Anne: “It’s alright Jonah. Stand up and pull your pants down. Girls, take a glimpse while you can – that’s the biggest woblums in the world. Fancy that in your pussy? Right Jonah, we’ll pull the curtain across and have you on the commode.”

Anne pulled the curtain across and Jonah began weeing the second he sat on the commode, an unstoppable torrent of pent up pee pouring out of his huge cock into the (fortunately) cavernous plastic bowl below. It was loud and splashed noisily against the plastic, sounding almost as though he’d never been to the toilet before. His moans of relief were clearly audible. As Jonah’s pee stream steadily declined, Anne crouched by his side.

Anne: “Jonah, when did you last go sweetheart?”

Jonah: “Over 18 hours ago Miss. I’ve flown all the way from LA and I hate public bathrooms as well as plane toilets so I just held it in.”

Anne: “Jonah, 18 hours is a long time, even if you’re pretty good at holding. Your bladder’s going to be very stressed and you’ll experience some discomfort over the next day or so, maybe a little urgency or incontinence. Don’t worry though as it will pass. There’s a good chance you’ll wet the bed tonight but don’t worry, I’ll see you’re not punished for it. Promise. Here’s some tissue to wipe yourself with.”

Much relieved, Jonah pulled up his pants and re-joined the class feeling somewhat better. Carefully recording his output, Anne moved another commode into place and re-emerged.

Anne: “Right Brian. It’s your turn next. Come with me young man.”

Brian got up and did as he was bidden. Once behind the curtain she gave him a business-like look.

Anne: “Drop your pants - and undies if you’re wearing any – and get on that commode. When did you last go pee?”

Brian: “About 6 hours ago at Schiphol Airport.”

Anne: “Hmm. You’ll need to go then.”

Brian was glad of the relief although his pee had nothing of the urgency or forcefulness of Jonah’s. Soon he was done and glad to return to the class.

Anne: “Right, who needs to pee next?”

Cathy: “I’m fucking bursting Miss. Linsey Dawn and I both took a piss at Cambridge services on the way up from London but that was three and a half hours ago and we grabbed a couple of lattes to keep us going.”

Anne: “Right, I’ll do you two girls together. I know from experience you need watching. Emily, Tim and Faye can be next in line.”

At length everyone had been toileted their outputs duly measured. Anne felt a quiet sense of satisfaction that induction hadn’t gone too badly and her most desperate student had held it in – just – until she’d been able to toilet him. She was forced to admit though that the thought of him not quite making it turned her on as did the fantasy of having his cock in her pussy. Quietly she rebuked herself with the thought “Anne, you’re a married woman, don’t even go there.” Composing herself she addressed the class.

“Right. Thanks everyone. Supper will be served in an hour or so. In the meantime, if anyone wishes to see me about anything that concerns them I’ll be freely available. That’s all of today’s formalities taken care of.”

(To be continued)

*003*2018-10-03 21:38

Thanks for the feedback folks. I'm glad you're enjoying it.

Chapter 2

(This is a newly written story which I’ve shared elsewhere too and I expect to form part of an ongoing series. It is entirely a work of fiction and any resemblance to real persons, living or otherwise, is entirely coincidental. All characters are well over the age of 18. I hope you enjoy it.)

Tuesday Morning -5.30am in the staff flat.

Anne turned over in bed. Sarah, her best friend, confidant, work colleague and, in Archie’s absence, lover was by her side.

“Sarah, are you awake?”

“After the night I’ve had, am I likely not to be?” There was a hint of sarcasm in Sarah’s voice.

“Sorry Sarah. I didn’t have a good night.”

“Neither did I. You nearly had the duvet off five times, all that tossing and turning.”

“Look I’m really sorry. It’s just…”

“That Jonah?”

“Sarah, how did you guess? You should have seen him pee yesterday at the end of induction. I’ve never seen anything like it. He was pissing like he’d never pissed before in his entire life. It was like a bloody fire hydrant. How he didn’t piss his pants yesterday I don’t know. I think it was more luck than anything else. The poor lamb hadn’t been for 18 hours. He put such a brave face on it but I know that after holding that long he’ll have a few problems for a day or so. Also, I’m 95% sure his bed will be sopping wet this morning. I promised him he wouldn’t get punished if that happened too. I can see that’s going to be tricky at adjudication too. You know as well as I do we’ve got to be transparent about things.”

Sarah gave her friend a sympathetic but knowing look.

“You want to fuck him, don’t you? I can tell.”

“I hate myself for saying this but who wouldn’t? You really should see his cock.

It’s absolutely massive. I know it’s unprofessional to take such an interest in such things but I just couldn’t avert my gaze. In fact, I made him pull his pants down in class so that the girls could have a glimpse before pulled the curtain round and put him on the commode. Shameful of me, I know, especially knowing how close he was to pissing himself, but I just couldn’t resist.”

Sarah gently stroked Anne’s hair.

“Hey, I’ve seen it. I was lead tutor the last time he was here. It’s just as well I don’t do men otherwise we’d both be in a fix wouldn’t we? Look, I’m sure you’ll handle adjudication superbly but, if he’s had an accident in the night and you’re letting him off the hook, I’d go easy on any other bedwetters too. After all, the game’s not only about being fair but being seen to be fair too. You know far better than I do how to play it. As for Mr Big, just try and get through today without having a meltdown. I’ve as good an idea about how you feel as a fully signed up, unreconstructed, lesbian can have. Look, I’ll supervise the 7am toileting if you like and you can help matron organise the breakfasts. By the way, don’t let that Linsey Dawn or her side kick wind you up. I know she pushes your buttons but the best way to respond is not to take the bait, although I’m sure you understand that better than I do.”

Anne kissed Sarah.

“You’re such a good friend. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”

“A friend with benefits, you mean.”

Sarah reached between Anne’s legs and stroked her sex.

Anne moaned.

“Sarah stop it. I’m moist enough already!”

Sarah withdrew her hand licked her fingers.

“I know. How you got through the night without touching yourself I don’t know. Look if you can get though today – and I know you can – we’ll have the most amazing sex tonight. We both deserve it. There’s no point in me telling you not to fuck Jonah because I’m sure you will before the week’s out. Just be careful though.

I don’t want you hospitalising. Much more importantly, we’ve both spent thousands on this place and I don’t want you doing anything that will bring the whole edifice crashing down around our ears. After all, you know what they say about mixing business with pleasure.”

Anne gave Sarah a friendly shove.

“It’s good to have a friend who’s got her priorities in the right order! Look I’ll go and make us some tea and a round or two of toast. I packed some of that whisky marmalade we both love this time. We may as well allow ourselves a little luxury or so. When we’ve had that I’ll race you for the shower.”

Sarah smiled broadly at her friend.

“Anne, why don’t we shower together and have a damn good piss whilst we’re at it. I’ve not had a golden shower – in the shower – for ages.”

“You’re on Sarah Worthington!”

(to be continued)

*006*2018-10-05 14:24

Thanks folks. There are one or two surprises in store yet.

*007*2018-10-08 21:58

Holding for Life Chapter 3 - the story continues....

(This is a newly written story which I’ve shared elsewhere too and I expect to form part of an ongoing series. It is completely a work of fiction and any resemblance to real persons, living or otherwise, is entirely coincidental. All characters are well over the age of 18. I hope you enjoy it.)

Tuesday Morning -9.00am in a classroom/group setting.

Consoled by Sarah’s good sense, kind advice and the intimacy they’d shared, Anne stood before her students confident and sure that she could deal with whatever they threw at her.

Anne: “Good morning everyone. I hope everyone had a good night and enjoyed their breakfast. My colleagues and I were pleased to note we didn’t have much tea, coffee, or juice left and somebody had made good inroads into the cans of sugar free energy drink. That’s what I like to see as you’ll need full bladders this morning. It’s not my favourite job by any means but before we get started we have to get adjudication out of the way. As our returners will know, adjudication isn’t just about imposing sanctions on people but trying to acknowledge and understand what’s gone wrong overnight as well as how best to deal with it. Tim, I think you had rather a better night than most, didn’t you? When Miss Worthington checked the beds this morning she found ample evidence in yours of nocturnal masturbation. You know it’s against the rules here. What have you to say for yourself.”

Tim: “Sorry Miss. I was horny and got tempted. To be honest I thought you’d turn a blind eye in view of my donation to the Gymnasium roof fund.”

Anne: “We’re very grateful for your generous donation to the Gymnasium roof fund and it’s much appreciated. However, when I offered you a complimentary place on this course as a ‘thank you’ I did so on the assumption that you would respect and follow our rules. They exist for good reasons and if you don’t follow them it’s not fair to other students. Also, you deprive yourself of the opportunity to derive the optimum benefit from attending. I’m not going to ask you to come to the front and stand with your tail out because I can tell you need to pee and I think the temptation would be just too great. My adjudication is that you will spend tonight in a chastity device. You will be quite comfy but your tail will be out of temptation’s way.”

Tim: “Thanks Miss. I won’t do it again.”

Anne: “I’m sure you won’t. Linsey Dawn, we did find you’d wet the bed but, having studied the medical form you submitted and reviewing our records of your previous stay with us, we fully accept that it was genuinely accidental rather than deliberate. My ruling is that you will spend tonight in a heavy-duty adult diaper. You’ll be very comfy in it and, if it’s dry tomorrow morning, you’ll only have to wear it for the one night. Jonah, your bed was very wet but we expected that to happen in view of the state you arrived in yesterday with a stressed bladder which hadn’t been emptied for far too long. I keep my word and I’m not going to punish you for it. However, if you would like, we can put you in a really comfy diaper tonight but it’s up to you.”

Linsey Dawn: That’s not fair Miss, telling me I’ve got to wear a nappy and letting him choose.”

Anne took a deep breath.

Anne: “Linsey Dawn, if taking into account a student’s circumstances, medical history and readiness to engage with the course at adjudication isn’t fair, perhaps you’d be good enough to tell me what is.”

Linsey Dawn: “Fuck off, Miss. You fancy him and we all know it. You’re after his cock in your minge, aren’t you?”

Trying not to blush, Anne glared at Linsey Dawn with barely disguised contempt.

Anne: “Don’t you swear at me young lady. As a punishment you will wear lockable plastic pants over that diaper tonight. If I hear any more filth from you I’ll have matron wash your mouth out with soap and water.”

Jonah: “Girls, pack it in now. I’ve never been a teacher’s pet and it’s not going to happen anytime soon. If it keeps Linsey Dawn happy I’ll wear a diaper tonight - and lockable plastic pants – if you’ve got some to fit me. I’ll even come to the front and stand with my cock out all morning if you want. Sure, I need to piss – probably worse than Tim – but I can hold it. I’ve had some practice after all.”

Anne: “Jonah, that’s very kind of you but I’m the boss in this classroom and I get to make the rules. You can wear a diaper tonight if you want but you don’t have to and you needn’t decide until later. You’ve not done anything wrong and I’m not going to humiliate you. Please stay where you are and keep your tail in your pants until we do Kegels after coffee.”

Jonah: “Thanks Miss.”

Anne: “Right, that concludes adjudication. Moving swiftly on, we’ll turn to our first exercise this morning which is all about trust. You folks can ask me anything – it doesn’t matter how gross or off beam – and I’ll do my best to give you a truthful answer.”

Emily: “Are you religious, Miss?”

Anne: “I’m a practising Christian but not a very good one. My husband is a Church of England clergyman but all I don’t do much apart from serving for him at the Parish Mass on Sundays and Benediction on Fridays.”

Linsey Dawn: “Yeah, a bloody hypocrite!”

Anne: “Linsey Dawn, this is your final warning. Any more nonsense from you and you’ll be going to matron. I mean it.”

Linsey Dawn: “Oh yeah. Like I’m wetting myself.”

Anne: “You better hadn’t be, young lady. Anyone else?”

Cathy: “Which party do you vote for, Miss?”

Anne: “The Anne Glenson’s Marvellous Party! No seriously, I used to vote Labour after seeing what the Tories did to the NHS. When Mr Corbyn became leader and the whole thing swung far to the left, I changed horses and decided to back the Tories. Actually, for what it’s worth I think Mrs May’s a decent woman. My husband is – and always has been – Lib Dem.”

Brian: “Are you straight, gay or bi, Miss?”

Anne: “I’m bisexual as is my husband. We love each over very dearly but, by mutual agreement, we both have same sex partners too.”

Brian: “What about Miss Worthington – Sarah.”

Anne: “I don’t think it’s fair to discuss my colleague’s private life in her absence.

If you want to know, you’ll have to ask her.”

Cathy: “Are you and her an item?”

Anne: “Cathy, did you not hear a word I just said? I’m not discussing Miss Worthington’s private life and that’s the end of the matter.”

Linsey Dawn: “Have you been for shit this morning, Miss?”

Anne: “No, I went for a shit on Sunday morning - at 11.43am to be precise. Much to my husband’s relief I wasn’t at home but in Sarah’s cottage. My next scheduled appointment with the porcelain is tomorrow night. If you’re still with us on Thursday morning – which I very much doubt if your behaviour doesn’t improve – I’ll let you know if it was successful.”

Tim: “Why did you give up nursing, Miss?”

Anne: “I didn’t give up nursing, Tim. I just quit working full time for the NHS. Don’t get me wrong, the NHS is fantastic and there’s a lot of amazing stuff going off in NHS Urology. Sarah and I weren’t completely happy with some of the agendas which crept in though and we also felt there was a gap in terms of provision which we could fill. There’s lots of provision in NHS Urology for people who are medically incontinent or who have moderate to severe continence problems. I’m not saying it might not exist somewhere in the system, but Sarah and I felt there was nothing for busy professional people who are functionally continent but need a bit of help to improve their bladder control skills and give them choices when a loo isn’t available. Thus it was that Proud Holders – Or Holding for Life as we now call it – was born.”

Jonah: “Why don’t you like masturbation, Miss? Surely you must have played with yourself sometime or other.”

Anne: “Good question, Jonah. When I was younger I swallowed all the liberal guff about how good and healthy it was. If you really want to know, I could hardly leave myself alone. Nursing - and particularly working in Urology – changed my mind.

I soon came to the conclusion that it didn’t help people to develop good, independent, habits of continence and was counter productive.”

Jonah: “I’ve always found if I need to use the bathroom bad that having a good fap buys me time.”

Anne: “It may buy you a few minutes in the short term and that’s absolutely correct. You will, I’m sure, have found that you need to go to the bathroom after you’ve masturbated though, even if you didn’t beforehand. That’s one of the reasons why we discourage it here.”

Jonah: “Thanks Miss.”

Anne: “Good. It’s nearly coffee time folks so I suggest we adjourn and come back in fifteen minutes to do our Kegels. That will give matron a chance to get the commodes in place. We’ll do it as a group. I take it nobody’s pee shy.”

Jonah: “I am – a bit.”

Anne: ”Don’t worry sweetheart. We’ll soon have you cured.”

(To be continued)

