Blue Archive Omorashi Stories

Author: AD51

*000*2022-03-06 03:41

I've been playing this gacha game a lot lately and there's already been images of them shared on the gallery. So I figured some written stories would also be cool here. I also got a little inspired by some lines the girls said during the current event, which is a beach event. So that's where I'm at least going to start, but there's probably going to be other scenarios that I'll just post in this thread instead of making entirely new posts.

Hifumi Lost the Keys Part 1:

“Ah, now that was refreshing.” Hifumi exclaimed after she finished her watermelon. Their vacation at the beach had gone about as poorly as she could’ve expected, but at least the food was still great. The words that Azusa had mentioned before echoed in her mind once again after she was finished. Particuarlly about the part of watermelon being a diuretic.

Her bladder felt that slight twinge of wanting to go. No big deal, but knowing the fact did make her acutely aware of her body now. “I’ll guess I’ll just… Huh?” She went to grab the locker room keys. On this beach, each group was allotted their own locker room which came with its own bathroom. There were no publicly open restrooms due to delinquents and thugs making a mess of things. So it was especially a protective measure by the owners of this beach.

“What’s wrong?” Asked Azusa. “You looked troubled. Are those thugs nearby?” The white haired girl looked around her surroundings, prepared for another fight.

“It’s not that.” Hifumi replied. She didn’t want to mention her need out loud. It was embarrassing to talk about certain needs when Sensei was around. “The keys to the locker room. I thought I left them here.”

“That would be a problem if we needed to change clothes.” Mashiro chimed in on the conversation. “But I guess we can just put our uniforms over our swimsuits if need be.”

“Of course.” Hifumi nervously laughed along. She subtly pressed her thighs together. This need to urinate began to grow as a result of her nervousness. Knowing she had no easy access to a toilet after eating so much watermelon made it seem like the liquids were moving along quickly into her bladder. “Say, does anyone need to use the restroom now?”

“Not exactly possible since we can’t get into the locker room right now.” Said Azusa. “But it’s no problem, I’ve been trained to ignore my needs for long periods of time. This is no problem for me.” She also was the one aware and open about knowing about watermelon’s effects on the bladder. So she had also limited her consumption of the food.

“Right, as a sniper I’ve had to stay in my perch for hours on end without a break. This is nothing for me.” Mashiro also agreed. Though during the times when she had to hold her sniper’s spot all day for a mission. There were limits that her bladder couldn’t handle. So there were times when she privately relieved herself with a water bottle she kept for hydration purposes.

“Okay, I see…” Hifumi knew those two were weird, but did they have to be like this when it came to a perfectly normal need, she thought. “...Sensei…” As much as she didn’t want to admit her need to the Sensei. It was beginning to get bad. He was an adult, so perhaps he could help her situation out. “Huh?” However, he was nowhere to be seen.

“That’s weird, Sensei was just here, right?” Said Azusa.

“I don’t see Tsurugi either. So they must be together somewhere.” Mashiro was right, but that was the least of Hifumi’s problems.

“Well we don’t have anything to worry about the list until later tonight.” She said. These two were not going to help her, so she had to get rid of them as her next best course of action. “How about you two enjoy yourselves. This is a vacation, so just go have fun.”

“Sure.” Said Azusa. “I bet I can swim faster than you.” Already she challenged the other girl.

“Race you to the buoy.” Mashiro pointed out into the ocean and immediately the pair rushed off to their next destination.

“Phew.” Hifumi breathed a sigh of relief. Then she found her hands moving their way to her crotch to gently hold herself. Now that she was alone, she could focus more on containing herself and trying to figure out a plan now that she needed a pee.

“So what are you going to do?” Suddenly a voice spoke up behind her. It sent a major fright to Hifumi as she leapt up in fear. A small squirt shot out from the scare as she immediately went to grab herself again. Behind her was the girl she had forgotten about. Mostly because this girl wasn’t a part of their vacation group. It was Izumi, who they ran into when they went to the restaurant. “Are you all right? You don’t look comfortable.”

“I’m fine.” Quickly, she straightened herself up. Hifumi prayed her little squirt of warm pee didn’t show on her white swimsuit. Then she regained enough composure to answer the question. “I don’t know, I guess I’ll just sunbathe or something.”

“Okay then.” Izumi didn’t notice the girl’s plight with her bladder. “I should probably get back to the restaurant. I don’t know if the owner’s feeling better yet.” When she said that, it hit Hifumi with a plan. That was a place of business, surely it had to have a restroom.

“Actually, can I come with you?” She asked.

“Ah, I bet you want more of my pickle juice ice cream.” The other girl took no issues with the idea. She also was absurdly ignorant of what had happened the last time they were there, but Hifumi didn’t care. At least she’d be able to take care of her growing need.

She thought herself saved for the day, but it sadly wasn’t going to be the case.

...To be Continued.

*001*2022-03-06 11:43

Here's Part 2:

It was a bit of a walk to the restaurant, but Hifumi knew it would be worth it once she sat herself down on that toilet to relieve the pressure growing in her bladder. It was likely that she ate near half a watermelon which lead to this rapid growth in desperation. Quietly she followed Izumi, taking advantage of being in the back to hold herself when she noticed no one was looking.

“Huh, I’m surprised this place is so empty.” Said Izumi as they entered the building. “I thought leaving the place unmanned would lead to some people waiting in line.”

“Yeah…” Hifumi figured that most would’ve thought the place was closed if they saw there was no owners present. Either that or they heard from the other unfortunate souls who had to eat the abominations that girl called food. She certainly knew from first hand experience that what she made could kill. “Anyway, where’s the restrooms?”

“Oh, you need to use the toilet?” Izumi said out loud without a hint of shame. “I guess after eating all that watermelon, you’d need to pee.”

“Just tell me where it is!” Hifumi was bright red all over. She was thankful there was no one inside to hear their conversation.

“It’s just over there.” She pointed at one of the doors. It was a small business, so it wasn’t a surprise there was only one room called a restroom at this establishment.

“Thank you.” The desperate girl only planned on using the toilet and then leaving. She wasn’t worried about being a paying customer since she already suffered through enough the first time she was here. “Finally.” She sighed and went to the bathroom. “Huh?” Unfortunately when she tried to open the door, it failed to budge. “Did you lock this when you left?” Relief was denied to her just as she thought she was about to get it. Hifumi found herself bouncing a bit in desperation as she talked to the other girl.

“That’s weird, I don’t have the keys, so I can’t lock it.” Said Izumi. She went up and knocked on the door to check if anyone was inside. “Hello? Is anyone in there?” She asked, but got no response. Then she snapped her fingers upon remembering an important detail. “Oh, so that’s where he went.”

The reason why she was running this restaurant was due to the owner getting sick. Of course, she was the cause of his illness, which was due to giving him what she believed to be a mango grown black that she got from Juri. It caused the owner to pass out, but when she was gone he must’ve awoken and went to the bathroom due to the food poisoning. Given that it was quiet inside, he must’ve passed out again.

“What!?” At this point, Hifumi lost all sense of composure. Her only chance at a bathroom was just ripped from her hands. Speaking of which, both of them found themselves tightly grasping onto her crotch as she held back the impending flood. Her mind had prepared itself for release and her body was ready to follow. Now she needed to get back under control once more.

“Whoa, I didn’t realize you needed to go so bad.” Izumi commented. It reminded her of her own bladder needs. If Hifumi ate a lot of watermelon, then she had a ton. The voracious girl ate an entire watermelon of her own when hanging out with the rest of the girls. While she was no stranger to eating a lot of food with the gourmet club. That didn’t normally involve things that filled her bladder. “Huh, this is a problem.”

She didn’t appear as desperate as Hifumi. Likely because the latter had what she always called an average bladder. Everyone in the gourmet club was capable of consuming copious amounts of food, so they could handle a little more extra than most. “A-are you going to be all right?”

“I don’t know.” A wave of heat rushed all over Hifumi’s body and it had nothing to do with the summer heat. It humiliated her to have to admit that she was in the midst of an emergency she hadn’t had since she was a kid. As the girl bounced her feet up and down doing a potty dance, she needed to come up with a plan quickly. Her bladder had filled and it began to stretch out noticeably in her swimsuit appearance.

There were a ton of things running through her mind. Why did she lose the keys? Why did they have so much watermelon? As she crossed her legs, she felt like her mind was going in circles as she struggled to think with this full bladder.

Suddenly another leg shot out of her. She quickly used her hands to tightly squeeze her pussy in an attempt to prevent any more urine from escaping. In her white bikini, there was little fabric to absorb any pee. So it already became apparent with a small wet dot growing down there. “No no no.” She panicked, knowing little time was left before she would succumb to an accident.

The other worse part about losing the locker room key was that she would also be left without an easy way to change clothes. She would be beyond embarress were Sensei and the others saw her swimsuit wet from something other than the ocean waves. “Ahh!”

Just thinking about the water of the ocean caused another leak to squirt out of her tired vagina. The wetness had already made itself known on the bikini bottoms. Now some drips were working their way down their legs as Hifumi stood in horror as to what she was doing in front of another girl.

“Ah, um…” Izumi realized that this was a dire situation. She didn’t want such a nice girl in Hifumi to have an accident here. “I know!” Thinking quickly, she rushed into the kitchen and returned with a blender container. “This isn’t great, but you can use this.”

“…” It was far from what Hifumi would consider adequate for taking care of her bladder’s needs. However as a stream now forced its way out, soaking her bottoms, it was too late to care. She grabbed the blender without saying a word and pulled aside her underwear. Finally she was able to unleash the urine trapped inside. It gushed strongly into the container, making a loud shhh sound to go along with it.

Hifumi breathed heavily as her bladder finally began to deflate. The pain of close to a liter of piss begging itself to release went away. “P-Please don’t look.” Once she regained some of her senses from the immense relief. She also began to feel the shame of her actions.

“R-right, sorry.” Izumi didn’t mean to stare, but she had never seen a girl piss with such force as Hifumi was in this moment. She closed her eyes and covered her ears. “Just tell me when you’re finished.”

There was so much urine stored inside her bladder that she was still going strong into the blender. Hifumi felt that heat of embarrassment once more as she saw how much pee she had been holding back. It also took a long time, which led her to pray that no one walked in on them as they were in the eating area of the restaurant as this happened.

Finally her stream trickled off as the rest ran down her leg from lack of pressure. She had nearly over filled the blender, and she was incredibly worried that would end up being the case. Thankfully that was all her bladder had to hold as she carefully put the lid on top to prevent any spilling.

“Okay Izumi, I’m done now.” She got the other girl’s attention. Now here she was standing in the middle of this room with a container full of her pee. Hifumi felt like she could just die right now. This vacation had already gone poorly so far and this event only made it much worse. “Sorry about what just happened there.”

“It’s okay.” Izumi was a good sport about what had just occurred. Partially because given the current circumstances, she knew she would need to relieve her own bladder fairly soon. “I’ll clean everything up. You don’t have to worry.”

“Thank you.” Hifumi could feel the tears building up in her eyes as she put down the blender into the sink. This was terrible and her bikini was wet with an obvious pee patch. She knew she needed to get into the water as quickly as she could before anyone saw her or else they would know about her incident here.

“Bye! I hope we see each other again some time.” Izumi gave her a farewell as she left. “Hmm… Now what?” With her own bladder now filling up quickly, she knew she would need to take care of it without the aid of a bathroom.

*003*2023-01-29 05:35

@Grenn34

Maybe, I'm still playing and enjoying the game. So I would certainly like to. Just haven't come up with any ideas. The ending of that part was just a fun little cliffhanger.

The only things I have that could be possible off the top of my head is maybe Saya making a drug that makes another girl need to pee, but the only options from there would be Shun or Kokona. Then I just don't have anything else. The Hifumi one made sense because of the game's dialogue, so that's why I wrote this.

*005*2023-02-17 08:18

Sorry it's taken me so long to get to this request, but here's part one of Shun's mishaps

Being an instructor for Shanhajin was a great job. Shun loved taking care of the children, who were set to be the future of Kivotos. Sure, they were indeed a handful at times, but she was more than happy with the work no matter what.

Today was one of those tougher days, but not because any of the kids were giving her a hard time. But rather because Shun had underestimated the amount of tea she had in the morning during breakfast. It had now made its way to her bladder as lunchtime neared and she hadn’t been able to afford any breaks.

It had gotten to the point where she wasn’t as active in playing with the children anymore. Instead Shun sat at the table for the instructor, focusing solely on crossing her legs in a private manner so that no one would be aware of her predicament.

Where was her sister, she thought. That girl was meant to relieve her for lunchtime, and she was in need of some real relief now. It annoyed her that today of all days that little sister of hers had to be late.

But it was no matter, she was a grown girl and fully capable of controlling her bladder. Is what she hoped to say, but the constant spasms her bladder sent her made it difficult to hold back the impending flood while also trying to be discrete in the matter. She hadn’t been to a toilet since she woke up in the morning.

This wasn’t uncommon in her line of work, but she normally could rely on Kokona to relieve her in time. Since today was different, this meant her actions had to be different as well.

She looked around her to try and find something she could use as a means to use as an alternative toilet. While she mind thought this was only just a stupid idea beyond someone in her position, a small leak made her change her mind in an instant.

While to most, a small leak was a sign of bad things to come. For Shun things were much more dire. As she didn’t actually wear any panties underneath her traditional dress. After all, it was considered tradition and she wanted to be viewed as a mature lady. Though she was far from it and more akin to one of her students who couldn’t even handle holding their pee in just a little longer.

After scanning the table, she spotted her salvation. It was a pail, meant for holding a bunch of pens and paint brushes for the kids to enjoy art. Quietly she dumped it contents onto the table and subtly placed it under her.

Shun’s heart raced, she couldn’t believe what she was about to. An instructor such as herself should set a good example for the children. If they saw her using this instead of going to the bathroom, then she wouldn’t feel fit to continue being their teacher.

Taking a deep breath, she moved aside the clothe of her dress, doing her best to appear as though she was perfectly decent. Here her lady bits parted as a small stream came out and began to fill the bucket. Unfortunately she was not very lucky at all.

“Sorry I’m late, Shun.” Her sister just had to come at the worst time possible. “There was a mix up at the kitchen, so I needed to work on some orders.”

“Oh, that’s unfortunate.” She spoke with a strained voice. Shun tried her best to stop her stream, but her bladder was too full and needed relief pronto. “Why don’t you go ahead and serve the children?” She suggested, trying to get the girl away from her.

“Aren’t you going to help?” The longer Kokona stood there, the more Shun feared her sister would hear the small stream she struggled to hold back. It would be complete humiliation if her own little sister knew what she was doing at this moment.

“I…” She tensed up every muscle in her body, which was barely enough to cut off the stream. “Actually, I need to powder my nose. A certain someone was taking a while to get here.”

“Oh, sorry about that.” Kokona took the excuse, which was also the truth, and headed to take care of her own responsibilities.

Now free of her sister and her role as an instructor. Shun quietly hid the bucket under the table, making a note to return for it later. She then stood up and took a brisk walk straight for the restroom. Her burning need to urinate got exponentially worse after her short leak that she felt more of it leaking. Without any panties to catch it, small dribbles ran down her long slender legs as she walked into the restroom, shutting the door loudly behind her.

There a traditional squat toilet awaited her as she hiked up her slightly wet dress. The instant Shun squatted down, her pussy could no longer hold back as piss jetted out. She nearly missed the toilet and made a mess, but was able to keep it under control as she no longer had control of her bladder.

Pee streamed out with force as she could do nothing else but maintain her balance and breath heavily from the near accident. The relief was orgasmic as mix of moans and sighs could be heard.

Shun had made it, but only just barely. And the wetness on her dress which required some time of cleaning was proof of that.

*007*2023-02-23 09:12

Her near accident made Shun feel a bit self conscious. At her age, she was much too old to be having these kinds of incidents, and worse so as she tried to set a good example for the children she watched. After all, how would they react if they learned their teacher had temporarily relieved some of her bladder into a bucket during care? This was the thought running through her mind as she secret retrieved said bucket to clean properly.

She hated to admit it, but taking another chance like that could be the end for her. So if she needed to solve the issue, there was only one person she could turn to. The school’s genius in Saya.

“Saya? Are you in today?” She went over to the lab where the alchemy club situated themselves in. Shun hoped it would be quietly, with only her target being around to minimize the embarrassment of talking about such a private issue.

“Sounds like someone’s in need of my services again.” To no surprise, the mouse girl made her appearance with a pair of beakers in her hands. “What is it this time? Do you still need some lotion to keep your skin smooth?”

“It’s not that…” Shun had a massive blush on her face as she leaned into her acquaintances ears. “I was wondering if you had anything to improve bladder control.”

“Wait, you became incontinent!?” Saya responded in a loud voice. Shun was thankful no one was around to hear her state something so humiliating without any sense of tact.

“No, I’m perfectly fine down there.” She quickly clarified. “It’s just that you know how it is with Plum Garden. I don’t get to see a bathroom often, so I was wondering if you had something that could allow me to hold out a little longer.”

“Oh, that is something useful.” Saya understood the need for limiting bathroom breaks. After all, she wanted to always do research, so things such as hungry, hygiene, and peeing were all things that got in her way. “This should work.” She pulled out one of her beakers filled with a mysterious liquid.

It was supposedly inspired by the time she created something that would allow one to eat as much as they’d like without gaining weight. In this case, it was built for fluids rather than solids. “Take this.”

“Okay.” Without question, Shun took the beaker and drank directly from it. “Eh?” Her body felt strange, and it would’ve been better for her had she realized Saya had also used her desire to test if something such as this would work in the first place. “Wait, my body.” Before they both knew it, a familiar transformation took place. Shun’s body shrunk down as she found herself turning back into her younger body, as had happened before.

“How does this even make sense?” Saya was confused on how a different formula could achieve similar results, but it didn’t matter. “Oh well, just take this and you’ll be back to normal again.” She then took another beaker, it was the same as what was used to turn Shun into an adult the last time she had turned into a child.

“Oh well, I guess not everything works.” Shun didn’t think much of it as she drank the beaker. “...Um, why isn’t this working?” Though unlike before, she didn’t turn back into usual Shun.

“Hmm, it must be because the process turning you into one is different.” Saya was unfazed, realizing she’d need to come up with a new formula to fix things this time. “Just wait here and I’ll make something new that’ll work in no time.” She left the main lab to go into her own personal one elsewhere.

“Okay, I’ll just wait.” Shun stood politely, feeling her now flat chest. She remembered being a kid once again, just as the first time made her realize how much she missed this age. Though thanks to Sensei’s help, she realized how important who she was now was for the children of Plum Blossom and her younger sister in Kokona.

She sat down to patiently wait in the admittedly boring lab. There wasn’t anything of interest for her to do while she waited, but there was nothing for her to repeat her mistakes last time, such as Sensei showing up.

However, as she waited she began to feel something in the lower half of her body. It was a feeling familiar to her due to recent events, as her bladder sent the signal of needing to relieve itself. “That’s strange, it seems like it’s coming fast.”

Now in her younger body, she also regained many of the things that were smaller before she properly grew. One important aspect was her bladder size. This combined with her drinking all those fluids before, which might’ve had a diuretic as well, meant she’d need to go to a toilet soon.

This wasn’t a problem at all, since this time she wasn’t stuck watching kids with her job. So Shun got up from her seat and went straight to the restrooms.

Is what she wanted to do, but upon trying the door to leave the lab, she was unable to open it. “Huh?” She got confused. There was no way her smaller body meant she was too weak to open a door. Then she noticed a note stuck to the window portion of the door with text facing her.

“By the way, locking the doors so you can sneak out like last time.” It read with Saya’s signature at the bottom.

“What? But…” She tightly pressed her thighs together, shoving her hands onto her crotch. “But this time is different.” Shun was trapped in this room, a worse situation compared to before now that she had to contend with her younger body.

She took deep breaths as she slowly, with legs pressed together, returned to her original seat. This shouldn’t be a big deal, she thought. All she needed to do was hold out until Saya found a cure, hopefully sooner rather than later.

So this was what she did for about 15 minutes as she sat still, putting all her efforts in crossing her legs and keeping her floodgates closed. Each second felt like an eternity as she wondered just how long the genius would take. Each second she found her will to hold out lose as her bladder convulsed, begging to release her warm liquids.

“What am I going to do?” She asked herself out loud. There was no guarantee on when Saya would return and her body was weakening. Even if she were still in her normal body, time would be running out.

A small stream uncontrollable shot out as she stamped her feet onto the ground in a desperate bid to continue holding. This was a sign of her youth setting her back, as she remembered the days when she was too shy to ask for a bathroom, trying to hold it long enough to last until the class was over.

Knowing she was about to lose her battle, Shun looked around just as she did the last time she was this desperate. There were plenty of large beakers on the tables. Those should be big enough to contain her full bladder as it was smaller than normal.

Carefully, she took one of her hands which had been holding her girlhood and grabbed one of the biggest beakers she could find within reach. Then, she quickly stood up, where another stream shot out as she wasn’t putting all effort to holding it in anymore.

Shun hiked up her dress, placed the beaker underneath her tired vagina and prepared to unleash it all.

“I figured it out!” Just then, a voice startled it. Saya slammed open the door in pride, spooking the little girl into dropping the beaker. It shattered into many pieces as she turned to the girl with tears in her eyes. “What were you…” Saya was about to ask, but by now it had been too late for Shun.

“Ah… Ah!” She let out a cry as her body could no longer hold back any longer. In humiliation of exposing herself to Saya, Shun left go of her dress, allowing it to cover her decency once more. Though this meant the fabric got caught in rain as piss flowed out with no resistance.

Shun’s legs turned into a waterfall as pee ran down, hitting the hard floor with a loud spatter. “Pl-please stop.” She said, as if trying to beg her body to cease this embarrassment, but her body would not respond. Instead, she was left pissing herself like a child right in front of someone else.

“Ah, I can’t let this go to waste.” Saya spoke with words that made no sense. Without care of the circumstances, she rushed up to Shun as she continued to pee and placed the beaker she had in her hand under the girl to catch the falling urine. “Sorry Shun, I get this is weird, but the formula to turn you back… Kind of needs this.”

Though she cared more about the science, it wasn’t as if Saya knew no shame either as she too awkwardly pulled away once the beaker was filled enough.

Finally, Shun’s bladder emptied itself as all that was left was the massive puddle of urine by her feet. “Once I get this properly mixed, you’ll be turned back in no time.” Said Saya. “And, uh, sorry about locking you in here. I promise we’ll get you cleaned up and no one’s going to ever know about this.”

“Hmpf. They better not.” Shun crossed her arms and pouted, a little bit of her younger self on display.

*009*2023-02-24 00:59

{{ 

1 hour ago, Grenn34 said:

Do you have any more ideas for future stories?

Because I think that I could suggest you some more characters. (If you don't mind)

}}

Never be afraid whatsoever to suggest anything or anyone. Whether I do it or not is a completely different story and that's mostly out of time I can actually set aside to even write. If it's something I'm uncomfortable with (unlikely, but everyone's got their limits) I'll let you know.

And currently no, I don't have any ideas because I'm focused on my story and things unrelated to here.

*011*2023-02-27 06:16

{{ 

On 2/23/2023 at 9:23 PM, Grenn34 said:

Ok, the characters that I want to suggest are:

.- Anyone of Problem Solver 68.

I think that their personalities and antics can work for either individual stories for the four girls or a single one with all of them.

.- Chise.

Her air-headed personality could work for an easy "forget to go" story or something like that.

.- Hare.

She mentions in her bond story that she usually drinks between 4 to 10 cans of Monster daily. I don't need to say more.

.- Wakamo.

I don't have her, but still find cute the idea of the powerful and menacing Wakamo trying to hide her need to pee from her beloved Sensei.

}}

I thought about your suggestions, hence the gap between my upvote and actual response, so I can be fair and tell you what I'll likely do. I love Hare, she's an underrated girl, so I'm definitely doing that for sure. Chise is doable because I've always felt she's being taken advantage of by the rest of her club members, so I can think of something there.

Honestly could not think of any reasonable stories for Wakamo or the Problem Solver 68. I might change my mind since it's a matter of creativity instead of dislike, but they aren't high priority.

Though while thinking, I did come up with another student. Kirino as her L2D is literally perfect for a bondage based omorashi story. So that's another one I'm going to do in the future.

*012*2023-03-03 08:17

Here's the story for Hare.

Hare had just topped off yet another long, but satisfying hacking session. And by hacking session, it was using the school’s top of the line computers to play some video games.

During these intense gaming sessions, she would drink copious amounts of Monster MAX just to ensure herself full attention both while gaming and also should she be surprised with a hacking need. The latter of which came up often.

This unfortunately had a bit of a drawback of all this fluid needing to go somewhere. This somewhere being her bladder, which got more agitated from the high amounts of caffeine.

“Ugh, would it kill Yuuka to let us install a bathroom to this unit?” She lamented the needed to get up from her desk just to relieve this pesky problem from her drinking addiction. After Hare had downed at least two of those drinks, she felt the pressure building up, but unfortunately online games cannot be paused. So she only just now got a chance to get up to head to the bathroom.

She walked briskly to the door, legs tightly pressed against each other as she felt gravity hit her bladder hard. At least she’d be able to find relief soon… Was what she hoped, but the door wouldn’t budge. “Huh?” She was confused. These were state of the art doors, which meant they also needed key cards to open so that no unauthorized personal could enter.

However there was something new this time next to said prompted her to place her finger on it. “When did this get here?” She asked out loud as she did as it asked. The loud beeping of failure hit her as the machine informed her that she did not have the correct biometrics.

This irritated her, which was only made worse with her filling bladder. Hare quickly got her phone, crossed her legs, and called up club president Chihiro.

“Is there something you need, Hare?” Her superior answered quickly.

“What’s this at the door?” She asked, putting one hand to her crotch. The need to pee was getting to her, but she did her best not to sound strained in conversation. “It’s not letting me out of the club room.”

“New security measure I implemented.” She answered. “In the unlikely case someone were to enter the club room without permission, this system will trap them inside and alert us that there’s an intruder.” Though with the phone call she received, she knew something had to be wrong. “If I were to wager a guess, the data for your biometrics must be incorrect.”

“Obviously.” It was difficult for Hare’s irritation not to take control when there was a pressing matter trying to break past the dam of her pussy. “Can you let me out?”

“It can only be done directly outside the door and unfortunately I’m busy across town with a client.” That was not the answer she hoped to hear as Hare felt a small squirt of urine leak out. She had expected herself to be sitting on a toilet relieving herself, not talking on the phone still trapped in the club room. “I’ll call up Maki or Kotama and let them know.”

“Great…” She hung up the phone and immediately went to sit back down at her desk. Hare put all focus on holding back the flood after dripping out more piss on her way to sit down. “They’re not going to get here in time.” Her voice quivered as she realized the futility of her situation. “Maki’s probably off painting some mural and Kotama’s spying on Sensei. At this rate, I might…”

She shook her head as the mere thought of having an accident cause her face to get all red. Hare hadn’t wet herself since she was a little girl, though she had plenty of close calls due to her constant need to drink energy drinks. “What am I going to do?” She was the genius hacker of Millenium. Wetting herself was out of the question as she’d surely be subjected to humiliation by all the other students.

However, her bladder needed to empty its contents regardless of whether she was in a good spot for it. Unfortunately with a toilet out of her reach, she needed to come up with a way to deal with her bulging bladder.

Despite all the distractions, she brain moved quickly to come up with an idea. The stack of cans looked appealing, and certainly they could fit seeing as she had just consumed their contents. “I can’t believe I’m doing this.”

Hare grabbed one and pulled down the shorts from under her oversize jacket. She positioned the tall can under her now exposed vagina, preparing to part her lips and taking the biggest piss of her life.

“Ta-da, I’m here to rescue you, Hare.” Suddenly, a voice called out from beyond the door, shocking her as she felt the first dribbles come out.

“Huh? Maki? You’re already here!?” Of all times for her artist friend to arrive, this was easily the worst one.

“Yep, Chihiro called and told me what happened. Lucky for you, I just finished installing BOOM on Yuuka’s calculator.” Hare heard the sound of the key card unlocking the door.

This should’ve been a great moment for her. Unfortunately, Hare had already relaxed her bladder a bit and now a small stream was coming out into the can.

“W-wait!” In desperation of not wanting to be seen like this, Hare rushed over to the door. Her piss continued to leak out as she struggled to hold it once more. “Don’t come in yet.”

“Uh, why not? Didn’t you want to leave?” Maki asked, confused as she tried to open up the door. “Plus Yuuka’s mad at me for installing BOOM, so I need to come in and hide for a bit.”

“Just… Just wait.” Hare didn’t know what to say as she continued to piss at a full flow now. She wanted it to stop, or at least finish. However her pussy was tired from holding and her bladder was so full that it’d take a while to empty out.

“I think I can hear Yuuka, please let me in!” Maki begged, but Hare couldn’t allow it.

“Stop, stop, please stop.” She kept muttering to herself. Tears began to form as Hare continued to piss into the tall can. This was absolutely the worst situation she could find herself in. Peeing uncontrollable, trying to beg her body to stop while she was mere centimeters from having her younger club member witness her upperclassman humiliate herself. “It won’t stop… Why can’t I stop?” Hare was mere moments away from breaking down as she realized her high school life was over.

“Huh?” Suddenly, as if there was someone watching over her, she was saved. “What’s that Kotama? Sensei needs help buying art supplies? I’m down to help.” She couldn’t believe her ears as Maki announced her leave. “Well I don’t know what’s up with you, but the door’s unlocked so you can leave whenever.” Maki was glad she could find a way to escape Yuuka’s wraith as Hare heard the sounds of footsteps quietly moving away.

Finally, after all the stress she had gone through, Hare fully relaxed herself and allowed her piss to free flow out of her. In fact, her bladder was so full, she needed to awkwardly walk back to the desk to grab another can and swap it out. It was fortunate Maki had left by now or else she likely would’ve seen most of her bladder’s contents hitting the floor.

“Thank goodness.” Hare breathed a sigh of relief, wiping the tears from her face. “I got lucky today.”

However, it was not luck that saved her. Instead, what Hare didn’t realized was the spy cam Kotama had left in their club room and happened to have a feed of through her personal phone. She had witnessed the whole thing and knew she needed to save her younger club member from brutal humiliation.

So she used the information she had gathered while spying on Sensei and knew he had been in need of new art supplies. This made it easy to convince Maki to leave things alone. While she sat staring at the screen, seeing Hare’s complete relief. Another idea hit her.

“Hmm, I wonder if I can see Sensei doing the same?”

