Lucy's New Friend

Author: A_Nani_Moose

*000*2022-05-28 01:37

Hi im new here! I had this story on my head for quite a while now but i only got the confidence to post this today so I hope you enjoy!

This is part 1 of a 6 part story about a 25 year old woman named "Lucy" and how she is about to meet someone very interesting. The overall plot is already finished however based on user feedback I can add in certain details upon request.

Chapter 1: "The Lift"

"Can today get any worse?!" Lucy thought as she spilt coffee on herself. She overslept and was running late for work and she only started her job last week! What would her boss think? She quickly got herself dressed into her work attire, a smart business suit and got in her car.

15 minutes pass and she arrives at her work 6 minutes late, she worked at a large 32 floor office building as an accountant and although it was not her first choice for a job, she was happy enough with her pay to keep going. She got into the lift and rode it to floor 29 where her desk was. She had just sat down to clock in when she heard a familiar voice, "What time do you call this Miss Sullivan?" It was her boss Mrs Cartwright, she's a pretty scary boss but nothing Lucy couldn't handle. "I'm so sorry Mrs Cartwright I was caught in traffic this morning"

"Make sure it never happens again young lady" Her boss left with a stern look on her face.

Lucy started to work at her desk, it was the middle of summer and Lucy was struggling with the heat. She brought a large flask of water with her that she refilled throughout the day to keep her hydrated. When break time came she had lunch but didn't use the bathroom, she wasn't a fan of using public bathrooms and decided to wait until she got home to urinate, a task she is usually able to do with ease. During her shift a man came over to her. "Hey you must be Lucy?" Lucy had never seen this man before but considering the way he was dressed she assumed he must've been some higher up in the company. "Yes that's me" She replied "My name is Chris I'm the Assistant Manager of the company, I heard you're our new accountant?"

"Yes" she replied "I started last week"

"How are you finding it so far"

"It's great!" she replied "Well catch you later Lucy and if you have any questions come find me OK?"

"Sure thing!" she responded.

The manager walked away and Lucy continued working on her own, the breeze of the desk fan keeping her cool. "Damn I really shouldn't have drank so much water" Lucy thought to herself, her bladder was starting to fill and she began fidgeting in her seat. However she was confident that she would make it home in time.

The clock reached 5PM, home time. Lucy packed her things and said goodbye to her colleagues as she left. She entered the lift and pressed the button to go down to the ground floor. "Thank god the lift is empty" she thought "I can hold myself in peace"

"I can't wait to use the restroom" Her train of thought was interrupted by the lift stopping at floor 24. Lucy quickly adjusted her posture and the doors opened "Oh hello again" it was Chris. "Oh hi" responded Lucy faintly. Chris got in the elevator and it started to move. "Can't believe how hot it is today, have you been drinking plenty of water?" asked Chris innocently. "Oh definitely!" she replied. "I was thinking of going to the beach today its so nice" said Chris. Lucy didn't really pay attention to what he was saying, her bladder was all she could think of.

"So do you have any plans for-" Chris was cut off by the sound of screeching metal. The elevator was stuck "What the hell?" said Chris. Lucy panicked, one because she was claustrophobic but mainly because she was stuck in a lift, with a handsome young man and desperately needed to pee. "Stay calm I'm gonna call the attendant" Chris pressed the alarm button and got through to maintenance. "Hello we're stuck in the lift!" Chris explained. "You're joking?! He replied. "OK fine we'll wait" he hung up the call. "So do you want the good news or the bad news?" He asked Lucy. "What's the good news" replied Lucy. "The good news is that maintenance is on the way, the bad news is that it's gonna take about an hour."

Lucy erupted "AN HOUR?"

"What's the hold up?"

"Apparently he's on break" responded Chris. Lucy couldn't believe what she heard, at this point her bladder was screaming for release. She began to turn pale. "Are you OK"? Chris asked. "I'm just afraid of tight spaces that's all" She said reluctant to tell him the truth. "Yeah me too" he replied "Guess we'll just have to wait huh"

20 minutes pass and Lucy sits down in the corner. Her bladder muscles straining to keep the pee inside. "You can do this Lucy" she thought to herself but she knew she was in trouble. She secretly grabbed her crotch while Chris wasn't looking. She started doing breathing exercises to help her relax, but this worked a little too well. "Ahh!" She gasped as a tiny burst of pee splashed into her panties. "Are you sure you OK?" Chris asked, hearing her yelp. "Y-yes I'm fine" she replied as she stood up straight. Chris had put two and two together. "Lucy if you don't mind me asking, when was the last time you used the bathroom"? Lucy said nothing as her face went bright red. "You need to pee don't you?" He asked. "Yeah" she whispered softly. "It's gonna be OK" Chris replied "We'll be free soon"

"Just 15 minutes" Lucy thought to herself, 15 minutes until she could leave the lift and unleash a powerful warm stream of urine into the toilet bowl. The thought alone almost sent her over the edge as another few drops escaped. "I don't think I can hold it much longer" she admitted. Chris was sympathetic but he didn't know what to say. At this point Lucy wasn't even trying to hide her urgency anymore she bent down and tightly grabbed her crotch with both hands in full view of Chris. "Do you perhaps have something to pee in?" Chris asked. "I-I can't hold it anymore!"

Chris frantically searched through his bag to find something she could relieve herself in but it was too late. "Oh god no!" Lucy shrieked as she started wetting herself right in front of Chris. "I'm so sorry!" She sobbed as warm pee ran through her legs and splashed on the floor. "It's OK honestly" replied Chris "It's best to just let it all out" Lucy couldn't bare to watch as her pee stream got stronger and her pee puddle expanded larger on the floor. When she finished her face was bright red. "It's not your fault" said Chris "Accidents happen all the time!"

"I promise I won't tell anyone" Lucy looked up at him and gently smiled "Thank you but what am I gonna do now I'm soaked!"

Their dialogue was interrupted by someone outside "Hey are you guys OK? We're gonna open the doors now!" Lucy panicked but Chris managed to calm her down "I have an idea OK?" Chris took off his suit jacket and gave it to Lucy. "Put this around your waist and when the doors open we'll run as fast as we can OK?" Lucy agreed and tied his jacket around her waist. As the doors finally opened the two of them ran together out of the building as fast as they could stopping for nothing. "OK we're in the clear! Chris said. "You gonna be alright"? "I think so" she replied "Keep the jacket and have a safe journey home and we can pretend all this never happened OK?"

"Thank you so much" Lucy replied, and with that she headed to her car and drove home. Thanks to Chris she avoided an embarrassing accident from getting worse and she got a new jacket that she assumed Chris wouldn't want back. As she arrived home she got undressed, had a shower and sat on the sofa thinking about what happened. "I bet that guy thinks I'm a total freak for wetting myself" she pondered. But as she was lying there on the sofa she thought about how nice he treated a total stranger, and how attractive he was. Lucy had dated other men in the past but nothing long term. "I hope I see him again" she thought as she threw his ruined jacket on the floor and went to bed.

The next morning Lucy went to wash Chris's jacket when she noticed a piece of paper hanging out from the jacket pocket. Curious she opened it. It was nothing special, just a list of clients but she noticed it had Chris' mobile phone number written inside. Lucy pondered for a moment weighing all her options and finally said "Screw it!" She took a chance and dialled the number. She started getting butterflies in her chest, she had never been the one to ask someone out before but she was feeling confident today. Lucy felt her heartbeat raise with every ring until finally, someone picked up the phone.

*002*2022-05-29 01:55

Chapter 2: The Café

Lucy woke up bursting with energy, it was a lovely Saturday morning made even better by the fact that somehow she had secured a date with Assistant Manager Chris from work. Lucy was a very introverted person and found it difficult to make friends growing up and while she had boyfriends before, she never entered a serious relationship with one. She got changed into a casual summer outfit, a tight white blouse and a pair of slightly ripped jeans. She skipped her morning coffee since they both agreed to meet at a local cafe. Lucy checked her watch "Ah i'm running late!" she gasped as she rushed out the door and made her way to the cafe.

Walking into the brightly lit cafe, she saw Chris sitting there in the back next to the window. "Hey Lucy great to see you!" said Chris. "Nice to see you too!" she replied. "So sorry i'm a little late!"

"I'm beginning to see a pattern here Lucy!" said Chris jokingly. Lucy laughed and sat down opposite Chris. "So what will you have?" inquired Chris "I'll have a latte I think" replied Lucy. "Good choice i'll have an Americano, i'll go and place our order" Lucy went to reach into her purse when Chris stopped her "No need it's on me" he said "Are you sure? What a gentleman!" she responded and just like that Chris walked up to the counter to order their drinks.

Lucy smiled and looked out the window, she had a good feeling about Chris and even though they've only known each other for 2 days, she was confident that he was a keeper. "Here you go" Chris said as he placed her Latte in front of her. "Thanks!" replied Lucy with a smile. The two of them drank and started getting to know each other. They talked about work as well as their hobbies for a while until Chris said "So I gotta know, what made you ask me out a date yesterday?" Lucy froze for a moment and stuttered "I-i just thought you were so nice to me yesterday and I wanted to get to know you better" she replied. "Well i'm glad you did i'm really enjoying talking to you" replied Chris. Lucy felt more relaxed as she kept talking to Chris until...it happened.

Like a bolt from the blue Lucy's bladder began to twinge, she crossed her legs and started fidgeting "Oh no" Lucy thought. Surely this couldn't be happening again? Had she become so engrossed in her conversation that she failed to notice her bladder filling up? She gritted her teeth and decided to ignore it for now and keep talking. "So any plans this summer?" Chris asked "Uhh not really" she replied "I hear the town is constructing a brand new water park" Chris said. Lucy pretended to be interested even though in reality water was the last thing she wanted to hear right now.

A few minutes passed and her desperation kept growing "Would you like another coffee?" Chris asked innocently "NO!" shouted Lucy "I mean no thanks i'm good" Lucy no longer felt relaxed and started involuntarily shaking her legs as she desperately tried to hold on. Chris observed her for a second and leaned forward "You need to pee don't you?" he whispered. Embarrassed, Lucy hastily nodded "There's a bathroom in the back just there" said Chris as he pointed to the restrooms. Lucy felt relieved and made her way to the restrooms. "I won't be a minute!" she said as she ran.

Relief turned to panic as she saw a sign on the toilet door reading "Closed for repairs" lucy was horrified "This cant be happening" she said as she was denied release. Defeated, she made her way back to their their table. "Wow that was quick" said Chris "The bathrooms are c-closed" she said as her face turned bright red.

"Oh" replied Chris "OK lets gets out of here an-" his speech was cut off by the sound of his phone ringing "Shit it's work, they never call me on a saturday unless it's urgent, i'll be 5 minutes OK I promise just hang on" Lucy sat down and grabbed her crotch as Chris answered the phone. She looked out the window and tried to take her mind off her bursting bladder. "Please hurry" she thought to herself as her bladder begged for release "Maybe i'll just let a little bit out to ease the pain" she thought as let a small burst of urine into her white panties. "Fuck!" she thought as another wave of desperation hit her followed by an accidental release, her strategy hadn't worked and her pussy throbbed as her urgency increased.

Still talking on the phone, Chris could see how badly Lucy needed to go but couldn't hang up on his boss. Lucy accidently let out another involuntary spurt of pee as she tried to clamp her vagina shut. She closed her eyes and tried to take her mind of things and listened to the sounds of the cafe. She thought about the sounds of the coffee machines wurring, the acoustic music being played over the speakers and most regrettably the sound of warm water being poured into cups. The sound of water had sent her over the edge as she let go and started peeing uncontrollably on the seat.

"Fuck" she sobbed as she felt the warm liquid quickly fill her panties and spill onto the leather seat, her jeans turning a darker shade of blue as the pee went down her long sexy legs with some drops managing to find their way inside her shoes. She couldn't stop herself as her bladder entered auto pilot and drained every last drop of piss out of her body. It was a mixture of severe embarrassment mixed with a hint of pleasure as she finally stopped wetting.

By now Chris had seen everything and as he finally ended his phone call "Lucy I am SO sorry!" he said "I had no idea how long I was on the phone for". Lucy was too embarrassed to respond as waitresses and other patrons could see what happened. "Come with me" Chris said as he walked her out of the cafe and onto the street. "Chris I am so sorry you must think i'm such a baby" she said with a tear rolling down her cheek.

"Don't be ridiculous" said Chris as he wiped the tear off her face "I'm afraid I didn't bring a jacket this time" he joked. "Get in my car i'll drive you home" he offered "But i'll get the car wet!"she replied "I don't care" said Chris "You shouldn't have to walk back home like this". Reluctantly Lucy got in Chris's car and the two of them drove to Lucy's house. "This your place?" Chris asked as they pulled up outside "Yeah" replied Lucy feeling a little better. They pulled up and Chris asked if he could come in "Sure if you want, i'll just get changed and we can talk" Lucy replied.

As she got changed she thought about how odd it was that Chris wasn't freaked out by her actions, she got dressed and joined Chris in the living room. "You look good" said Chris "How are you feeling"

"Like I want to just go to sleep and never wake up"

"Don't be silly" replied Chris "You shouldn't be so hard yourself it was only an accident" Lucy found Chris's words comforting but she still was embarrassed "I can't ever go back to that cafe ever again" she said "Luckily there are hundreds of coffee shops in town" Chris replied. "I just can't believe I wet myself twice in front of you" Lucy responded "You must think i'm a total-" Lucy was interrupted by Chris hugging her "Don't beat yourself up!" he stated "I think you're a very nice girl who I want to spend more time with!" Lucy was stunned "Y-you really mean that?" she replied "Of course" said Chris with a grin "Same time tommorow? There's this film I'd really like to see"

"I...would like that" Lucy responded "Great see you then!" and with that Chris kissed Lucy on the cheek and got in his car.

Lucy was ecstatic she couldn't believe Chris asked her out again. She waved him goodbye and began planning for tommorow...

*003*2022-06-06 23:51

Here Is part 3

Apologies for the delay, this is the longest chapter so far and my PC decided to shut itself down as I was halfway done writing this chapter. Lesson learned, always save periodically.

Things get a bit more heated in this chapter

Chapter 3: The Cinema

It was a warm Sunday morning and Lucy was getting ready to meet Chris at the cinema, she had developed a fondness for him ever since they first met in the office. This time however things would be different, she thought to herself. She was determined not to have another accident in front of him. She had a long pee in the toilet and got ready. She was wearing a casual summer outfit, a bright yellow t-shirt and a pair of jean shorts with some brown sandals. She gathered her things and left in the car to go to the cinema.

When she arrived she saw Chris waiting for her in the foyer. "Hey Lucy!" he said with a smile "Heyyy" replied Lucy. "So what movie are we watching?"

"I was wondering if you'd be interested in the new action movie "High Pistol"? said Chris. "Ooh good choice" replied Lucy "I love Tom Sails' movies!" Chris and Lucy bought their tickets and walked over to the concession stand. "Wanna get some popcorn"? asked Chris "Sure!" said Lucy "OK do you like salted or sweet popcorn?"

"I like both to be honest" said Lucy "OK how about we get a mixed bag to share?" Chris asked "Sounds great!" replied Lucy "OK now what about to drink? I'm getting a large soda" said Chris "Umm is it OK if I just get a small water actually?" replied Lucy "Don't be silly!" replied Chris "The movie is long you'll want something bigger trust me" Lucy hesitated for a moment, she didn't want a huge drink because of her recent bladder troubles, but not to be rude, she accepted and Chris bought her a large soda as well.

They took their seats in the theatre, a row right at the back and waited for the movie to start. Lucy glared at her massive bottle of soda, it must've been about a litre. She dared to think about having an accident right in the movie theatre. As the movie started Lucy and Chris took turns sharing the popcorn they bought. The popcorn was very dry so Lucy found herself having to take frequent sips of her large ice cold drink. As she watched the film, her mind was distracted by the thought of wetting herself crossing her mind, this made Lucy anxious and the more she got nervous, the more she ate, and the more she ate the thirstier she become.

About halfway through the movie, the inevitable happened. Lucy needed to use the bathroom. Lucy was so invested in the movie that she had forgotten about her bladder. "This can't be happening!" Lucy thought "How could I be so careless?" she started to fidget in her seat a little, she crossed and uncrossed her legs several times. This wasn't working so she stealthily slid her hand into her crotch to ease some of the pressure. This worked for a little while but she quickly found her bladder filling up again. Lucy didn't know what to do, the cinema was pretty full so she didn't want to bother anyone by walking in front of them while they were watching the film. Lucy was getting increasingly desperate.

She began uncontrollably shaking her legs which caught the attention of Chris. "You OK?" Chris asked innocently "Y-yeah of course" she replied with a slightly pained expression on her face" Chris whispered in her ear "Do you need the bathroom?"

"Y-yeah" replied Lucy "Really badly" Chris said something that surprised her "I need to pee too" he said "I've been holding it for about an hour now" Lucy was surprised to learn that Chris was just as desperate for the loo as she was but she found it somewhat comforting that she wasn't alone in her dilemma. "What should we do?" asked Lucy now fully grabbing her crotch with both hands. "I really don't wanna miss the movie" said Chris "But we cant enjoy it if our bladders are full" Lucy gasped as she felt a small trickle of pee leak into her panties, she quickly grabbed herself and managed to stop the flow.

"Fuck this is bad" said Lucy "I need to piss so bad. I don't know why this keeps happening!"

"Stay calm" replied Chris now grabbing himself as well "We just have to hold it for as long as we can" Lucy gritted her teeth, that was not what she wanted to hear, she wanted nothing more than to just rip off her shorts and piss in the toilet bowl, but these thoughts were not helping the situation. Lucy undone one of the buttons on her shorts which exposed her pink panties a little. As she did so she felt another wave of desperation hit and another pee spurt filled her panties. "Fuck!" she moaned quietly as she could see her panties get damper. Chris gasped a little too and Lucy had assumed that Chris had a small accident in his underwear too. Chris looked towards Lucy and was surprised to see her panties showing through her jean shorts. "Ahh!" said Lucy "I am so sorry I had to undo my button!" Chris laughed and said "Its OK! I may have had a little accident too"

"You know what?" declared Chris "I cant hold it in anymore" Lucy looked at Chris puzzled as he relaxed into his chair, and started letting out his pee in his trousers! "Oh my!" Lucy said as she watched a fully grown man wet himself in his chair. Chris let out a soft moan as he let the pee flow into his trousers and onto the floor below him. Luckily for him the only person that could see what was happening was Lucy since the room was pitch black and everyone else was fixed on the movie.

"I'm sorry" Chris said as he finished peeing "I just couldn't hold it anymore it was starting to hurt"

"I totally get it" replied Lucy. "But look at your trousers they're soaked! How are you going to walk out of here unnoticed?"

"Ill worry about that later!" he replied. "Y'know you should do it too, it feels way better than holding it!"

"I-I bet it does b-but"

"But what?" replied Chris "What if someone sees me?"

"I will cover you when we leave" said Chris "Don't deny your bladder any longer, you'll feel way better trust me". Lucy thought about it for a moment but on the verge of her bladder bursting and after seeing how relieved Chris looked, she closed her eyes and relaxed...

It began with a trickle but then turned into a hard stream as she finally let go of her aching bladder muscles and peed straight through her shorts. Her bladder thanked her by sending waves of ecstasy through her body as she let out a little moan. Pee was flooding her tight shorts and spilling onto the seat and the popcorn stained floor below her. Drops of pee had managed to make their way inside her sandals. After what felt like forever she finally finished peeing. "Wow ok you were right that did feel better" she said "Told you!" replied Chris. "I feel sorry for the cleaners though!" Lucy joked "Haha yeah don't worry maybe they'll think its just spilled soda!" replied Chris jokingly "I don't think soda is supposed to smell like pee!" she replied.

Lucy didn't want to admit it but she had secretly enjoyed wetting herself just now, maybe it was because she wasn't alone anymore or maybe she just grown used to it. Either way she knew she didn't want to make a habit out of it as she knew other people would be more judgemental if they saw her wetting herself.

The two of them watched the last 30 minutes of the movie and as the credits rolled they quickly covered their laps so nobody could see their wet clothes. "Lets wait for everyone to leave before us" said Chris "Good idea" replied Lucy. As the last of the movie-goers left, the two of them dashed out of their seat and ran straight to the exit. "Well I guess we better get going" said Lucy "Well actually if you don't mind there is something I wanted to ask you" said Chris "Oh?" asked Lucy "What is it?"

"My jacket" stated Chris "The one I gave to you? I have an important meeting with a client tomorrow morning and I kinda need it back"

Lucy was embarrassed, she hadn't washed it yet after he gave it to her to use as a pee shield. "Um yeah about that..." Lucy said with an embarrassed look on her face "...I haven't got around to washing it yet, sorry I didn't think you'd want it back"

"Not to worry!" replied Chris "I can wash it when I- oh damn I forgot, my washing machine is broke" without hesitation Lucy replied saying "You can come over and use mine!"

"Really?!" replied Chris with a grin "That would be great" and just like that they both got into their own cars and drove to Lucy's place.

"When they arrived Lucy invited him inside and directed him to the jacket on the floor "Here it is!" said Lucy "Sorry I kinda just threw it on the floor"

"All good I'll just put it in the machine" replied Chris. "While we're here we should undress and put our pee stained clothes in the wash" said Lucy "Good thinking" replied Chris. "Except I don't have any spare clothes!" said Chris "Ohh right..." said Lucy "Forgot about that!" The two of them thought about what to do and eventually Lucy had an idea "You can wear one of my outfits if you like, I have some gender neutral outfits"

"OK sure" Chris said and they both got changed in separate rooms.

"You look good in that!" said Lucy admiring Chris's new look "It's a little tight for me but it will do until the washing is done" said Chris. They put all their wet clothes in the washing machine and started it up. "Well this is gonna take some time so what do you wanna do?" asked Chris. Lucy bit her lip, maybe it was because she had gotten used to being around Chris but she found some extra confidence to make a move on him "I-i wanted to ask you something" she said faintly "I really like being with you, I've had more fun this weekend than I have ever had in years and I was wondering if you and I could keep seeing each other?"

"Are you saying you're in love with me Miss Lucy?" replied Chris teasingly "U-uh I-i" Lucy struggled to get her words out she was redder than Mars. "Sorry I got a little carried away, I mean you're my boss you don't want someone unprofessional who wets themselves like me" said Lucy with a sad look on her face. Chris paused for a moment "I'm sorry" said Lucy "I shouldn't hav-" her words were interrupted by the sight of Chris leaning in to kiss Lucy on the lips. Shocked and embarrassed, Lucy recoiled a little bit but than began to kiss him back and closed her eyes. "This feels so right" she thought to herself and as the kiss ended Lucy went back in for more. They shared another passionate kiss until Chris said "I love you too Lucy"

Lucy was now doing what she should've done a while ago and let her heart guide her, shutting her brain off entirely. "I want you so fucking badly" she said as she pulled him towards the bedroom and started making out on her bed. As the two of them explored each others bodies for the first time, Lucy was the happiest she had been in a long time. Then after some intense intercourse Lucy orgasmed and moaned as a wave of ecstasy shot through her. This was the first time a man had made her orgasm in bed. She was feeling extremely horny. She let Chris finish on her tits and the two of them laid on the bed next to each other "That was fucking incredible!" said Lucy "Your the best girl I've ever met!" replied Chris "I want to be with you forever" said Lucy "I would like nothing more" replied Chris. "It's getting late, you mind if I crash here for the night? I'm exhausted"

"Of course!" answered Lucy "I'll get my washing tomorrow morning"

As Chris slept like a baby, Lucy smiled wide and congratulated herself on pulling the man of her dreams. She knew without any doubt that he was the one, and that she wanted to spend eternity with him. That night she slept like a kitten.

*007*2022-06-16 17:59

Here is Part 4! Thank you everybody for the amazing feedback so far it has really encouraged me to keep going. I'm trying something new with this chapter to hopefully make it a little easier to read and I've given each speaker their own paragraph based on feedback so hopefully you enjoy!

Chapter 4: The Drive

Lucy and Chris have been dating as boyfriend and girlfriend for two weeks now and while they don't get to see each other much at work due to conflicting schedules, they frequently meet up in the evenings for dates or a romantic night in at each others houses and best of all, Lucy had not had a single accident since the cinema incident. After what felt like the longest work week ever, the weekend was finally here and Chris had made plans with Lucy to go on a road trip down to the sea for the weekend where they would spend the night in a hotel.

Chris showed up at Lucy's house at 8AM in his car to pick her up. Lucy was wearing a beautiful red dress with a nice floral pattern for the hot weather. She got her luggage and walked over to Chris who was waiting in the car.

Lucy: "Hey Chris!"

Chris: "Hey babe! love the dress!"

Lucy: "Thank you hun!"

Chris: "You ready for the beach?"

Lucy: "You kidding? I've been waiting all week for this!"

Lucy put her luggage in the back of the car and sat down in the passenger seat right next to Chris. Chris hit the gas and the two of them headed off to their destination.

Chris: "By the way I bought these smoothies from the cafe earlier for the trip, they're really good you should try it"

Lucy: "Oh cool! I love their smoothies!"

She had a few sips of her drink and turned on the car radio so they could listen to music while they drove.

30 minutes into their journey they reached a busy motorway and before they knew it they were stuck in traffic a mile long.

Chris: "Oh dammit we're gonna be here a while, I'm sure it's nothing serious"

Lucy: "Oh that's a shame it was going so smoothly too"

As they were stuck in traffic the radio announced a traffic report.

Radio: "We're getting reports of heavy traffic on the M4 this morning as an overturned lorry is blocking both lanes of traffic, experts say that it may take up to two hours to clear the obstruction"

Chris: "Two hours?!"

Lucy: "No way!"

Chris: "It'll be fine we got plenty of food and drink on board, we'll just have to sit tight"

The two of them started waiting for the blockage to be cleared when Lucy felt a very familiar feeling.

Before she knew it, Lucy's bladder was full and she crossed her legs to relieve some of the pressure.

Lucy: "How's the traffic looking?"

Chris: "Not great, I'd say it will take another hour from here at least"

Lucy felt a cold sweat drip from her forehead, she knew she couldn't wait that long to use the bathroom, her prior accidents had told her that. She gritted her teeth and tried to ignore her urge to urinate by turning up the radio and listening to music.

Lucy's need only grew worse with time and she soon found herself jamming her hands into her crotch, she was usually a very shy girl who hated having to admit she needed a pee, but having already wet herself before multiple times in front of Chris had made her more confident.

Lucy: "Fuck babe I need to pee like crazy! Is there a service station nearby or maybe somewhere to pull over?"

Chris: I'm afraid not, we're in gridlock and the nearest service station is beyond the crash site."

Lucy: "Why does this keep happening"?

Chris: "What do you mean?"

Lucy: "Every time I'm with you I get so desperate to pee!"

Chris: "You probably just have a small bladder!"

Lucy: "I DO NOT!" I'll prove it!"

Chris: "How?"

Lucy: "I'll hold my pee all the way until we get to the service station!"

Chris: "Alright you're on!"

With that Lucy was now more determined than ever to prove Chris wrong and to break the cycle of wettings. She took multiple deep breaths and massaged her stomach to try and keep the liquid in place.

Chris started fidgeting in his seat and occasionally grabbed his crotch

Lucy: "Oh my god you totally have to go too don't you?"

Chris: "No way!" I don't have a small bladder like you!"

Lucy: "Oh yeah? Like you didn't wet yourself watching that movie?"

Chris: "That was different! I only did that to make you feel comfortable, I could've totally made it to the bathroom."

Lucy: "Sure thing hun, just admit you have to pee"

Chris: "OK fine! I've been holding it since I left the house this morning!"

Lucy: "Why didn't you just use the bathroom at your house?"

Chris: "B-because I ran out of time"

Lucy: "OK then Mister, I challenge you to a battle of wits, whoever can hold their pee in the longest wins. The loser has to pay for gas!"

Chris: "You're on!"

Now Lucy had found herself in a friendly competition with her boyfriend over who has the biggest bladder. The two of them held their bladders as much as they could but Lucy had a slight advantage as she could use both of her hands since Chris had to focus on turning the wheel.

20 minutes pass and neither party wants to admit defeat. Lucy had let out a tiny amount of pee into her undies hoping it would help, it didn't. Chris was getting red in the face and had to adjust his tight belt a bit.

Traffic came to a complete standstill as the blockage was still on the road, Chris started sweating and undid his fly. He knew the traffic wasn't going to let up and so he admitted defeat.

Chris: "Fuck I can't hold it anymore"

Frantic, Chris searched for something to pee in. He looked at his smoothie bottle but it was still half full. He then glanced at Lucy's empty bottle on the floor and begged Lucy to give it to her.

Chris: "Quick gimme the bottle! I'm about to pee!

Lucy: "You mean this bottle? What if I don't want to give it to you?" She teased

Chris: "Babe I'm serious you win! I need to go like crazy!"

Lucy: "It's kinda hot when you squirm like that"

Chris: "Just hand it over quickly before- oh god"

Chris had accidently let out an involuntary squirt of piss into his jeans and it left a small statin on the front of his trousers. Lucy laughed and gave him the bottle. Chris frantically began pulling his cock out and before he aligned his dick with the rim of the bottle, began peeing at great force into the container.

Chris: "Ahhhhhh fuck!" said Chris as he finally felt the relief he'd been craving. He didn't care if other drivers were watching he was just in pure bliss as his bladder emptied and the bottle filled.

Lucy teased Chris over losing the bet but the sound of pee splashing into the bottle reminded her of her own situation. She clamped her hands around her waist as she waited for Chris to finish.

Lucy: "Hurry up! I need to go too!"

Chris: "I thought you said you could wait until the service station?"

Lucy: "And I thought YOU said you had a bigger bladder than me! Just gimme the damn cup!"

Chris: "Well maybe I don't want to!"

Lucy: "Babe I'm serious I know I teased you before but I'm actually gonna have an accident in your car if you don't give me the bottle!"

Chris: "I cant tell you how good that felt when I finally let all that urine sloshing around in my bladder go. It was like a river of warm clear piss just went straight through me!" he teased

Lucy: "Oh my god stop!"

Chris: "If you want it back so bad you're gonna have to make me!"

Lucy: "Chris stop! If I move I'm going to burst!"

Chris: "Well maybe I want you too!"

Chris began to tickle Lucy.

Lucy: "Ah! No stop!" she laughed

Lucy: "Oh god its happening! I told you!"

Lucy had reached her breaking point and almost instantly a hot stream of urine flooded into her panties and made a puddle around her crotch. Her seat was drenched as the pee kept flowing out of her like a waterfall. She began to moan with pleasure as the hot pee combined with the already hot car seat made her ass nice and warm.

Lucy: "I cant stop it!" she said as more and more urine kept coming out of her pussy, some of it splashing onto the floor below and into her sandals.

When she finally finished peeing she took a big sigh of relief and muttered under her breath "That felt amazing"

Suddenly she came to her senses and realized she had just wet herself in her boyfriends car

Lucy: "Oh god I-"

Chris: "Don't worry about it's my fault for teasing you, I may have gotten a little carried away back there"

Lucy leaned back in her chair and the pair laughed it off together.

Chris: "Once this traffic finally clears we'll go to that service station and get a bite to eat how does that sound?"

Lucy: "Sounds great, but maybe no drinks though!"

After what felt like an eternity the blockage was finally cleared and the two of them drove into the nearest service station and sat down for lunch. Lucy's dress remained remarkably dry and no pee stains were visible so she only put on a new pair of panties in the women's bathroom.

Lucy: "There's no way in hell I would've held it for so long!"

Chris: "Yeah you pissed like a camel back there! That must've felt pretty good"

Lucy "It felt amazing but I don't want to make a habit out of it!"

Chris: "Y-yeah no of course"

Lucy: "Y'know I always had a pretty strong bladder, I always held my pee quite well but ever since I've met you something has changed within me."

Chris: "It's probably just uh... nerves or something. It's cool though I wont judge you"

Lucy: "Aww thanks babe"

The two of them finished lunch and made their way back to the car

Chris: "Guess that means I have to pay for petrol huh?"

Lucy: "That was the rule! Besides it's your car!"

Chris: "A deal's a deal"

Lucy soaked up her pee stained seat with one of her jackets and sat on it. Chris filled up his car and the two of them continued their journey to the beach...

*008*2022-06-29 15:19

Here is Part 5, Kept you waiting huh?

Chapter 5: The Revelation

Lucy and Chris open the door to their hotel room. Lucy jumps onto the king-sized bed.

Lucy: "Now this is what I call luxury"

Chris: "Only the best for Madame"

Lucy: "Ooh Merci Monsieur!"

The pair unpack their belongings and Lucy heads into the shower. She turns on the warm water and as she starts washing herself she feels a very slight urge to pee. Hesitant at first she decides to try something she's never done before and starts peeing in the shower.

Lucy: "Ahhhh"

She stops peeing and finishes up. She leaves the bathroom with a towel wrapped around her body which arouses Chris.

Chris: "Damn I'm starting to wish I joined you"

Lucy: "You're such a perv! Save the flirting for later buddy"

Chris: "Can't wait. So wanna go down to the beach?"

Lucy: "Nah I was thinking we just chill for a while i'm pretty tired"

Chris: "Really?"

Lucy: "You kidding? Of course I wanna go to the beach!"

Chris: "Haha thought so, OK lets get changed and we'll head off!"

The young couple get changed into their swimsuits and head to the beach

Lucy: "We're here! I haven't been to the beach in so long I missed the smell of the sea air"

Chris: "Yeah I don't see it much either, my work usually keeps me from vacations. But now we got the whole weekend to enjoy it!"

The pair of them set up a picnic blanket on the sand and sunbathe. Lucy's tight blue bikini glows as the sun shines on it. Chris laid next to her topless with his light grey swimming trunks. They turn to each other.

Lucy: "Hello handsome, come here often?"

Chris: "Only to say hello to pretty girls like you"

They share an intimate kiss together. Lucy suddenly slaps the bulge in Chris's shorts.

Chris: "Hey!"

Lucy: "Boner alert!"

Chris: "You know I can't help it!"

Lucy: "I know that's what makes it so hot!"

Chris takes Lucy by the hand towards the sea. They take turns splashing each other.

Lucy: "My Bikini is soaked!"

Chris: "Well duh, it's the sea!"

Chris observes Lucy's chest

Chris: "Looks like i'm not the only one aroused"

Lucy looks down and blushes as she notices that her nipples are clearly visible and poking out from her bikini

Lucy: "Ah! There are kids here! Lets go back to shore"

They make their way back to their spot on the sand

Chris: "Tell you what all that splashing has made me thirsty, fancy a drink?"

Lucy: "Yes please, I'll come with you"

Chris: "No no you stay here and keep our spot i'll get them"

Lucy: "Ok sure, i'll have a Sex on the beach"

Chris looks at her with a cheeky expression

Lucy: "The DRINK Chris"

Chris: "Oh that's a shame"

Lucy: "Get your mind out of the gutter young man!"

Chris: "Coming right up M'lady"

As Chris leaves to get the drinks from the cocktail bar, Lucy lays down on the sand and feels the sun radiating on her skin. Before long Chris returns with two drinks in hand.

Chris: "One Cocktail for the lovely lady?"

Lucy: "Oh thank you kind sir!"

The two of them finish their drinks.

Lucy: "Hey would you mind putting some sun cream on my back? I wanna get a tan"

Chris: "Of course!"

Lucy lies on her back as Chris rubs lotion on her skin.

Lucy: "Ooh that feels good"

Chris: "I'm using all of my willpower not to go lower right now"

Lucy: "That takes some restraint!" I'll have to reward you later"

Chris: "Ugh can't it be later now?"

Lucy: "Haha you wish! I bet you just wanna whip that thing out and fuck me right on this beach huh?"

Chris: "Baby you have no idea"

Lucy: "OK you can do my legs now"

Chris obliges and rubs Lucy's legs as he tries to prevent his bulge growing any bigger.

Lucy: "OK that's great hun, you can stop now"

Chris: "Mind doing me next?"

Lucy: "Sure why not?"

Lucy starts applying cream on Chris's back and soon moves on to his bare chest.

Lucy: "You're enjoying this aren't you?"

Chris: "How can I not? A pretty woman like you rubbing my chest?"

Lucy: "Good I want you to enjoy it"

Lucy finishes and the pair lie down together and sunbathe.

A couple hours pass and the sun begins to set, the two of them decide to leave the beach and head into the town.

Lucy: "Mind if I go to the ladies? I need to pee all of a sudden"

Chris: "Oh I think the bathrooms are closed now, they shut early"

Lucy: "Oh shit not again!"

Chris: "Just go in the sea, nobody would know"

Lucy: "Tempting but I would rather wait to find a bathroom, besides that's just gross, other people are swimming in there!"

Chris: "Suit yourself, lets do some shopping, we'll see if we can find a bathroom there"

The pair wander into the town and enter a souvenir store.

Chris: "Hey Lucy check this out!"

Lucy: "...Hmm?" Lucy is too distracted by her bladder to focus

Chris: "It's one of those Chinese finger traps, wanna try it?"

Lucy: "Oh no I don't think that's a good idea!"

Despite her protests, Chris places the finger trap on her finger as well as his own, the pair are now caught in the trap.

Chris: "Haha now we're stuck!"

Lucy: "What do you mean stuck? Get it off I need to pee!"

Chris: "OK sure one sec"

Chris tries to get the finger trap off but despite his best efforts, the finger trap stays firmly attached to each other. Lucy's need to urinate increases as her anxiety starts to raise. She grabs her bladder with her free hand.

Lucy: "Chris i'm not joking! Get this thing off NOW!"

Chris: "I-i'm trying! It wont budge!"

Lucy is now frantic, her bladder muscles straining from the pressure that is built up inside her, each exertion making her need more desperate.

Lucy: "Chris please I can't hold it anymore!"

Chris: "I'm trying my best!"

Lucy: "Oh fuck!"

As Lucy tries once more to pull herself free from the finger trap, her bladder muscles spasm and a small spurt of pee leaks out from her bikini and splashes onto the ground. She manages to regain composure and keep the rest in.

Chris: "Oh shit"

Lucy: "Chris for fucks sake i'm wetting myself,find something to cut it with!"

Chris grabs a small pocket knife from a shelf and successfully removes the finger trap.

Chris: "Got it! Go pee!"

Before Lucy could even respond she sprinted towards the bathroom in the back of the shop, sweet relief was mere moments away when...

Lucy: "It's fucking locked?!"

The bathroom required a key to open it so with both hands on her crotch she ran back towards the counter and asked for the key.

Lucy: "Do you have the key for the bathroom? I'm absolutely bursting!"

Employee: "Of course I have it right- oh dear where did I put it?"

The employee was an older woman and had lost the key to the bathroom. As she looked for the key Lucy couldn't hold it anymore and her bladder erupted right in front of the clerk.

Lucy: "Ahh!"

Lucy moaned as a torrent of warm pee escaped through her urethra and hissed through her bikini down her legs and onto the floor below. She felt a mixture of both embarrassment and ecstasy as her bladder emptied.

Employee: "Oh my I am so sorry young lady!"

Lucy began to cry as other customers looked at her, including Chris.

Lucy: "I'm sorry I couldn't wait anymore!"

Employee: "Don't you worry about a thing miss! It's my fault I lost the key. I'll go clean this up you just go clean yourself up OK?"

Lucy was grateful that the clerk was so understanding of her situation, perhaps she had a similar experience before. Lucy and Chris walked out of the store and decided to head back to the hotel.

Chris: "Hey are you OK?"

Lucy: "No i'm not! I told you I needed to pee and you still put that finger trap on me!"

Chris: "You're right i'm sorry, I just thought it would be funny"

Lucy: "Well no is laughing Chris!"

The two of them silently walked back to their hotel room and Lucy hopped in the shower for the second time that day. When she finished she got dressed into her pyjamas.

Chris: "Y'know I haven't had a chance to pee all day either and because I hate seeing you upset like this, I think it's only fair I have an accident too"

Chris started peeing in his shorts in front of Lucy in order to make her feel better.

Lucy: "I appreciate the gesture babe, but you didn't have an accident in front of a bunch of strangers, lets just go to bed"

The two of them got into bed and slept. Lucy was too tired and ashamed to have any "fun" tonight.

The next morning Lucy woke up to the smell of Coffee as Chris was making her breakfast.

Chris: "Morning babe! I'm just making you some breakfast"

Lucy: *Yawns* "Sounds good, i'm just gonna go pee first"

Lucy went to the toilet and peed, which just reminded her of yesterday's accident. She was going to go brush her hair when she realized she left it by her bed. Lucy left the bathroom to go find her brush when she saw Chris putting something in her Coffee cup.

Lucy: "What are you doing?!"

Chris recoiled in shock

Chris: "Oh shit you scared me!"

Lucy: "What is that you're putting in my coffee?"

Chris: "Uh y'know just some sugar because you're so sweet!"

Lucy: "You know I don't like sugar, let me see what's in your hand!"

Chris: "No wait!"

Lucy grabbed Chris's hand and what she saw sent shock-waves through her system...

*009*2022-07-11 00:37

Here is the final part of the story! This Chapter contains a detailed sex scene with some BDSM elements

Chapter 6: One Wet Night

Lucy managed to pry Chris's hand open, revealing a small white capsule in his hand

"What the FUCK is this?! Lucy Snapped

"It's not what it looks like!" Chris replied riddled with anxiety

"Oh really cus it looks like you were going to drug me! Were you going to put me to sleep or something you sick fuck?!"

Chris looked puzzled

"What? No!" he replied "It's a diuretic Lucy that's all!"

Chris showed a box of diuretic tablets to Lucy, some of the tablets were missing.

"Well why would you-" a sudden realization hit Lucy like a freight train. She remembered all the times she accepted a drink from Chris, the coffee shop, the cinema, the car journey and the beach, all of her 'accidents' were staged.

"Y-you've been drugging me all this time. All those accidents I had, were because of you?!"

Chris looked down in shame

"Say something Chris!" Why did you put those tablets in my drinks?!" Lucy demanded

"Because I'm into it" Chris spoke softly

"What?" Lucy asked

"I'm into it OK! I have a wetting kink, I get turned on by watching women piss themselves..." Chris replied with an embarrassed look on his face.

"Ever since I first met you and you had that accident in the lift I couldn't stop thinking about it, It was so fucking hot watching you quiver with desperation as you begged for release, and when the flood gates finally opened I almost came in my trousers watching all that pee run down your legs"

Lucy didn't know what to say as she continued listening to him

"After that day I felt something else. I wanted to get to know you better as I sensed a genuine connection between us. I haven't dated in years, all my past partners left when I admitted my fetish to them, I was afraid the same would happen with you so I came up with this stupid plan to get you to have an accident and see if you would enjoy it. It worked way better than I thought at the cafe so I kept doing it again and again I just couldn't get enough."

"Those accidents were really embarrassing for me!" replied Lucy

"I know, and it was never my intention to humiliate you. I wish I didn't get so carried away. I am so sorry Lucy it won't happen again"

Lucy replied "You should have just told me you had a piss kink I'm not a judgemental person, but you don't ever force me into your little game!"

"I know and I'm sorry. Do you forgive me?" Chris asked

"I need some space Chris, I can't process all this right now"

"I understand babe, take all the time you need" said Chris

Lucy left the hotel and headed towards a local park to clear her mind. She sat for a while and fed some birds as she tried to figure out her next move.

She loved everything about Chris but this revelation was too much for her. She got out her phone and looked up information about Chris's strange kink when she stumbled on a phrase called 'Omorashi'. Curious she dug a little deeper and found an article titled "To pee or not to pee: The Men & Women who get aroused by Urinating" In the article the female author describes in great detail about why people around the world share this fetish and that's it's perfectly natural and suprisingly common to have it.

Lucy was amazed by the article and upon reflection realized that she had in fact secretly enjoyed the feeling of wetting herself, but she was still upset that Chris drugged her.

She thought about her own kink 'bondage' and thought how Chris would react to it if she told him. She realized that both of them were scared of opening up to each other about their kinks.

Lucy knew what she had to do...

Chris layed on the bed of the hotel room and watched TV as he looked upset thinking about how he blew it with Lucy, when suddenly the door opened.

"Lucy! I was worried you were gone! Listen I am so sorry for everything I did to you, I really don't want to lose you, you're so amazing and-"

Lucy interrupted him by putting her finger to his lips

"I know" she said "Which is why I want you to listen to me"

"Sure what is it?"

"First things first no more Diuretics!"

"Of course never again!"

"Second we need to be more open with eachother, no more secrets!"

"Absolutely!"

"Now with that being said, I wanna know how you developed your piss kink?"

"Well when I was about 16 I was in a class when I noticed this girl in front of me was was shaking her leg and grabbing herself a lot. She obviously needed a wee but was too shy to ask the teacher to use the toilet. Eventually she found some courage and asked the teacher but as soon as she stood up to leave she was peeing herself uncontrollably and you could hear the pee splash onto the floor. It was very arousing watching her lose control like that. When I got older I discovered Omorashi and decided to wet my pants for the first time and it was soooo satisfying.

"Sounds kinda hot" replied Lucy

"Oh it was" said Chris

"OK since You've been so honest, i'll tell you my kink" said Lucy

"Please do I wont ever judge you" replied Chris

"When I was 13 I was playing Hide & Seek with some friends and I was chasing this boy and ended up pinning him to the ground. I was laying on top of him when I started to get very aroused, I could feel his cock get hard which really turned me on but before anything happened his parents came over to check on him so I quickly got off him. Since then I discovered i had a bondage kink, I love when people get tied up helplessly as the other person rides them like crazy it's such a turn on!"

"So you're into bondage? Wow never would have guessed. That's really hot!" said Chris with a cheeky grin

"So that brings us to rule three, it's not fair you get to indulge in your kink and I don't!"

Suddenly Lucy throws Chris onto the bed and reveals some rope she bought earlier

"Oh god what are you gonna do to me mistress?" Chris asked

"I'm going to make you my bitch" she said as she ties Chris's hands and feet to the bed

Lucy climbs on top of him and with all their clothes still on, begins grinding on his dick

Chris moans with pleasure as she then unzips his fly to get to his stiff cock

"Ahhh fuck!" Chris moaned as she sucks on his shaft

"You wanna cum baby?" Lucy asked

"So badly baby" he replied

"Well that's too bad!" she said and stops sucking his cock

"You don't get to orgasm until I say so!" Lucy said

She takes off her top leaving just the bra on and rubs his dick with her tits

"Fuuuuck it feels too good!" Chris said as he is overwhemed with ecstasy

"You wanna cum on my tits so badly don't you?"

"Oh yes so badly, I think i'm gonna..."

Before he can speak Chris ejaculates onto her firm breasts as a thick layer of cum stains her cute bra

"You little perv!" said Lucy "I told you not to cum! Now I must punish you!" said Lucy as she enacted her revenge plot

She gave Chris a big glass of water and made him drink it all up

"That's a good boy, drink it allll up"

She the showed Chris the box of diuretics

"Oh god you wouldn't?" he said

"What?" replied Lucy "I'm just returning the favour!"

Lucy spends an hour teasing Chris and giving him more water to drink to fill his bladder

"Babe please stop my bladder is about to burst!"

"I guess you'll just have to hold it for me, you dont wanna ruin your lovely chinos do you?"

Lucy turned the bathroom tap on and started to fill the sink, the sound of running water sent Chris delirious

"Oh fuck please I can't hold it!" Chris pleaded as he started to leak in his pants

"You're peeing your pants!" Lucy sang as she pressed and grinded on his bladder.

"Fuuuck" said Chris as he reached the limit and being unable to hold himself began soaking his chinos and filling the bed with piss.

He shivered as jets of warm urine escaped his throbbing cock.

"Oh god it's so good!" He sighed as the wetting stopped

"My my what a naughty boy!" said Lucy "Don't you know grown ups don't have accidents?"

"I'm so sorry Mistress I was absolutely bursting!"

"Im afraid i'll have to punish you once more, and watching you relieve yourself has made me need to pee too..." Lucy teased with a menacing grin

She takes off her shorts revealing her pink underwear and stands above Chris. She removes her panties exposing her tight pussy

"Drink up for me baby!" and without hesitation begins peeing on Chris's face

"Ahhhhh" Lucy sighed as she emptied her massive bladder

"This feels so much better, i've been holding it all afternoon for you"

Chris gagged as tried to swallow every last drop of urine

"Your pee is so good Mistress!" exclaimed Chris

Lucy finished peeing and untied Chris

"How was that?" asked Lucy

"Fucking incredible!" Said Chris "I had no idea you were so hardcore?"

"I'm full of suprises!" said Lucy "I've never got to do that to anyone before"

"So what do you think of Omorashi now?"asked Chris

"...I like it!" replied Lucy "OK fine I really fucking like it"

"I'm so glad" said Chris "How about we get changed and call it a night?"

"Sounds good to me" replied Lucy and they shared a hot bath together. They leave the tub and get ready for bed

"You ready for round two?" Lucy asked

"Always" replied Chris and they fucked each other through the night, both parties experiencing multiple earth shattering orgasms.

Morning came as quickly as they did and the happy couple woke up to head home

"We didn't get too much sleep did we?" asked Lucy

"I imagine our neighbors didn't sleep much either!" joked Chris

"Oh god you're right how embarrassing!" laughed Lucy

The two of them packed their things and prepared to leave

"One sec!" said Chris "We won't be needing these anymore!" and he threw the rest of the diuretics in the bin as the pair headed home.

THE END

