(Futanari) Locked jeans

Author: Ankonia

*000*2022-01-26 20:23

Warning- this tale contains Futanari, rewetting and loop. I Hope you enjoy.

Prologue

Daphne was a Futanari, with big breasts and a big beautiful round ass. She had a fairly large penis that made her look good through her pants, with her beautiful face and short black hair she was the envy of many girls.

She had long been passionate about omorashi, watched videos of girls pissing on each other every day, and read pee stories.

When he wasn't going to work, he liked to pee in his pants in the bathtub (so as not to get dirty in the house) more than once a day. She liked it a lot, and every day she couldn't wait to go home to do it again.

DAY 1: PART 1

One evening while she was at home, she read a story about a girl who voluntarily held her urine for hours and hours because it made her aroused. Daphne had never experienced such a thing, and for her it was a new Omorashi experience that made her curious.

Trying this new experience at home, having the bathroom available, was too trivial and he decided that he will do it in public, in a shopping center. Since he had to go to work in the afternoon the next day, that would have been perfect.

The next morning, awakened by the bright summer sun, she got ready to go to the mall. She wore a black baggy top with black pantyhose and blue high-waisted tight denim shorts over it, which made Daphne's ass even bigger and rounder as well as highlighting the size of the penis in the front.

To make the experience more exciting, I wear a belt and lock it with a padlock to make it more exciting. He had plans to stay there all morning and then go home where the key was to unlock the lock and go to the bathroom.

Before leaving, he drank a long coffee and left the keys to the padlock at the entrance. After 30 minutes by car she had arrived at the mall and I started to do some shopping. As she saw the clothes she sipped a coke that she bought as soon as she arrived.

Almost two hours passed and Daphne began to feel a little need for the bathroom. She didn't pay much attention to it at the moment because she was busy with some clothes. After an hour, the urge to piss increased significantly, causing the Futanari's legs to move slightly back and forth.

Daphne's heart was pounding with emotion, she couldn't believe she was doing such a thing in public. All those liquids were making the situation worse minute by minute.

It had been 4 hours since Daphne had her last pee, and she was jumping on one foot and the other as she paid for her new clothes. After leaving the shop I look at my watch and it was lunchtime so they walk towards the Mac Donald.

I order an extra large coke with a sandwich and some salad. After ten minutes his order was ready, while he ate the sandwich he had his legs tightly together with one hand gripping his penis.

While drinking Coca-Cola, a splash of pee dipped into her panties making Daphne's heart beat wildly. Futanari didn't want to have an accident in a restaurant in front of tons of unknown people and be made fun of, so she decided to quickly finish her meal and run home.

While taking the last sip of coca-cola, another splash of pee comes out completely wetting her panties, the Futa quickly got up from the table and with both hands on her penis cross-legged walks towards the parking lot.

He had to walk the entire mall to get to his parking lot, and every step was torture on his bladder. Halfway through the journey I begin to lose drops with every step and a dark blue spot begins to slowly enlarge on the zip of my short jeans.

He knew he couldn't get home dry but at least he wanted to get wet behind the car. The stain got bigger with every step and people began to notice it.

Leaving the shopping center, we begin to walk towards the car when the pee begins to come out with a strong and long river that in less than a second bath the pantyhose and the front of the jeans. All the people passing by started laughing taking photos and videos.

The only thing Daphne could do was stand still while a warm stream bathed her legs and member. His face was completely red with both shame and excitement. After 2 minutes of peeing a large lake had formed under his feet and as soon as the pee finished coming out they walked towards the car.

WARNING: THIS PART CONTAINS POOP.

Arriving at the car just as she was opening the door, a pain in the stomach caused by the sandwich gives her the urge to shit. Since she was already covered in pee, a little poop wouldn't change that.

He squatted behind the car and after 5 seconds of liquid poop I began to fill my jeans dripping to the ground. As soon as he finished, he got up and quickly wiped his ass with handkerchiefs, put a plastic bag on the seat of the new spot and headed home.

Continue

*001*2022-01-27 21:34

DAY 1 :PART 2

While she was in the car, Daphne could feel her blistering as fast as she never did before, both from the coke she drank at lunch because her bladder muscles had weakened.

Now, he absolutely didn't want to get his jeans wet because if he did it would dirty the whole new car, so he just had to hold it back. There were only 5 minutes left and not poor to do is move the legs up and down and squeeze them together, while the men were behind the wheel.

He knew that if he waited just another two minutes he would flood the car. So thinking quickly he opted to make two small voluntary leaks to relieve the pressure and not dirty the car.

I let out some pee which instead of two drops were two strong sprays. I look at his jeans and only noticed a small spot on the zip. Even if it would have gone out a little more there was the plastic bag that would have avoided getting dirty.

Finally out of the house, she quickly got out of the bush and opened the door of the house. Entering the house, she quickly took the keys to the lock and headed quickly to the bathroom.

I put the keys in the lock of the padlock that blocked the belt of the jeans, turn and ... IT WON'T OPEN! I try to turn and turn the key but the lock was stuck. in a panic I quickly entered the tub and let out all the pee he was holding.

He immediately got out of the tub and dried his legs and jeans with the hairdryer so as not to drip around the house, went to the bedroom and looked in the mirror.

On the front of the jeans you could clearly see two large spots of pee covering almost the entire area, on the back of the jeans you could see a slight bulge in the middle of the buttocks accompanied by two small brown spots. On the pantyhose, on the other hand, pee was not very noticeable.

She couldn't go to work in these conditions, so she decided to wear a loose black short skirt that matched her jeans perfectly. He took off his large shirt and put on the black and white work shirt, where the shop where he worked was written in the upper right corner.

Before leaving, she also took the keys to the lock because her best friend Taylor worked with her who could possibly fix this mess. I got into the car and headed for the shop.

Continue

If you have any idea how to continue the story write it in the comments.

*002*2022-01-29 08:18

DAY 1:PART 3

Daphne manages to get to work just in time. Daphne had been working in a small computer / video game store for a few months. Recently, her best friend Taylor came to work with her.

Taylor was a year younger than Daphne and she was also Futanari with long brown hair. He had boobs that were half the size of Daphne and he had a small but nice round butt, and he had a penis that was a few inches smaller than Daphne.

Taylor wasn't an Omorashi lover, but she knew full well that her best friend Daphne loved pissing herself and often teased her about it.

Entering the shop, Daphne immediately sees her friend who was behind the counter. Approaching her she notices that today she was wearing, in addition to her work shirt, a pair of tight khaki shorts, which if you looked closely you could see the penis in the front.

Taylor starts talking: "Hi Daphne, how's my piss underneath?" Daphne replies: "Hi Taylor ... I made a mess this morning, I'll show you as soon as there's nobody in the shop". Taylor smiles and they begin to work.

Today, Daphne and Taylor's shift was 8 hours, and Daphne was worrying about how she was going to pee. Time passed very quickly and Daphne occasionally hydrated herself as she talked a lot with clients. Two hours passed and Daphne was starting to feel the urge to piss.

She still couldn't get help from her friend Taylor because people couldn't stop coming in. Almost two more hours passed and Daphne could no longer stand still with her legs. After drinking two 500ml bottles of water, she was about to burst, just as the last customer in the store walks out, a squirt of pee makes her panties wet.

He immediately runs to Taylor and tells him: "Taylor, come right into the warehouse with me!" Taylor replied as she was crossing her legs frantically: "Okay Daphne, but hurry up I have to run to the bathroom."

Once they both enter the warehouse Daphne starts talking: "Taylor, this morning I wanted to try a new Omorashi experience but I screwed up!". Taylor didn't understand at first, but as soon as Daphne lifts her skirt she is stunned and realizes what mess she was referring to.

Daphne then continues to talk: "the lock won't open anymore, please try it yourself and immediately make me piss ..." Taylor didn't say a word, from the face and the movements of the legs it seemed that she too was desperate, she took the keys and I begin to try to open the lock. Taylor turned and turned the key but it wouldn't open.

Daphne said: "Hurry up!" Daphne was starting to take leaks every 2 seconds, and a small spot on the zipper of her jeans began to enlarge. As Taylor saw that patch of pee grow slowly, she became aroused and this caused her to leak. You could clearly see Taylor's penis harden through his shorts and you could see a small spot on its tip.

Taylor couldn't get the lock open, and before Daphne started pissing on the floor she yells, "Run to the bathroom and sit on the toilet before I start pissing around the shop." Daphne immediately runs into the bathroom as she continues to lose splashes of pee, lifts her skirt and sits on the toilet. A long river of pee wet her short jeans again, reaching her ass and then dripping down the toilet.

After two minutes, she finishes pissing, gets up from the toilet and quickly wipes her jeans with a few handkerchiefs, then covers it with her black skirt. Opening the bathroom door he saw Taylor with an angry face and legs tightly together, hands between. On his shorts you could clearly see his upturned penis with a spot on the tip the size of a ping pong ball.

Taylor immediately runs into the bathroom, now available, and closes the door behind her. After 5 minutes he comes out of the bathroom and says to Daphne: "Thanks, we just missed you making me piss in your shorts!" Daphne immediately replied: "sorry I didn't want to, but I was about to burst too". Taylor smiled back: "Okay, anyway I think you'll have to get used to getting wet in your short jeans." Daphne nods and they both get back to work.

There were still 4 hours of work left and Daphne already knew she wouldn't go home without getting wet again.

Continue

*003*2022-01-30 14:08

DAY 1:PART 4

The hours passed and the two Futanari continued to work as usual. Taylor remained behind the counter constantly because of that pee stain on his khaki shorts.

Time passed and customers came and went constantly. 3 hours went by and Daphne had become super desperate again. Since there were no customers in the shop, he took the opportunity to go to the bathroom.

Arriving in front of the bathroom door, she turns the handle but the door does not open. From behind her comes Taylor saying, "I'm sorry but I think you will have to hold her for a while longer", while showing the keys to the bathroom. Daphne didn't even have time to respond when a new customer walks into the shop.

Taylor smiled, "Look Daphne, a new customer has come in! Go help him." Before leaving, Daphne said, "You'll pay me this, Taylor." The customer goes to the console shelves and Daphne joins him cross-legged.

The client was undecided as to which consul to take for his son. Daphne begins to illustrate all the characteristics of the two consoles, while she kept her legs crossed and a hand tightened on the penis. The customer was still deciding and Daphne was about to piss in the shop right in front of him.

Suddenly a spray came out and soon another one, Daphne was starting to lose pee. The customer finally makes up his mind and they both go to the cashier. While the client was paying a faint stream of pee slowly came out of the penis slowly wetting the short jeans and pantyhose.

Finally the customer leaves, the little trickle kept coming out and a small puddle of pee had formed behind the counter. But there is still a lot of pee in Daphne's bladder. He goes to Taylor and takes the bathroom keys, opens the door, finally sits on the water, wetting his jeans again.

After another hour his shift finally ends, says goodbye to Taylor, and goes home. Once she gets home she takes off her work shirt and short black skirt, wearing only short jeans with pantyhose underneath and a gray bra.

We eat two pieces of pizza left over from the other day, and drink an orange soda while watching television. Being tired after this long day, she immediately goes to bed without peeing before going to sleep.

Continue

*004*2022-01-31 18:37

DAY 2:PART 1

Daphne is in her new white spot, in the middle of a highway. He didn't know how it got in there, but after five seconds the urge to piss goes from zero to a thousand. Suddenly he had to piss urgently.

He continued to travel when a strong squirt of pee came out of the tip of his penis. I look down, he was wearing very tight pink leggings, which showed every detail of his penis through them.

A stain of pee had formed on his member, he had to make sure not to let it out again so as not to dirty the white seat with the stain. After less than 5 seconds, another leak increases the size of the stain.

He was trying to resist as long as possible but the pee began to come out in spasms. I look down and saw that the pee was slipping from the penis and was starting to dirty the seat.

It had to be a nightmare. Quickly pulls up the car, jumps from the now stained seat, goes behind the car, and quickly lowers the leggings and panties.

He began to piss with full force for minutes, but something was wrong, he was there pissing for 2 minutes but the pee did not stop coming out, and another strange thing, despite having lowered his leggings and panties, he had the feeling that he he was pissing in his jeans.

Suddenly he wakes up in bed, it was all a dream. She looks at the mattress on the bed, and notices a large yellow stain on the white sheets rediscovering the area around her wet short jeans. She had been rigorously wet in bed, she hadn't done this since she was 12, she felt like a child.

WARNING - THIS PART CONTAINS POOP

As soon as she gets out of bed, a strong urge to shit, caused by the pizza the night before, hits Daphne. The only thing he could do was let it all out. He just gave a gentle push and large chunks of hot poop puffed up the back of his jeans.

As soon as he has let everything out, and after having made two splashes of pee at the end, he goes into the kitchen to have breakfast.

Continue

*005*2022-02-09 20:41

DAY 2:PART 2

Daphne came into the kitchen, grabs some cereal and two glasses of fruit juice and sits down at the table to eat. As she ate, she couldn't help but feel the stench of pee and poop emanating from her short jeans, which made her horny. Since the shop was closed today, he had all day to do what he wanted.

As it was a beautiful day outside, it was a perfect day for a walk in the park. She wore a short white t-short with a short gray skirt (to hide the short jeans) and set off on foot to go to the park. Arrived after 10 minutes, I enter the huge park of her city, and I begin to take a tour while enjoying the day.

All the people who passed her were stunned and disgusted by the strong smell of poop and piss that emanated from Daphne. After she got to the center of the park, she saw a small coffee pot and Daphne took advantage of it to have a nice long coffee. He sat down on a bench and stayed there for a long time while he was with the phone.

While he was playing with the phone, he felt his bladder fill quickly from all the liquids he had drunk before. Due to the constant wetting in the jeans that Daphne had, her bladder was very weak and therefore she had less resistance in holding her pee.

After more than an hour of being on the phone, her bladder was completely full, and Daphne quickly gets up to go to the bathroom. He could get his short jeans back where he was, but he was afraid and ashamed that someone would take some videos or photos of him as happened at the mall. The bathroom in the park was close enough and we started to reach it.

On the way she had a squirt that wet her panties again, which made her put both hands on her skirt to keep the penis. Finally arrived near public toilets, after suffering another loss, she approached the restrooms reserved for women and reads a sign "Broken bathroom", she could not believe it.

He was starting to make small spasms of pee when the idea came to him to do it in the boys' bathroom. He rushed into the men's bathroom, which was opposite the women's one, enters and all the rooms with the toilets were blocked. There were only urinals available. As the pee was starting to run down her pantyhose, she quickly placed the front of her short jeans into the urinal and let it all out.

Some of the urine went into the urinal and the other ran down her legs, forming a small pond under her feet. All the people in the bathroom were speechless to see the desperate Futanari get wet in that ridiculous way. After he is done, he quickly runs out of the toilets as he blushed with shame. It was time to go home, out of the park, the Futanari sees a peddler of hot dogs, approaches and takes one, then starts to go home.

Continue

*006*2022-02-14 16:58

DAY 2:PART 3

Daphne finally comes home from the park. She takes off her gray skirt, drinks a bottle of water and sits down on the sofa. The sofa was a two seater and was a light brown cotton, he had just bought it and still had the guarantee to change it if what happened. Seeing that a new video game was out, Daphne turned on the console and began playing.

It was a western game and Daphne was enjoying it a lot. I start playing for two hours when I begin to feel a slight need to piss, at the moment I don't care about diets but the more he played the more uncomfortable and annoying it became. He absolutely did not want to stop playing, and I begin to think what to do. If he goes to the bathroom and gets wet on the toilet, then when he gets back on the couch he'll stain him with piss. So he might as well get wet on the sofa.

I release the muscles in my bladder and after less than a second, a long stream of piss bathes my jeans and her ass again, and then pours onto the floor. A small yellow pond of pee had formed between Daphne's legs, and the Futanari-like feeling of having her hot ass aroused her.

WARNING - THIS PART CONTAINS POOP

He continued playing for another 2 hours, and every time he felt his bladder fill slightly, he would get his short jeans wet again. As he continued to play, he felt the urge to shit caused by the breakfast and the hot dog he had eaten earlier. Didn't think twice and I begin to shove all the hot shit out of my ass filling the back of my jeans even more.

After another hour he got tired of playing, turned off the console and got up from the sofa. Now half of the sofa had large dark brown piss marks. It was still early for dinner and he began to think about what he should do. When he came up with the idea of calling his best friend Taylor to have a pizza with Daphne's house.

