The Ski Lift Attendant

Author: Ariose Toast

*000*2019-09-24 17:26

Sophie sat in her chair at the top of the chairlift, watching the empty chairs climb to the top and circle back down again. It wasn't exactly the most exciting job, but for legal reasons they had to have someone up there at any given time. And it was Sophie's turn to take the shift today. Basically all she had to do was radio down to the base if anything went wrong with the lift, which literally never happened.

Not to mention that it was the early morning shift in the middle of summer, so it was even more dead than usual. Sophie brought a coffee up with her just to keep herself awake. At least in the winter there'd be snow to shovel. But she was getting paid to do pretty much nothing, so she couldn't really complain.

All in all, it wasn't a bad setup. The only problem was the lack of access to the facilities during her three hour shift. Once she finished her coffee, she would almost certainly need a bathroom break sooner rather than later. Luckily for her, one of her co-workers had showed her a secret little spot nearby hidden behind some bushes where you would be totally invisible to the public in case of an "absolute emergency."

Though with the frequency Sophie used it, they were less "emergencies" as they were "regular bathroom breaks." Nearly every morning shift she took full advantage of her secret toilet. Every once in a while, just one trip wasn't even enough to comfortable make it through her shift (usually on days when she sucked down an extra large coffee I stead of her normal medium).

She wasn't really supposed to leave the lift unattended like that, even if it was only for a minute or two. But what was she gonna do? Wet herself? It's not like anyone would notice she was gone.

Though recently, Sophie had been trying to train her bladder so she could hold longer until she could last the whole three hours (whether it was to be a good employee, or just for fun, she wasn't sure).

Today, her goal was to try and hold it up to the two hour mark. It wasn't going too well, though. It was only an hour in and she already really had to go. It was kind of her fault though, since she had forgot to pee before starting her shift, so it had been almost three hours since she used the toilet after getting up this morning. That wouldn't have been too bad on it's own, but she had also already sucked down almost her entire coffee, and her nearly empty cup stood in front of her almost tauntingly. She wasn't going to give up just yet though, even if she normally would have gone quite a while ago.

But with all that coffee rushing through her system, Sophie's resolve only lasted barely another 15 minutes. Her poor bladder felt just about ready to explode all over her chair. If she didnt go now, Sophie worried she was about to make a mess right where she sat.

She gingerly got up, ready to sneak over to her secret pee place, when out of the corner of her eye, she noticed her manager, Veronica, riding up the otherwise empty lift. That was close. If she had been caught abandoning her post, she definitely would have been punished, or could even have lost her job. But her bladder was still at its breaking point, and Sophie didn't know how much longer she could delay relief.

Veronica made it to the top of the lift and hopped off as they exchanged greetings. As she approached, Veronica asked "Are you okay Sophie? You look a little ... on edge today."

"Yeah, I'm fine," Sophie lied. But in reality, her bladder was dying for a release as she tried not to wet herself in front of her boss. Sophie sat and crossed her legs as tight as she could, as Veronica began updating her on some changes they were making to procedures around the lift.

The thing with Veronica is, she liked to talk. Like, a lot. This could have easily been a 5 minute conversation, but Veronica went on for easily 20 minutes, Sophie leaking slowly into her panties the entire time. At this point she was paying zero attention to her manager, completely focused on not losing control full stop. She just nodded every once in a while, pretending to be listening as she clenched her muscles as tightly as she could.

Finally, Veronica's monologue came to an end as she began to shift around impatiently. "Well, I'd love to talk to you more, but I had a ton of coffee this morning and well, that stuff goes right through me! I have no idea how you guys last so long up here without a bathroom. I'd probably have to take a break in the woods!" Veronica joked, looking directly at Sophie's now empty cup of coffee.

Sophie could just manage to fake a laugh as Veronica got back on the lift back down to the main resort to find a toilet.

The second she was gone, Sophie had one thing on her mind. She had already leaked so much, the wetness glistening on her chair and the back of her jeans as she got up. Losing all that liquid hadn't helped her need in the slightest though. As she got up, she lost a big spurt into her pants, on the brink of soaking herself. There was no time to run to her normal hiding spot now.

She did the only thing she could, yanking down her pants right there. Whatever control she had left was gone, her stream splattering onto the cold metal floor as her body shuddered with relief. Pissing had never felt this good, and Sophie made no effort to control the torrent gushing out of her and splashing everywhere. She didnt care if anyone saw her bent over, making a huge mess. She just had to let go.

As the intensity finally passed its peak, Sophie sighed as her bladder began to slow down its assault. She had only needed to go that bad maybe once in her life before. Finally her stream slowed down to a trickle, as she took in a long, deep breath. God, it felt so good to finally relax her now empty bladder.

But looking around, Sophie there was a wet spot on her chair, and the floor around her was covered in her pee. Not to mention the obvious wet spot in the crotch of her jeans. She had some cleaning up to do before anyone saw the mess she had just made.

