An alien learns to hold her pee

Author: A weird mind

*000*2023-01-11 07:35

A science fiction story about an alien learning about how the world works. Feel free to comment or add to the story.

On the distant planet of Omorax, there was an alien named Zara, who had just materialised.

On this planet, the Omoraxians as they were known, did not get born from their mothers like on Earth, but they materialised into life using a process of matter integration.

This meant that they entered life with a body looking similar to but not quite the same as a human of about 18 to 20 years old, but as you might expect their internal organs were arranged somewhat differently.

They materialised having just a little knowledge of how the world worked, which even though not very much , they had an intense curiosity to learn about themselves and their surroundings.

Speaking of the materialisation process, there were a few genders that existed, similar to humans.

Zara was similar to, but of course not exactly like what humans might describe as a human female, so while not completely accurate and the differences too complicated for the human mind to comprehend, for the sake of simplicity and to be able to tell this story before the heat death of the universe, we will call Zara a “her” and describe her as a “she”. (*)

(*) Humans have a difficult time understanding the genders on their own planet, so the likelihood of humans being able to understand the Omoraxian’s genders is somewhere in the region of Nil Squared.

This was only the first day of her materialisation, and she was out on a long walk, learning about how these things called legs work for short distance transport, she began to feel a strange sensation just above the part of her body where her legs joined together.

She found this sensation intriguing but not too unpleasant, wanting to know what it was.

She made an interbrain communication to the help desk for the Newly Integrated to get some advice.

It was explained to her that the Omoraxian body slowly but continuously produced a liquid waste product called Exorion which gets stored in her Exorionic chamber until she was able to Perform an Exorionate Elimination. (Often called PEE for short)

She was warned though that it was forbidden to pee anywhere except at home or at an authorised location known as an Exorionate Excretion Facility, where she must claim a receipt. (**)

(**) The correct paperwork to request is the “Private Interplanetary Storage System” receipt, which by law must be taken with you when you leave.

If you are a visitor and unfamiliar with the rules may be asked, “Are you taking the PISS?” to remind you.

She was told that her Uxorionic chamber had a limited capacity and she would need to concentrate on keeping the chamber from emptying itself, especially when it was close to its maximum containment specification.

As she had been walking for a long time, there was nowhere close by where she could pee.

The problem was that her Uxorionic chamber was starting to fill up more and because this was the first time she had to deal with this, she did not actually know what the maximum capacity of her Uxoronic chamber was.

Zara decided that this would be a good learning opportunity to find out what her own capacity was and to find a way to increase it.

After a while Zara found that she did indeed need to concentrate to keep her Uxorionic chamber under control.

The feeling of needing to pee became stronger and stronger.

She refused to give in. She told herself that if she could prevent doing a pee that she would be stronger and more in control of her body.

However, as the minutes ticked by, the pressure in her Uxoronic chamber grew more intense and she began to doubt her decision. Her legs felt wobbly and her stomach ached, but she refused to give up.

Zara finally made it back to her home after her long hike, but she was still in urgent need to pee. She had wanted to pee for so long that she felt like she couldn't stop it from happening much longer.

As soon as she got home, she ran to her Elimination Room, tense with anticipation. She frantically pulled down her pants and knickers and sat down on the Elimination seat. (Yes, some aliens do wear knickers!)

As Zara sat there, she decided not to pee for as long as possible. She had made up her mind that she wanted to push herself to see how long she could keep control of her Uxorionic chamber.

She pulled her knickers back up, determined not to let any of her Exorion fluids escape from her Uxoronic chamber.

She sat down on the elimination seat and took a deep breath. She focused on trying to distract herself by thinking of something else. As she sat there, she could feel her Uxorionic chamber expanding like a balloon, pushing against the walls of her body.

It was uncomfortable, but she refused to give in. She kept telling herself that she was strong, and she could do this.

However, as the minutes ticked by, the pressure grew more intense. Her lower back began to ache and she could feel sweat beading on her forehead. Her body was starting to feel weak and she had trouble standing up.

Despite all this, she refused to give up. She wanted to prove to herself that she could control her fluids for as long as possible, and she wouldn't let her body dictate her willpower.

Despite the overwhelming urge to pee, Zara was still determined to hold her fluids in. She concentrated as hard as she could to keep control of her Uxorionic chamber, willing herself to push through the discomfort.

As she sat there, she could feel her Uxorionic chamber becoming fuller and fuller, stretching and straining against her skin. The pressure was almost unbearable, and her entire body was tense with strain.

She tried to distract herself by thinking of other things, but the intense sensation of fullness in her Uxorionic chamber was always at the forefront of her mind.

Minutes turned into hours and Zara was still sitting on the elimination seat determined to not to pee. Her body was begging her to give in but her determination kept her going.

As the hours passed, the pain and discomfort became almost unbearable. Her head was pounding, her back ached and she was lightheaded from the effort.

As Zara sat on the Elimination Seat, tears streaming down her face because of the great pain she was in, something strange happened. She felt her body begin to shrink and contort, until she was no longer an alien, but an Eighteen-year-old human girl.

She was disoriented and confused, and it took her a moment to realize that she was no longer an alien on her home planet, but a young girl in university, sat on the toilet.

She was already having a wee which she finished and quickly pulled up her pants, and looked around in confusion. She had no idea how she had gotten there or how long she had been there.

She walked out of the toilets and found herself in a hallway filled with university students of her own age, all chattering and laughing as they walked to their classrooms.

The girl, who was not sure what her name was now, still trying to understand what had happened, made her way to the principal's office and explained the situation to him. He listened patiently and offered to call her parents.

When her parents arrived, she was finally able to understand what had happened.

She really was human and had been in a deep cryogenic sleep since she was 6 years old where her parents’ space transport had crash landed and she was the sole survivor.

Eventually she she was found by humans on a rescue mission who brought her back to Earth where she was taken good care of until it was safe to reanimate her once she became an adult.

She was overwhelmed by her new surroundings, the new culture and the fact that she had missed so much of her life. She was determined to make the best of it and to learn all she could about this new world.

As she adapted to her new life on Earth, she started to notice familiar sensations returning. She was watching documentaries on TV when she realized that she had the urge to relieve herself.

She tried to hold it in like she had before, but the feeling was too intense. She started to feel a growing sense of desperation.

She ran as quickly as she could to the toilet and was relieved that she had got there in time. She opened the toilet door and went inside, ready to use the toilet.

She knew she couldn't hold it in any longer. She tried to pull her pants down but found that the zip was stuck, as she tried to pull the zip down, she could not hold on any longer and the pee started coming out into her knickers and she felt the pee running down her legs and making a puddle on the toilet floor.

Crying, she realised that she did not like wetting her knickers and decided that she needed more practice at holding her pee when she could not get to the toilet.

