Ashley's Double Desperation

Author: Anonymus123

*000*2023-10-18 14:45

Ashley is a 24-year-old who works as a secretary in a large company. He usually leaves work at six or seven o'clock at night, but this time he had to work some overtime, and ended up leaving almost at ten o'clock at night.

Ashley's workplace isn't that far from the small apartment she lives in, so she almost always walks back.

Ashley had needed to use the restroom, but sadly the restrooms on site were out of order for that day, and probably for a few more days. And nearby places with public restrooms had already closed when Ashley felt the urge. And to make matters worse, Ashley needed to pee and shit.

When Ashley left her workplace, she walked quickly home. It took her about twenty minutes to get home, but if she hurried she could get there sooner. As she walked, Ashley could feel her bladder fill up quickly, to the point that the pressure was almost unbearable. With every step she took, she felt a twinge of pain in her lower stomach.

Ashley tried to ignore her desperation as much as she could, as she needed to focus on the road. At that hour, Ashley could easily be mugged and the last thing she needed at that moment was for someone to stand in her way.

She was halfway there when she felt it, the first stream of urine had seeped into her panties. Ashley stopped abruptly and tried to slow him down. Fortunately for her, she managed to prevent any more urine from coming out, but she didn't know how long she was going to hold on, so she decided to put a hand to her crotch as a desperate way to hold the urine.

Ashley continued walking with her thighs together, and a visible grimace of despair on her face. She didn't know how long she was going to hold out before all her urine was released, but she was willing to buy time.

Not even five minutes passed when another stream of urine came out uncontrollably. It took Ashley longer to react and stop the jet, which had certainly done more damage than the previous one. Ashley felt her panties were very wet, and that made her very uncomfortable.

Unfortunately for her, she felt that, despite having stopped the stream of urine, the floodgates had been left half-open. Ashley felt like crying. She was still almost halfway to her apartment, and she felt like she couldn't take it anymore.

Ashley tried to keep walking, but stopped abruptly at a different sensation. It wasn't a spasm, or another stream of urine. Ashley had been so intent on holding back her urine that she had forgotten about her other need, and it wasn't until she felt the strong urge to fart that she remembered.

"Why does this only happen to me?" thought Ashley.

Ashley was only able to take a couple of steps before stopping again. The pressure in her bladder and anus was horrible. Ashley needed to release either of them, or she would end up having a fatal accident before she got to her apartment.

After giving some thought to her options, Ashley opted to release the pressure on her anus. After all, they were just farts, and releasing them would help relieve the pressure.

Ashley relaxed her anus a bit, taking care not to relax her bladder, to allow the farts to come out. She didn't even have to push them out, the moment she relaxed, several wet and bubbly farts came out of her butt. Ashley felt more relieved after that.

After that slight relief, Ashley hurried back to her apartment. She knew that those farts were nothing more than a warning of all that awaited her, and if she didn't want to ruin her panties, more than they already were, she had to hurry.

After a long, agonizing walk, Ashley had reached her street. She had managed to get there without major accidents, sure, a few drops of urine had leaked out, and several farts had escaped, but nothing worse than that.

Maybe it was the joy of knowing she was nearby, but the moment Ashley visualized her building, a third stream of urine leaked out. It took Ashley about ten seconds to stop the jet. Since his hand was on her crotch, she could feel the damage the jet had caused. Her panties, which were cold before, were hot again and much wetter than before. Ashley didn't even dare to look down, she knew she had left a small puddle of urine on the floor. Ashley hurried into the building and tried to get there without further incident.

But before she opened the front door, Ashley felt a pressure against her anus again.

"Maybe it's just another fart" Ashley though while relaxing her butt.

But contrary to what Ashley thought, that wasn't a fart, and she realized it too late. A semi-solid log made its way through Ashley's anus, touching the fabric of her panties. When she felt something semi-solid coming out of her, he hurriedly squeezed her buttocks.

She immediately took the keys out of her purse and struggled to get the key into the lock. Ashley writhed uncontrollably in place as she felt like she was slowly losing the battle.

When he finally got the key in, she opened the door, closed it with his foot, and brought her other hand to her anus. She didn't even bother to go to the elevator, but instead ran up the stairs and climbed up as fast as her exhausted body would allow. She lived on the third floor, so it would be a waste of time to wait for the elevator.

Ashley ran to her apartment, but stopped right in front of the door. He needed at least one of his hands to get the keys out and open the door, but that meant risking an accident on either side. Ashley "danced" instead, trying to decide which part to let go. But after a couple of seconds, she opted to let go of her bladder, anyway her panties were already wet, and she didn't want to finish ruining them.

Ashley removed her hand from her bladder, took the keys, and inserted them into the lock. It wasn't a surprise to Ashley when the moment she let go of her bladder, a stream of hot urine came out forcefully, but there was nothing she could do about it.

She went into her apartment and closed the door. She didn't bother to take off her shoes, nor did she run straight to the bathroom, while leaving a trail of urine, and she felt her poop slowly sliding out of her anus, and curling up in her panties.

Unfortunately for her, when she was in the middle of the hall her anus finally gave way, and he let all the poop accumulated in his intestines come out uncontrollably. Knowing she had lost the battle, Ashley made her way to the bathroom.

When she got to the bathroom, her panties still felt warm in the front and her bladder finally felt empty. On the other hand, she felt a wet, sticky mass on the back of her panties. And she could feel it coming out a little bit more.

Ashley didn't even take off her panties, she just let her bowels finish emptying. However, Ashley's poop was too much for her panties to hold all of, and it ended up seeping into the floor.

When it was all over, and Ashley felt empty on both sides, she allowed herself to cry. She was crying with embarrassment. The last time she had had such an accident was in her second year of elementary school. Since then, she hadn't an accident of that magnitude.

After lamenting her misfortune, Ashley took off her panties and threw them in the trash. After that, he took off his clothes and got into the shower to take a bath. Then she would clean up the mess she left on the floor of the bathroom, the hallway, and the living room.

