Ry’s long drive

Author: Alex62

*000*2019-10-30 19:15

Ry was having the best day ever but he also had horrible luck. So when he saw the traffic up ahead he wasn't shocked at all and of course he had to pee. He wasn’t to worried after all he was sure he could hold it. His mom, the driver, said “looks like we will be here a while”.

It turns out the traffic was worse then they thought. Out of the 20 minutes he was stuck they barley moved at all and his need to pee got worse and worse. Ry found that somehow his hand found its way to his dick and he was now holding himself.

With his luck of course his mom saw this and said “honey do you have to pee”? Embarrassed he replied “I do, but I can make it” but he wasn’t so sure if he could. Hearing this his mom turned away to focus back on the traffic but kept an eye on him.

She noticed he took his hand away and crossed his legs. Seeing this worried her because Ry never sat like that unless he really had to pee.

With his legs now crossed Ry was trying so hard not to pee himself. He couldn’t pee himself on his best day ever and epically in his moms car at 19. He felt pee leak out into his briefs. When this happened he uncrossed his legs and started to hold himself again

He was wearing blue gym shorts so he knew if he had an accident his mom would for sure see. “Mom I know I said I could hold it but now I’m not so sure”. She took a look over at him and saw that he was not kidding, his legs where tightly pursued together and he was holding himself. She knew he was not going to make it but said “honey just try to hold it the traffic is moving now”.

After another 5 minutes he felt another leak. He looked down at his shorts and saw a small wet spot in his dick area. “Mom I just peed a little”. Hearing this his mom knew it was only a matter of time “if you have to pee that bad just pee, I can clean the car and it’s bad to hold that much in”.

Ry couldn’t believe what he was hearing; he couldn’t just go, could he? She said it was okay. He decided to hold on for a bit longer. He crossed his legs which worked for a while but a wave of desperation hit him causing him to bend over and moan in pain. Seeing this his mom said “honey please just go it’s just me in here and I’m okay with it”.

Hearing this his bladder released, he felt the hot piss against his legs and heard it drip onto the floor of the car. It felt so good that all he could do was close his eyes. His mom watched as her 19 year old son wet himself in her car and next to her. Once he was done he looked down at his shorts and saw his once blue shorts were much darker in one area and he began to cry.

His mom put a hand around her son “it’s okay honey it happens and I told you it was okay”. “It’s not okay it shouldn’t happen to kids my age!” He replied. “Your still a teen this stuff happens and besides you did this at 16 and got though that”. “That was at 16 I was still at an age it could happen!” He sobbed. His mom said “it was okay” again and kissed him on the cheek and went back to driving as traffic had Vega in to move again.

