Pissadventures in College

Author: AD51

*000*2023-01-29 21:07

I will 100% say that I'm just using a similar idea to user's OrionBelt's idea which they have also posted here:

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedauthorid="144029" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed5861822524" style="height:208px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/85225-one-guy-seven-girls-two-bathrooms-in-a-dorm?do=embed"

I honestly can't believe I never considered this idea despite it being so gold. So I hope you like my take on it.

###

Warner couldn’t believe his luck, both good and bad. He had just applied and got into college, which he thought was great considering his mediocre grades throughout high school. Unfortunately the bad luck came from after getting through the application process, particularly when it came to his living situation.

The standard dorms were full, perhaps this school should’ve had more stricter standards seeing as they let someone like him in. So he was left with some rather terrible sounding options when it came to a small dorm which only housed a handful of students at best.

Said handful of students in this case all being girls outside of him. Due to just the uneven number, it ended up that he’d be sharing this small dorm with 5 other girls he had never met before, a nightmare for someone such as himself.

Warner wasn’t someone who was a mess when it came to women, but he was far from confident with being with them. He had only gone on one date throughout all of high school and it was a disaster, leaving a mental scar on the man. If he had to live with just girls this year in college, then he knew he would never lose that anxious feeling he had as he pulled into the small parking space besides the building where he’d be spending his college life at.

The dorm was a bit rundown, to call it just old would be a compliment. From what he was told, the only private places they’d be able to afford here would be just their bedrooms. Other than that, the kitchen, dinning, and entertainment space would all be shared across them. This also included the lone bathroom in the center.

He took a deep breath as he got out of his car and grabbed his backpack. There were many other things he needed to bring inside, but this would be enough to start with as he needed to find his room.

Warner used the key given to him to unlock the door and walked inside. He heard the sounds of a television, where he eyed a girl with brunette sitting by herself while also using her laptop.

“Hello?” He spoke nervously. “Um, I’m Warner. I’m supposed to be living here?”

“Oh?” She turned her head, revealing a pretty face. “Ah, right it’s you.” She got up, smiling as the girl walked to him and introduced herself. “I’m Lorene.” They shook hands as he also introduced himself.

From the looks of the main room for this dorm, it appeared that it was small enough that every facet was visible regardless of where one stood. So the only true privacy one could attain was either their own bedrooms or the bathroom, which was separated between the toilet and shower portion.

“It looks like everyone else is already here.” He commented, noting the name tags on all the doors besides one of them.

“Yeah, we’ve all been living here for a few days now.” She answered, still maintaining her charm. He was glad the first person he met here was kind, hopefully the others would follow suit. “I can’t say that living with a guy was something I wanted to do when I got to college, but I promise we don’t have to make it weird.”

“That’s good.” He wasn’t sure how he’d act about the situation too, but Warner knew he didn’t want to come off as some sort of creep. That would lead to numerous complications.

“But I can’t promise that for everyone.” For the first time upon seeing her, he saw her frown a bit. “We’ve kind of been talking about it since we all got a head start. So I know some of the girls aren’t happy about this, but I think we can make it work.” Her words only served to make him more concerned about that situation.

Those girls who were against his presence could do something to force him out, but he’d have to meet them to know for sure what they might be willing to do.

His train of thought became broken when the pair heard a banging on the front entrance. Since it was large double doors with full windows on both side, they both were able to see a short girl banging.

“Lorene! Can you open the door?” She yelled, her voice muffled through the glass, as she also danced around.

“Oh, did you forget your keys again?” Lorene walked at a brisk pace to open up the door for the clearly desperate girl. “You know, one day one of us isn’t going to be around to let you in.”

“I know, I just totally forgot.” The new girl made a beeline towards the bathroom, but stopped when she saw Warner. “Who’s this?”

“This is Warner.” Lorene answered. “He’s the guy that’s supposed to be living with us.”

“Oh, that’s cool.” She extended a hand and introduced herself. “I’m Rosaline, nice to meet you.” He would’ve properly introduced himself, but she was far too much in a rush. “Sorry, I just need to use the ladies room.” She had her thighs tightly pressed together as she talked to him. A lot of her was on full display with her thick thighs exposed due to her short shorts. Then she finally made her quick exit to the privacy of the bathroom to relieve her bursting bladder.

He was unsure about the sight he had just witnessed. The girl was obviously desperate to pee, yet she wasn’t shy at all about it around him. Something about the scene made his own heart race a bit.

“She’s such a klutz sometimes.” Lorene commented, giggling about the display. “Come on, you need some help getting your stuff to you room? I got your back.”

“Thanks.” He said as they went outside to his car. Warner could tell this would certainly be an interesting experience he would have over the course of the next school year.

*002*2023-01-30 20:10

Chapter 2

Warner had moved all his things into his room and couldn’t be more unsure about his newfound living situation. Being the only guy with a bunch of girls was nerve racking, especially for someone like him. If he were a more confident man, then maybe, but this wasn’t the case for him.

Not to mention they all had to share one single bathroom across the six of them. Even if all those ladies were men, he’d still be feeling a little uncomfortable with the situation, and it appeared he wasn’t alone when he would meet the others in the evening.

“So you’re the one who’s going to be living with us.” After being dragged from his room where he had spent his afternoon trying to relax. Warner had found himself seated at the dinner table surrounded with the rest of his roommate. The five pairs of eyes all staring at him made him feel self-conscious, the judgment from some was oppressive.

“Yeah…” He answered the girl who made the statement. She was taller than the others, but also more slender at the same time. They hadn’t even properly introduced themselves and she already had a glare sent his way.

“Don’t worry about him, Courtney.” Lorene took his side on the matter as she grabbed the other girl’s shoulders in an attempt to calm the situation. “I met him first and he’s a really cool guy.”

“Yep, going to agree with her there.” Rosaline also was on his side. He was fortunate that those two were there, but still needed a majority.

“I just don’t see how it’s appropriate to have a man here when we’re just fine with the five of us ladies.” Courtney argued. “How can we be sure he’s properly vetted?”

“Yeah, he could be a real creep.” There was another girl against his presence. Similar to Courtney, she was also taller than the others. However that was there the similarities ended with her toned muscles and rough fiery red hair. “If I find you doing something weird, I’m going to beat you up.”

“Don’t take her seriously.” The only other girl who hadn’t introduced herself finally spoke up as well. She had the palest skin among them all and the bags under her eyes meant she either didn’t sleep much or spent too much time staring at a screen in the dark. “She’s just all nervous because we’ll all have to share one bathroom with a guy now. Oh, I’m Madison, by the way, and she’s Erica.”

“Don’t just tell him my name like that.” Despite not being a serious matter, Erica took issue with how lackadaisical her roommate was being.

“And there’s nothing wrong with the bathroom concern either.” Said Courtney. Warner felt the awkward anxiety of discussing bathroom usage with a bunch of girls. It only served to remind him of his only other poor experience with one.

“What’s wrong? You don’t want men realizing that girls po-”

“It’s just not a good thing to have such personal things in what should be a private spot for someone like him to take.” Madison was cut off before being able to say such an obviously embarrassing thing. He couldn’t believe how brash a girl could be.

“If he does something bad, we’ll just get him kicked out, it’s okay.” Lorene assured everyone, which only served to make him more worried about himself with how much power they acted as though they had. “Really the only complicated part is the shower time, so we can just set up a schedule for that.”

And they indeed set up a schedule that worked out for everyone. For Warner, this meant getting the time set rather late at night, which wasn’t an issue for him at all. His classes afforded him the ability to wake up later than most and he already was a bit of a night owl. So he was more than happy with the situation.

What he wasn’t expecting was what would happen when he took a shower in this dorm for the first time. After it reached night and the time he had decided was best for him, the man grabbed his things and headed to the shower room located right besides the bathroom. Stepping out of his room, he spotted Lorene standing by it.

“We did say it’s my turn to use the shower, right?” He spoke to her much more confident than before. While he still had his aversions when it came to the opposite sex, she was the one out of everyone here he didn’t mind talking as much. She really was a kind girl and he felt safe expressing himself.

“I’m waiting for the toilet before bed.” She answered, making sure to stand up straight upon realizing his presence. Her point about this being right before sleeping made sense as she wore a comfortable shirt with loose pajama pants. “But of course I drew the short stick, had to be last, and now Courtney’s taking forever in there.”

“That sounds pretty rough.” He was glad that he could just use the shower to relieve himself right before bed. Though Warner was more concerned about how he would be able to work through all the girls in sharing this bathroom otherwise.

“Right.” She simply only nodded with a small smile in response. It disappointed him to see her be much less talkative with him than before. She had been so open earlier, so hopefully the other girls didn’t convince her that he was a bad guy. “Well, go ahead.” She stepped aside so that he would be able to enter the shower room.

“Thanks.” He walked in and set down his shower things. Warner turned on the water and began to strip as it heated up. This was when he heard a banging noise followed by a loud voice.

“Courtney, hurry up!” He heard Lorene speak. This was a different side of her he had yet to see. It sounded very urgent as she audibly groaned in what sounded like giving up. Then he heard the door handle to the shower room quickly rotate and the door swung open.

He had forgotten to lock the door, not thinking about it as he normally didn’t have to do this at home. Before him was Lorene, her hand dug deeply in her crotch and her face filled with desperation. “Oh my god, I have to piss so bad!”

It turned out her reserved behavior before had little to do with him. She simple was holding back a massive flood after all the drinks from dinner and having to wait for four other girls to handle their business before getting a chance to relieve herself. So she had been wrestling with not losing control while talking to him while trying not to seem obvious about it.

Hearing him turn on the water had done it for her. Her bladder heard the rushing sounds of water and wanted to do the same thing in her pants. “Excuse me, I’m so sorry.” Warner had taken off all his clothes sans his underwear. Still, in embarrassment he grabbed a towel to try and cover himself more as a pretty girl could easily see him almost naked.

Though she had more pressing concerns, hence why she wasn’t in mind that she just intruded on something about to take a shower. “J-just move.” She didn’t even have time to tell him to leave the room as she felt the beginnings of her bladder squeezing and forcing her pee out regardless of when she wanted it to.

Lorene stepped into the shower, ripping down her pants, and unleashed a torrent that was plainly visible to him as she squatted down. He stared for a couple seconds in awe of the force of her piss jet matching the strength of the shower head. It then dawned on him that he was watching a girl pee, which was wrong and quickly closed his eyes and placed his hand over his own crotch to hide the growing erection from the moment.

“Ah…” She breathed a sigh of relief after finally being able to let out the contents of her bladder. After she had finished, the girl stood up and pulled her pants up to cover her decency. Ironically her pants got a little wet from the water splashing from the shower, but there was no damage otherwise. “I’m so sorry.” She spoke, allowing him to open his eyes. Lorene was slightly covering her own face in absolute humiliation over what she had just done. “Just… Pretend that didn’t happen, okay?” With that, she quickly walked away with her face down trying to act like she didn’t just piss in front of a guy who was half naked.

“Right…” He spoke after she closed the door. Warner had a hard time controlling his emotions as he took off the rest of his clothes, revealing how much his body apparently enjoyed the sight. His shower time was going to be a little interesting.

*004*2023-02-05 04:56

Chapter 3

The next morning, Warner still had the moment ingrained in his mind. Lorene had really been in such a state of desperation that she dropped her pants right in front of him and peed.

The worst part for him was that the entire experience had turned him on. There was no way to lie to himself about how his little buddy felt down below to the sight. Especially considering what he did during his shower right after, knowing he was standing right over the spot where she had unleashed the waterworks. It shouldn’t be normal to feel that way, right?

As he got ready for the day, there was a knock on his door when the sun had barely risen. Warner answered it to see Lorene standing before him.

“Hey.” She greeted him quietly. “Mind if I come in and talk with you?” It was evident that she wished for this to be private and it was even more plain on what the subject matter would be about. He allowed her inside without argument, closing the door behind her. “I just want to apologize again about last night.” Lorene spoke, sitting down on his bed.

“That’s… Okay.” He wasn’t sure how someone in his position should reply. It was easily one of the more awkward moments in his life, second only to what had happened on his lone date once. “I’m sure it was just bad luck.”

“Actually, that’s what I wanted to tell you.” She clarified. “You see, I wish that sort of stuff happened way less often.”

“You mean?” He was shocked. Did she mean that she’d have more toilet emergency in the future?

“I mean, it’s not easy sharing one bathroom with four other girls. Don’t tell the others I said this, but we’ve all pretty much had some blunders.”

“Wow.” The thought ran through his mind of the other girls being in the same state as she was that night. He had already a taste of Rosaline with her thigh squeezing, but someone like Courtney or Erica crossing their legs and holding themselves after the poor attitude they gave him. Then he had to shake such inappropriate thoughts from his mind.

“Except for Madison, I guess. I hardly see her leave her room to be honest.” She continued on. “Anyway, I hoped we could all make this work, but it looks like I’m the one who made an idiot of myself.” She frown, turning her face down in shame.

“Hey, don’t worry about it.” He assured her. “I’m not judging you or anything.” She had been far too kind to him for the man to just mock and insult her for losing control of her bladder.

“So… You wouldn’t say that’s a deal breaker or anything?” She said while avoiding to look at him.

“What do you mean?” He asked, confused. “For what?”

“Huh? Have you ever dated anyone?”

“Once, but it didn’t go well.” Warner answered truthfully. “I hate to say it, but I’ve never been good around girls.” Just having her alone in his own bedroom made him anxious as it were. “So I’m not the best at understanding those kinds of things. Why, is a deal breaker have to do with dating?”

“Never mind, forget I said that.” She gave him a smile, finishing their conversation by leaving. “Gotta get ready for class, you probably got somewhere to be too.” Lorene wasn’t wrong as he also needed to prepare for his first day of classes.

Warner took care of his morning routine and headed out onto campus for the first time since orientation. The first day going through the standard introductions were boring for him, but the man was thankful there’d be nothing hard to worry about for now. There was already enough on his plate with his living situation.

Because things were so easy, his mind was allowed to wonder about what Lorene had said earlier about deal breakers. The more he thought about it and her following question about his history with girls, did she imply that she had been worried about how he viewed her? Was this her subtle hint of implying some sort of interest?

Warner shook the thought from his mind. There was no way, he thought. He was just getting a bit much because he was surrounded with girls and needed to stay focused before he made a terrible mistake.

Finally his round of classes were done for the day and he walked back to the dorm. Upon getting close enough to see the front entrance, he spotted someone standing there peering through the windows. It was Rosaline, dancing on the spot as she knock on the door.

“Oooh, is there anyone back yet?” She said aloud, taking out her phone to try and call someone.

“I’m back.” He announced his presence once he got close enough. “Did you forget your keycard again?”

“Oh my gosh, you’re my hero.” She took a deep breath, trying to stay still. However her attempts failed as she continued to wiggle her butt in plain desperation. Said butt was barely contained in her tight short jeans. “Now come on, unlock it.” She begged him as he reached out the keycard to scan to the card reader.

He didn’t think he took long at all, but apparently even these short seconds were too much for Rosaline. She gasped as he unlocked the door and opened it for her to make the dash to the bathroom. “Uh oh.” Her bladder had begun to fail her as instead of running inside, she stepped off and leaned against the wall besides them. There she undid her jean short, ripped them down, then squatted as a torrent of her pent up piss shot out and hit the concrete with so much force that even some spatter hit him.

“Whoa!” He was taken aback as Warner fell into a trance, staring at her as she pushed out the full contents of her bladder onto the ground.

“I guess your timing was pretty bad after all.” She giggled, appearing impressive with her flow.

“Oh, um, I’m sorry.” He stumbled over his words as he got a full view of her as she continued to release her waterfall of piss.

“Don’t worry about it.” Unlike Lorene, Rosaline didn’t care that much that a man got such a view of her. “I mean, when you gotta go, you gotta go, right?”

“Um… Right.” He couldn’t do anything else but stand and wait for her to finish. It would be too awkward to walk inside and close the door only to have to open it again for her. But having to stand and basically watch while holding the door was also its own brand of strange.

“Ah, finally.” She breathed a sigh of relief as her stream slowly trickled down. Her bladder really had reached max capacity if the massive puddle she left behind was any indicator. “Well, guess I didn’t make it this time.” She said. “Thanks for holding the door.” Then Rosaline talked as if nothing happened as she walked inside.

“Um, no problem.” He was at a loss for words, for this was now the second time he had watched a girl succumb to her bladder in as many days.

*006*2023-02-15 09:02

Chapter 4

Warner was unsure of how to feel about his living situation. Not because he was the only guy living with girls, but that somehow it turned out that sharing one bathroom with five other people was more difficult than he thought. It made him appreciate being an only child in a household that had two bathrooms.

Or was it particularly because of the girls themselves? Rosaline didn’t mind him seeing her unleash her flood right onto the concrete, so she likely had gotten used to being caught short. But Lorene was most certainly embarrassed about her display, but it could’ve also been because she gave him front row seats to her dropping trou.

On one hand, seeing their bare bottoms weren’t a bad sight at all. On the other, it was also accompanied with seeing their golden liquid and he was unsure if he should be okay with how he felt. It probably wasn’t a good idea to “think” about Lorene squatting down and pissing in the shower as he did some personal things to himself. But he couldn’t help it either.

As he sat down at the couch, watching some random TV show he didn’t particularly care for. Warner heard the front door open violently as Erica rushed inside. She had just finished a workout, it seemed to him, as she wore a light tank top with some tight gray leggings that showed off her shapely butt.

She made a beeline straight to the bathroom, only to find it locked. The girl then proceeded to knock on it and make her complaints clear.

“Courtney, are you in there again? Can’t you stop hogging the toilet?”

“Actually it’s me, Rosaline.” A less sophisticated voice answered. “I’m just cleaning the bathroom, it shouldn’t take that much longer.”

“Ugh, fine.” She crossed her arms and leaned against the wall to wait. In doing so, she noticed him sitting on the couch. “Just go away.” That was all she had to say to him.

“What did I… Never mind.” He realized her entering had caught his attention, so he went back to watching TV. Shortly after her arrival, another girl entered through the front.

“Yo Erika, didn’t you see me?” It was Madison coming back from class. “Why didn’t you keep the door open…” She noticed the girl standing besides the bathroom door. “Ah, I see.” She said with a smirk, putting her backpack right besides the couch to sit besides Warner.

“How was class?” Warned greeted her with some small talk. When it came to the girls, he had barely interacted with half of them. Madison was one of the girls who didn’t outright hate him, but it wasn’t as though they were friends either.

“Boring.” She answered, lying back to get herself comfortable on the cheap couch. “But at least you got something interesting on.”

“I do?” It wasn’t a show he was into, but he didn’t think she’d be into either. However as they sat next to each other. Warner couldn’t help but slightly turn his head back to see Ericka continue to be in her desperate situation.

She did her best not to appear like she was on the verge of wetting herself, but all the water she had consumed during her workout had to go somewhere and it seemed they had already made their way into her bladder. Her legs were tightly crossed, showing just how toned her muscles were as she flexed her thighs. Her face had a slightly strained expression.

“Looks like you’re interested in what you have on too.” Madison made a small comment, bringing him back into reality.

“Oh, um.” He didn’t know what to say now that he had been caught doing some so clearly perverted. “I’m just watching TV, that’s all.” Warner gave a fake chuckle, trying to keep himself calm as he felt his little guy get not so little.

“Heh, sure.” She gave him a smirk, not believing his story. “Hey Erica, didn’t you just finished working out? You’re probably all sweaty and stuff, so why don’t you just hope in the shower and take care of your need at the same time?”

“I don’t do that!” Erica responded quickly. “It’s disgusting and can’t you have a tiny bit of a filter? It’s not just us here.”

“Come on, we’re all adults here.” Madison cared little for her concern and seemed more interested in making fun of the situation.

“Finished.” Fortunately for Erica, Rosaline completed her task in cleaning the bathroom. A part of Warner was disappointed, but then he had to mentally slap himself for somehow wishing a girl would have an accident. Even if it was someone who had been mean to him, like her.

“Finally.” Erica exclaimed, quickly moving past her roommate and into the bathroom. Warner had been paying too much attention to her desperate need that he noted a small wet spot around her butt as she entered and shut the door behind her. He thought he might’ve been too perverted in his mind and he was overthinking it, but the man couldn’t help but keep an eye on the bathroom door while she was in there.

Finally, after a bit of time, she exited quietly, like she was trying to keep attention away from the others. There she walked towards her room, where he saw her hands unnaturally hanging around her toned butt. Sure enough, there had been a wet spot that couldn’t simply be explained as sweat.

She had been leaking while they were talking and might’ve really been on the verge of wetting herself completely. He pictured her rushing to the toilet, barely ripping her leggings down as piss uncontrollably gushed out all over before she sat down. It got him uncomfortable again to an extent where he couldn’t sit besides Madison in good conscience.

“I’m going to do some homework now.” He got up and headed for his room.

*009*2023-02-17 07:41

Chapter 5

Aside from all the toilet troubles, college life was a lot more boring than Warner had anticipated. Somehow despite the supposedly exciting prospect of being surrounded by girls. He found himself with little to do when he had no homework after classes.

Truthfully this was because of his own doing. He wasn’t kidding to anyone about being bad with girls. They made him tense up just by being near and he didn’t talk to most of them outside of casual small talk. Not to mention that half of them didn’t even like him, so they didn’t have anything to say to him at all.

This left him in an awkward position, especially in this moment as he did his homework on the dining table. As for why he was at the dining table and not in his own room, the multiple men in construction uniforms going in and out was the answer.

“The heck is going on?” Madison returned from class and was treated with this sight. While it wasn’t her room, it did bother her a little as his room was adjacent to hers.

“There were some wiring issues that couldn’t be ignored.” He answered. While he didn’t listen to the details, all he knew was that it would be dangerous to keep it the way it was and it would only take the day. “So I’m stuck out here.” Not only was the work loud, but being in the main room while some of the girl girls were watching TV weren’t helping his concentration either.

“That’s rough.” She didn’t sound sympathetic to his situation, but her actions indicated such. “You just want to study in my room?” She offered. He was surprised and upon asking for confirmation she assured him it was fine. “Relax, I’m not like Erica or Courtney.”

With that, he followed her into her room. A part of him wanted to decline as this would’ve been the first time he had been inside of a girl’s room. However he also realized he needed to understand he was an adult now. These things were just normal and he shouldn’t be overthinking it.

When he got inside, it was not at all what he had been expecting. Perhaps because it was Madison, someone who didn’t appear particularly girly. But her room was a mess, with clothes strewn on the floor. There was a scent he couldn’t understand under the musky feel and her desk was topped with cans of energy drinks and bottles of sodas.

She didn’t even attempt to pretend the mess was temporary. Nor did she do any pretense of saying, she hadn’t cleaned because she didn’t expect any guests. “You can just push my clothes to the ground and lay on the bed. It’s cool with me.”

“Uh, sure.” He was uncertain on if he truly went into a better place for his educational pursuit, but it was too late to back out now. Warner did as she suggested, trying to lay comfortable on her bed to read his assigned chapters. Meanwhile she hopped onto her computer, which surprised him to see someone with a fully built PC with all the lights to go along with it.

Despite inviting him in, she didn’t speak to him anymore as she put on headphones and chugged one of the energy drinks she produced from her bag. Though it did make sense as he was only in here to have a quiet place to study. So she had given him exactly that.

He could’ve lived with her choosing to engage in a hobby which required less action from her as she decided playing a video game was the best option. So he did have to deal a little bit with the constant clatter of her keyboard and clicks of her mouse.

Which was easy as he engrossed himself into the book, absorbing the knowledge it had to offer and memorized the contents which would most likely be on a future test. Notes were taken thanks to his laptop, which he had set besides him.

Thanks to the ability to have a quiet place, it was easy for him to finish up what he needed to take care of. So Warner ended up not having anything else to do as he closed his laptop. Madison appeared to still be engrossed in some game as the screen illuminated her pale skin.

He looked around her room, where he only saw more of a mess than when he first stepped foot inside. A lot of her clothes were thrown about, some of which included her undergarments. It astounded him that she didn’t care he could see, but ultimately would it even matter?

Warner knew he should’ve left by now, but it wasn’t as if he had anywhere to go until his room was fixed up. So instead, he laid back and looked at her as she seemed to have forgotten about him.

This was when he noticed her in a more tense pose than when he last paid attention to her at the start of his study session. Her legs were crossed as she wiggled about. Then Madison blindly reached for one of her empty bottles during the action of her game. For a moment, he simply thought she had absently mindlessly grabbed the wrong one while being so distracted.

This line of thinking would end when he noticed her using one of her hands to pulled down her pants, exposing the underwear underneath and place the bottle between her legs.

“Hey, what are you doing!?” He couldn’t remain silent any longer, speaking out loudly in hopes she’d hear him over her headphones.

“What!?” She had been given a fright, dropping the bottle and turning to see him. “Oh crap, I totally forgot you were still in here.” Quickly, Madison pulled her pants up to hide her decency. After seeing this girl be so laid back the entire time, her being embarrassed was a new experience for him.

“Were you about you…” He didn’t want to finish the sentence, but it was evident she was about to use the bottle as her own toilet.

“Just don’t think about it.” She cut him off, quickly pausing her game and jumping from her seat. Madison ran to the door, but when she opened it and checked outside, she immediately closed it shut. “Why am I not surprised.” She muttered to herself.

Unsurprisingly a bunch of random workers showing up to their dorm to work would have issues. Particularly in the fact there was only one bathroom and now those men were lined up to use the only toilet available.

Madison’s legs bounced up and down as she did a potty dance in front of him. She had put off her need for a while and that energy drink she chugged had worked quickly through her bladder as those drinks tended to do. It also didn’t help that she had already relaxed her bladder for a moment before he interrupt her, so it tasted the need for relief much greater than normal.

Author’s note: I want to have a little fun and leave this off as a cliffhanger 😉 But really I just want to hear if anyone wants to have anything specific from this hot situation our “hero” has found himself in.

*014*2023-02-20 04:10

Here's the outcome of this little moment and thanks everyone for the suggestions.

Chapter 6

“Oh my god, oh my god.” Madison did not make any attempts in being subtle on her desperation. She jumped around for a bit before sitting down on her bed. She sat right on the edge, crossing her legs tightly and shoving her hands right onto her crotch.

She had to put nearly her entire focus on not leaking out any more urine after her body had already sent the signal to relieve herself.

Warner didn’t have anywhere to look other than right at her in this small room. It felt wrong to see a girl right on the verge of an embarrassing accident. Unlike before, it wasn’t like Lorene or Rosaline who could just drop their panties and squat and Ericka at least made it on time. Here it seemed Madison was about to suffer from one of the worst things possible, and he knew from experience.

“Hey.” He tried speaking up to calm her and figure a way through this situation.

“How come you don’t need to piss?” She asked him with a strained voice. It was a good point, none of them had seen him desperate for a toilet this entire time. Not to mention they had both gone the same amount of time without using one.

“I’m just better at hiding it than you.” He answered, also admitting his own need. Warner had been wanting to go to the bathroom for a while, but didn’t want to leave since that meant he likely wouldn’t be allowed back in her room. “I don’t like other people knowing I need to pee.”

“Well lucky you that it’s me who’s…” She faded off, realizing how dire her situation was. He was surprised she didn’t tell him to just leave her room. Then she could do what she was about to do in privacy. Though perhaps now that her unfortunate situation was known, she had gotten too self-conscious as it would be obvious what she’d do once he left.

“You probably don’t want to hear this, but there is still that bottle.” He pointed over to the plastic bottle she had been about to use. It was just a standard water bottle anyone could buy in a store. At 16oz, it should be enough for one full bladder.

“You’re not going to tell anyone, right?” She looked at him intently, not moving in fear of her impending flood coming out and soaking her bed. Warner shook his head. It was at this point he realized why Lorene had stated no one had seen Madison have any problems with bathroom needs. It was that she had quietly been resorting to relieving herself via these bottles instead.

His silent confirmation was more than enough for her to get past her shame. She bolted straight for the bottle, picking it up and sitting back onto the bed. She pulled down her pants just enough to have room to place it in the important spot, while also maintaining as much dignity as possible.

Then it all spurted out as a jet of piss shot out of her pussy and into the container with full force. The loud hiss as he remained on the bed filled Warner’s ears. Which both aroused him as he also couldn’t help but stare, forgetting his manners, while also being reminded of his own needs. The man couldn’t help but grab himself down there, holding back his own bladder.

This apparently did not go unnoticed, as Madison’s stream came to an abrupt end by her own effort.

“Hmm? What are you doing?” He asked as she put it up to him.

“You need to go too, right?” She said, breathing heavily from her mix of relief of a full bladder and exhaustion from holding it in. “I think I get your type, so you must really have to go.” She wasn’t wrong. Even though he didn’t outwardly show it much, his own bladder was bursting as well.

“O-okay.” He accepted the half filled bottle. Normally he’d never agree to this, but his own needs were going to overwhelm him sooner rather than later at this point. Quickly he shifted over to the opposite side of the bed, pulling out his dick and sticking it right to the lips of the bottle. Her own warm fluids swished around as he angled it just right.

Then his own floodgates opened as the man relieved himself into the bottle. His piss made a more muted sound as it mixed with hers. Quickly it filled up and knowing that it would overflow if he didn’t stop. Warner grabbed his cock tightly to stem the flow, with a little bit ending up onto the bed as he was not used to doing something as disgusting as this. “Ah, sorry.” He quickly apologized for making a mess on her bed as he capped off the bottle.

The plastic warmed his hand as he held the bottle mixed with a concoction of both his and hers piss combined.

“Just put it down and I’ll take care of it later.” She spoke without turning to look at him. “And then you can just leave.” He couldn’t see Madison’s face, but it was obvious from her tone that it wasn’t the Madison he had grown accustomed to from their short time together.

“Right.” He said, doing as she said. His bladder still ached, but it was better and more manageable than before. Though their relationship certainly took a turn he couldn’t imagine would occur.

*019*2023-02-21 01:49

{{1 hour ago, dudelobowski said:

Still rooting for one of the girls to have an accident in her clothes, would be hot if madison had an accident prior and had left her peed clothes around her room. maybe the hero discovers panties she'd been hanging up to dry or something. Definitely in it for more clothed accidents but the story as a whole so far is very good

}}

I do plan on clothed accidents. It's just that a part of me wants to make it a big event since at the end of the day, they're college girls with proper bladder functions. I also wanted to make their personalities somewhat unique and have that show through their pee actions since this is an omorashi story. So that's why Rosaline is less shameful about dropping her pants and popping a squat or Madison is reclusive and more willing to piss in a bottle. Of course girls like Erika and Courtney are more prideful and you know what they said, pride before the fall.

*022*2023-02-27 05:51

Chapter 7

Warner hopes that today would be a nice, chill day. For once he didn’t have to deal with any homework and things were quiet with most of the other girls gone doing whatever it was. Not that he kept track of any, seeing as most weren’t close friends to him.

“You.” Courtney was one of those girls who were far from being close friends to him. Especially given her disdain for him existing. “Is that your car in the parking lot?”

“Yeah.” It seemed most of the girls didn’t drive themselves here. Once things got settled down, the only one normally using the parking lot who weren’t him and the students living off campus was a brand new sedan where he had a sneaking suspicion on who the owner was.

“Then it’s time for us to go shopping.” She said. “I’m the only other one with a car, so everyone else just said it’s my responsibility to do it, but I’m tired of driving.”

“I didn’t even realize we just put it all on one person.” Though if she was the only other person capable, then it made sense. “Sure, my car’s better for grocery shopping anyway.” Warner owned an old used minivan. It was far from anything special, but he paid for it himself so the man needed something he could actually afford after working part time after school for his entire senior year.

“Ugh, this is dirty.” She complained when they got into his car.

“Sorry, I haven’t cleaned because I wasn’t expecting to drive today.” He hadn’t needed to drive since arriving, which made him wonder if there was a need to have his car. Though Warner did see there could be some uses in the future. “So, how are you today?”

“I’m not interested in talking.” She shut him down quickly. “The only reason why I’m asking is because my car has a flat tire. So this was the only option.”

“Okay then.” He resumed driving as she constantly shifted in her seat. If he didn’t know better, then he’d think she needed to pee. But that wouldn’t make any sense as they had just left and she was more than free to use the bathroom as no one else was around.

Their silent drive went by eventually and soon enough he pulled into the store’s parking lot. She quickly got out as if staying in his car was torture and led the way inside. Courtney chose to wear a tight pencil skirt with lavender blouse as they went shopping. He figured it was a bit formal for a couple of people going grocery shopping, but she clearly wanted to look presentable in public.

“I just need to take a quick stop to the restrooms.” She said the moment they got inside, pointing to one of the carts. “Just go and I’ll meet you in the aisles.” So she did need to pee, he thought. A bit strange of her to not choose to use the toilet back at the dorm, but it wasn’t like the trip to the grocery was long either. So she must’ve figured it’d be more convenient this way.

He went for the first aisle, trying to make it easy for her to find him, but the man didn’t have to wait long for her return.

“That was quick.” He said having barely entered the aisle.

“The ladies restrooms are closed.” She answered with irritation in her voice. “Broken apparently, so the men’s are open for both with some privacy divisions.” He was about to ask the obvious question, but she was quick to answer preemptively. “I’m not using the men’s, by the way.”

“Okay.” He didn’t agree with her decision, but it was her bladder needs, not his. So the pair went on shopping, barely talking other than to discuss what would be a good idea to purchase.

As they went along their errands, he would occasionally take peeks at her situation. Warner had taken notice her need to relieve herself was greater than usual. It was at the point where Courtney would be looking for a bathroom as soon as possible.

When they walked, she would keep her thighs pressed together with each stepped. When they stood still to look at certain items, she would keep her legs crossed. Then, when she thought he wasn’t looking, she’s sneakily push on her crotch through that tight skirt in a futile attempt to hold back her filling bladder.

Needless to say, it gave him a hard on to see such a beautiful girl, even if she was a bit mean, having to do battle against her bodily functions. In a sense, enjoying her being knocked down a peg.

“Could we have picked a longer line?” She asked quietly, complaining about her pee need. He didn’t respond, only focusing on getting their items through the scanner and paid for as soon as possible. Warner might’ve enjoyed looking at her desperation, but that only made him guilty on how strange such enjoyment was. Not to mention it wasn’t like he wanted her to suffer or anything.

Finally they got their things and began placing it in the car. She was of little help, now with the pressure requiring her to take more effort towards holding back her urine rather than filling up the car. Though her bladder was being filled up either way.

“Are you sure you don’t want to make a quick stop to the restrooms?” He asked. “I know it’s the men’s, but-”

“Are you insinuating I wouldn’t be able to hold it on the short trip back?” She replied, offended by his offer to help her. “I’m a fully grown adult. I think I know my body better than you.”

“Okay, let’s go home.” He gave up trying to convince her. After all, she was right and it wasn’t like he was her dad or anything. It would be a bit weird for a guy who barely knew her to be deciding how her toilet relief should go. And the trip was short anyway.

At least it should’ve been, but they hit bad traffic on the way back. Cars were so backed up that he barely drove a foot before having to stop yet again. “Huh, I guess we should’ve picked a better time to go shopping.” He commented, not thinking much of it.

“R-right.” She now realized how dire her situation had become. “Whatever, we’ll be home eventually.” Courtney had become quieter, but still had some bark in her words towards him. She had her legs crossed, with one tightly over the top of the other while gently leaving her hands right above her crotch.

She hadn’t yet grabbed herself openly. She didn’t want to given that he was in the car with her with a great view of the action. But the longer the seconds ticked and the longer they were trapped in his car, the less time her bladder had before it forced out its contents whether she liked it or not.

Author's Note: I'm going to ask again for viewer ideas. There are a lot of ideas and I'm glad to do something that doesn't revolve around the single shared bathroom in the dorm being shared as the reason for desperation. Now Courtney doesn't have that excuse like the others did, wouldn't it just make the potential accident worse?

