Teddy and the #2 (A Good Luck Charlie Fanfic)

Author: Arnold

*000*2025-03-27 00:32

“Teddy!” Mr. Piper reacts with surprise as he sees the popular senior beauty enter the detention room, “I’m certainly surprised to see you here.” “Well, it isn’t exactly what I’d planned on, either, Mr. Piper” She responds in good humor, “Nothing was going right for me this morning.” “First I was searching all over the house and I couldn’t find my left shoe,” she explains, “And then for breakfast this morning, I burnt the toast.”

Teddy (or rather Theodora) Duncan was a good student. She was well-liked by both her teachers and her peers and typically very well-behaved. It was a rare occurrence indeed to see her saddled with detention. She shows Mr. Piper her BLUE detention slip and he directs here to a seat on the right side of the room. He notices that the slip says “Late to School” as the reason for the detention. He nods his head. That’s about the most serious violation you’re ever going to see from Theodora. “Well, one hour isn’t so bad,” he tells her sympathetically, as he directs another student – one with a RED detention slip -- to the left side of the room. RED detention slips, of course, mean two hours of detention while BLUE slips indicated only 1 hour.

Sitting down in her seat on the right side of the room, Teddy notes the detention rules posted on the blackboard. “No talking” and “No cell phones” appear on the list written larger than the rest. It also says, “Students may not leave their seats for ANY reason.” Geez, Teddy thinks to herself. Not for ANY reason is pretty strict -- I certainly hope there’s no fire. Another rule says that students may do schoolwork only or simply sit and do nothing at all. Teddy, the ever vigilant student, is covered on that one – she’s brought both her Calculus and her Physics homework to keep her busy. 

And finally it warns “Consequences will accrue to anyone violating these rules.” A girl named Victoria arrives just before the bell rings. In her hand is not only a RED detention slip but several pieces of notebook with writing on them. When she hands the papers to Mr. Piper, he counts to see that there are 5 pages completed. Specifically, 5 pages written front and back with the sentence, “I will not talk in detention again.” Quickly doing the math (after all, she’s in Calculus), Teddy computes that that amounts to 250 times. “I warned you that there were consequences for talking, young lady,” Mr. Piper tells the girl, “And next time it will be 500 times.” The girl is then directed to a seat in the 2-hour detention section. In fact, it’s the same seat she sat in yesterday. She got a pair of 2-hour detentions for making fun of another girl who was going #2 in the girls’ locker room bathroom.

As detention begins and Teddy settles in to work on her Calculus, she begins to feel a rumbling in her stomach. Suddenly, she has to go to the bathroom and it’s for more than just to pee. She does have to pee a little and that surprises her a bit as she’d done that during 6th period a little over an hour ago. But she can tell that it’s only a little. On the other hand, she’s not at all surprised at the need to poop as she hadn’t done that since the prior morning.

At first, Teddy figures that she’ll just as soon wait to do that until she gets home. I mean, she does go at school when she needs to. She’s certainly not one of those girls who will simply hold it in all day no matter how uncomfortable it gets. But just the same, she figures, why do it school when you could just easily wait and do it in your own bathroom at home. I mean, given the choice of the two, nothing beats the comfort and privacy of your own bathroom at home when you gotta go #2.

But as the pretty blonde senior sits there in detention, her need to go #2 rather quickly gets worse. She’s puzzled as to how her need went from the early stages to having to go kind of bad so fast. As Teddy’s one hour of detention winds down, she finds herself rethinking her decision to wait until she gets home. Even though her walk home is only a short one, Teddy decides it’s probably best to take care of this one here at school. There’s a girls’ room in the hallway near the gym and that’s right on the path that she typically takes when exiting school. She makes a plan to just to do it there on her way out the door. And that’s actually one of the nicer girls’ rooms at school. It’s the one that the public uses when attending events in the gym at the school and they keep it really nice for that reason.

As the bell rings to end detention for the blue-slips,” Teddy gathers up her books and heads down the hall toward that girls’ room. Again, like most girls, Teddy would prefer to be doing it at home but doing it at school really isn’t a big deal, either. And today, necessity dictates it’s going to happen at school.

Entering the girls’ room as planned, Teddy is discouraged to find at least half of the entire cheerleading squad in there. It’s apparently break time in this afternoon’s practice session and cheerleaders, even more so than most girls, always go in groups. The thing is, that only 3 of the 6 stalls are actually occupied and about 15 or so other girls are just checking themselves in the mirror or just milling about. This isn’t exactly what she bargained for when she decided to go here instead of waiting until she got home. 

The poor girl looks around and begins to question her decision again. Doing it at school is one thing – again, really not a big deal for Teddy – but this many girls in the girls’ room isn’t quite the environment you’d like when you gotta do what Teddy’s gotta do. Peeing would be one thing – people barely notice when you’re only doing that. But when it comes to #2, even at school, you gotta expect a little more privacy than this. Looking around, Teddy decides after all, that she can hold it in until she gets home.

As Teddy leaves school, she quickens her pace as she walks through the almost empty parking lot. She can feel the force of this bowel movement building some more. And she now finds herself needing to pee quite badly as well. The pretty senior blonde has to stop at the end of the parking lot to clench her butt cheeks to hold it in. Obviously, Teddy is now forced to rethink this yet again. She’s no longer sure that she’s going to be able to hold it in until she gets home. In fact, she’s pretty sure now that she’s NOT going to be able to hold it in until she gets home.

With an even quicker pace now, she reverses course and heads back through the parking lot and into the school. As she turns the corner toward the girls’ room, she’s pleased to see a whole bunch of cheerleaders exiting the girls’ room. When she enters she does find 1 of the 6 stalls occupied, but that’s not bad at all as the rest of the girls’ room is vacant. But even if it weren’t, all that really wouldn’t matter now. Even doing it in a bathroom literally filled with other girls wouldn’t be as embarrassing as doing it in your pants. And doing it in her pants would be exactly what would happen if Teddy didn’t get to a toilet right NOW!

Teddy takes the first stall she comes to and slams the door shut. She unbuttons her jeans and quickly takes them and her panties down. She suddenly notices pee on the seat but there’s no time now to go to a different stall. She quickly wipes down the seat and sits down. She pees a quick forceful burst that stops suddenly. And then just as suddenly, her bowel movement starts forcing itself out. It’s a big solid one that pushes itself out slowly but forcefully.

Teddy doesn’t push. She lets it just come out naturally. Her mother – a nurse – always told her to do it that way and she always has even though she never understood why. Maybe it just feels better that way, she thinks facetiously. Especially when it’s a big, powerful one like this one, maybe it’s just more enjoyable to let it come out that way – to just sit back and relax and enjoy while the bowel movement itself does all the work. Eventually, it – a single “log” -- tapers off and touches down gently in the toilet. Immediately, her bowels feel empty – there’s no more to be done.

Still, she just sits there for a while and enjoys the feeling of relief and emptiness. She gets up and takes a quick look in the bowl. She’s quite impressed with what she’s done. And she’s quite happy that she ultimately decided to do it here at school. “I don’t think I could have held that thing in much longer,” Teddy thinks to herself, “And I don’t want to even think about the consequences of doing that monster in my pants.” She sits back down and thinks about how she definitely made the right choice. Doing it at school really isn’t so bad after all.

She then hears the steady click of the toilet paper roller going in the stall two stalls down. That’s quite a bit of toilet paper coming off that roll. That’s in the stall that was already occupied when Teddy came in. One would assume the girl in that stall had been pooping as well. As that girl eventually finishes, flushes and exits the stall, Teddy sees through the crack of her own stall door that it’s one of the cheerleaders. Apparently, she, too – having to poop – waited for the other cheerleaders to exit before sitting down to do it.

Teddy waits for the girl to finish washing and drying her hands before finishing up her own business. Surprisingly, given how solid this single “log” bowel movement was, it takes Teddy three wipes to wipe herself clean. But then again, it’s school toilet paper and that’s never been of the best quality. Now, after a quick wipe of her front, she takes another look and flushes it all away. It all goes down easily, but the big “log” does leave some serious skidmarks in the toilet bowl. All that’s left now is pulling up her panties and jeans, washing her hands and heading home. She breathes a sigh of relief that she didn’t risk doing that in her pants on the way home. And it’s a far more leisurely and comfortable walk home, to boot.

When she finally does get home, she finds her little sister, Charlie, waiting eagerly to tell her the big news. Proudly, she shows Teddy the potty sticker she got at preschool today. “I went potty at school today,” she tells her big sister proudly. “I went potty at school today, too,” Teddy tells her right back, almost equally as proud, but maybe a little disappointed, too, at not getting a potty sticker herself.

*001*2025-04-10 12:52

Another Good Luck Charlie Fanfic by Request.


