Desperate on the buss

Author: alexass1

*000*2024-11-24 01:30

Hello everyone, this will be my first fiction. Actually some of this fiction is real but of course it is combined with my omorashi fantasy.

My best girlfriend and my boyfriend and I decided to take a bus to a city 3-4 hours away from where we lived and visit the city. We set off at 9 a.m. I would like to say that I neglected to go to the toilet before we set off.I was wearing black yoga leggings to travel comfortably and a long woolen jacket that hid my crotch and butt.I must say that I have a small and active bladder. After 1-2 hours of traveling, my bladder started to fill up quickly. I was intimate enough to tell my girlfriend and boyfriend that I had to pee a lot.My bladder was filling up fast and my girlfriend and boyfriend were teasing me to pee in my pants and I was trying not to pee with my hands in my crotch.

We only had one break on the bus, and it was only at the end of the road, and I was about to pee my pants, and I was holding my hands in my crotch, trying hard not to cry, and my girlfriend said she wanted to get some sleep and went to her corner.

I was sitting on the roof and my boyfriend was sitting next to me.The bus wasn't very full and we were sitting at the back.

My boyfriend took my hands out of my crotch and put his hand in my vagina and started stroking it and he said we could have some fun and when I started to get horny it was getting hard for me to hold my pee and he knew that and he wanted to play with me a little bit.My boyfriend slid his hand under my panties into my vagina and started massaging my clit and pee hole and he noticed that I was getting really wet and I was starting to leak a little bit and he said how about you pee a little bit on my hands and I'm not going to let your yoga pants get wet and I said I couldn't at first but he insisted and I was piss drunk and I thought maybe I could let go a little bit.As my boyfriend massaged my pussy and clitoris, I involuntarily started to leak my pee slowly.I could feel my panties getting slightly wet.

My pussy and lips felt warm and juicy.I squeezed myself that if we continued any longer, I would leak more pee.But my boyfriend was enjoying it so much and didn't stop.He knew I was getting close to orgasm.As he stroked my clit, drops of pee were coming out and when I finally orgasmed, I had leaked half of my pee, if not all of it, into my boyfriend's hands and his hands were covered in pee and the crotch of my yoga leggings were wet, but they were black and shiny so you couldn't tell they were wet.We were almost at the end of our journey but I still had to pee.The aftermath of the orgasm and the weakness of my bladder had squeezed me again.Finally we reached our only break and I used the restroom during the break without waking my girlfriend.My panties were completely covered with urine and gel liquid.My yoga leggings did not show the pee.After removing the pee from my panties and yoga leggings with a napkin, I got back on the bus.

