Ice Skating Omorashi

Author: animepee1234

*000*2018-12-19 23:25

Hey everyone it’s been awhile since I’ve posted so enjoy.

Once on a cold mid-January afternoon a girl a blond girl named Kate was on her way to ice skating. As she was in her car she was drinking water before han (bad idea).

As they pulled up Kate felt the slightest feeling of desperation. She got out of the car with her mother, Kate grabbed her ice skates and headed into the rink.

When she walked in and sat down she grabbed her skates out of her bag. As she put her left leg up to put her skates on she felt a shock of desperation go through her body, she quickly held her crotch.

Kate’s mother walked over and said “Hurry up I didn’t pay for you to just sit around and do nothing”. Kate got up and went out onto the ice.

(10 minutes later)

Kate skated over to another girl and started talking to her still feeling desperate as they continued talking Kate felt another shock of desperation as a dribble of pee came out. A small dark blue stain apperead on her blue skating uniform she started to skate towards the exit.

Her mother looked over at her. “What are you doing” her mother said. “I need to use the bathroom” Kate replied.

“Don’t tell me that, I paid for you to skate so your gonna skate” her mother said.

Kate went back out into the ice and continued skating. She started to skate faster and faster she jumped and landed as she felt her bladder start to give in. She looked at her mom and said “Can I please use the bathroom mom” again her mother denied the request. “Do a spin you haven’t practiced that in awhile” her mother said so Kate listened

As Kate spun she grew more and more desperate she did one final spin and finished then she looked down only to see a growing dark blue spot grow as pee went down her leg and splattered onto the floor. She looked up at her mother with a bright red face as tears formed in her eyes. This was just a bad day for Kate.

