Kim's accident in the Park

Author: aubrey214

*000*2017-10-14 17:15

Kim was driving out to a local park to take a stroll in the woods and to take a break from her busy college life. Kim was of average height and had straight black hair. It had been an unseasonably warm October with temperatures spiking into the 90s, but today was cool and Kim was wearing grey yoga pants and a light black jacket. As she pulled into the gravel parking lot that marked the entrance of the park she finished the last of the coffee she had made this morning. She had already drunk 5 cups.

“probably too much, but it’s such a cozy thing to do on a cool morning like today” she thought to herself.

She hoped out of the car and grabbed her backpack from the other seat. It contained her hammock and a water bottle. Once everything was situated she set out down the trail. The trail followed a river for about a mile and then looped back to the parking lot in a circuit that was about 3 miles long in total. As Kim descended the trail out of the parking lot she passed the only bathroom in the whole park without giving it a second thought.

It took Kim about 15 minutes to reach her favorite hammock spot and on the way, she drank most of the water she had with her. She set up her hammock slightly off the trail overlooking the nearby river. After climbing into the hammock, she stared at the beauty of the trees and the river and soon she had drifted off to sleep.

Kim suddenly found herself back at the college, just leaving a lecture hall and she desperately needed to pee. It was a miracle she had made it all the way through the lecture and she was taking small frantic steps down the hallway towards the nearest bathroom. She was surrounded by people and could feel herself bursting at the seams, she had no choice but to bury her hand into her crotch to prevent herself from leaking. She finally made it to the bathroom at the end of the hall but to her dismay she found all the stall were full. Kim leaned against the wall in the bathroom with her legs crossed and her hands pressed in her crotch. Her urethra quivered with the strain of keeping her pee in.

Finally, on of the stalls opened and Kim raced inside, ignoring the judging look she received from the girl coming out. She could feel herself starting to leak as she locked the door to the stall and she could feel a warm wetness as she soaked her panties and the crotch of her light grey pants. She managed to rip down her pants and panties and felt relieved as a torrent of pee jetted into the toilet. The warmth of relief began to creep from her crotch up her back and down to her thighs.

Kim bolted awake to find herself peeing full force and soaking herself as she lay in the hammock. Being slightly water-proof, the hammock allowed the piss to pool and she was soaked with pee from the middle of her back all the way down to her knees. Her light grey yoga pants made the accident incredibly obvious and Kim’s face burned with embarrassment.

How could a 20-year-old college student wet her pants like this. Kim jumped out of the hammock and managed to stop peeing. She had to cover up this accident somehow in case someone came walking down the trail. She tied her windbreaker around her waist, luckily the red sweated she wore underneath had been mostly protected and from the back it would be hard to tell she had pissed herself. Kim quickly packed up her hammock trying to ignore the fact that despite her soaking grey pants she still need to pee quite badly.

Kim began quickly walking down the trail trying to ignore the sounds of the river next to her but with each passing minute her desperation increased. Soon her urethra began to hurt from the strain of trying to hold in the flood. With each step Kim’s bladder jostled around in her pelvis shooting waves of desperation through Kim’s body. Less than 2 minutes’ walk from the parking lot Kim could hold it in no longer and a jet of warm piss shot into her already soaking panties and a new wetness darkened Kim’s yoga pants even more. Kim was beaten with her pants already soaking she couldn’t will herself to hold a second longer.

She spread her legs slightly and with a hissing sound the 20-year-old college student, started to pee full force into her panties. The now familiar warmth ran down her legs and into her socks, luckily her light tennis shoes allowed the piss to stream into the puddle slowly forming between her legs. Luckily no one else was around to see her pissing herself and face burning with shame Kim made it home to a much-needed shower without any other surprises.

