The assistants of Katherine Andrews: Hannah and the business presentation

Author: Apan

*000*2017-03-19 19:58

It's been a while since my rounding-up of the Laura story and her unlucky first workday culminating in her boss's car, due to no fault but my own negligence, so it's about time I'd start on a new entry as promised. For those who are wondering what I'm talking about or simply want to refresh their memory regarding the premise of it all, I refer to the first entry in this thread

(and, by all means, the following story itself, not to mention the arc story referred to therein) . 

Now I thought I'd jump back a bit, only a little though, in time to Catherine's first office assistant Hannah. This day was supposed to be Hannah's highlight yet at her new job as a confident young office lady, since the whole company was centering around a big presentation in which she was to take part. How will she fare? Read on and find out, hope you like it! 

*001*2017-03-19 20:02

Part 1 

It had been a hectic morning for Hannah Wilson this April Tuesday, not only in terms of workload but also mentally. This was the day when she was going to hold her very first major presentation in front of a lot of important corporate people and she was determined to make the best possible impression. The presentation itself was part of a conference meant to gather information between several big and not so big corporations in order to make further decisions about how to cooperate in the near future. Andrews Corp. played a key role in this coordination of interests and thus Hannah, being the newly acquired assistant of Katherine Andrews, bore quite a big load on her shoulders in presenting her company in the best possible light.

During the morning, Katherine had made sure that Hannah stuck to her duties and carefully researched and gathered all the facts and figures in order to put them down to presentable slides and an accompanying narrative to go with them. Hannah had a habit of biting off more than she could chew in her quest to please her superiors and had taken on a bit of a cocky persona in order not to reveal her actually quite insecure personality.

This had manifested itself already during her first day as Katherine’s assistant when she self-assuredly had declined to take her morning break and thusly neglecting her rising need for the toilet. As the morning progressed she grew more and more desperate and finally she had to plead to her boss to be excused before she wet herself in the office. Katherine, being the stern and scrupulous business woman she was, had initially denied Hannah a toilet visit since she had already had her chance during her break. Hannah’s desperation quickly grew to a dangerous level though so she simply had to convince her boss to let her go to the toilet before she had an accident.

She had been standing in the door opening to Katherine’s office, cross-legged and frantically pushing her hands into her crotch through her skirt, pleading with tears in her eyes and feeling the urine at the very edge of her urethra. The sight of her cute pleading assistant squirming around like a little girl, practically crying and about to pee herself right there had tipped Katherine’s conscience over the edge and she finally relented and let Hannah off to the office restroom. Hannah had darted out in the hallway and into the restroom, just about making it albeit with a couple of spurts into her panties before landing safely onto the toilet seat.

This turn of events had sparked an unexpected excitement in Katherine. She had become incredibly aroused at the sight of poor Hannah almost wetting herself, and even more so at the thought of Hannah actually doing it. The power she exercised over her assistant through her strict break schedule only added to Katherine’s arousal and this incident made her brain cogs turning in plotting how she could possibly set up for Hannah to become caught short once again. Maybe she could even make Hannah have an accident, obviously being equipped with quite an active bladder.

Over the next few days, Katherine had actually managed to keep Hannah from the toilet long enough for her to wet herself in the office on a couple of occasions. Her main strategy had simply been to refuse Hannah to go between the breaks, sternly reminding her that it was her responsibility to take care of her business on her time off duty and that she should have learned her lessons by then. Still, Hannah had been playing Russian roulette with her break time habits and neglecting to relieve herself during her breaks on a few occasions, resulting in her being trapped inside her office with a bursting bladder and eventually an overflowing chair with the accompanying humiliation.

Hannah had her suspicions that Katherine was actually keeping her from the toilet on purpose in order for her to have an accident for her own pleasure. For Hannah it wasn’t unheard of that people took sexual pleasure in wetting incidents. She had had a massive wetting accident at a club once when she was 19 in front of a lot of people, including a couple of guys who had a hard time covering up their excitement after witnessing Hannah losing control. She was standing in a big queue outside her favourite club one Friday night, absolutely bursting after an evening’s worth of wine drinking. She had been trying to persuade the doorman to let her in but was consistently rejected so she had little choice but to try to hold on, which she eventually failed to do.

With only a few people in front, she suddenly curtseyed down and flooded her tight beige pants, gushing torrents urine down her legs and all around her butt and crotch, making them go dark and glistening and even spurting through the material onto the ground. Everyone around her stood and stared as she cried her eyes out and a couple of guys couldn’t conceal their massive boners even from Hannah, who was all caught up in her own humiliation. She could have sworn that one of them even shot a load in his pants.

That incident had revealed to Hannah the possible excitement people would get off of her toilet ordeals, which is one reason she tried her best not to reveal her need whenever it arose. This had led to quite a few incidents when she had been caught short and sometimes even ended up wetting herself, simply due to her being unwilling to announce her desperation in time and consequently get stuck where there simply was no toilet to be found. And even now, finally climbing toward the height of her professional career, she found herself being the victim of her own pride while on duty, resulting in her completely soaking her posh office outfit. 

Now though, it was the moment she more or less had been preparing for her whole career. If she could nail this presentation, it meant that she could be due for heavier duties from then on, carrying a bigger responsibility, shaking hands with more important business people, lifting a bigger pay check and maybe even clear the ground for even grander career opportunities elsewhere. She had to make herself indispensable and thus there was no room for error.

That’s why, by 10:50 when her first break arrived, Hannah had made a beeline for the toilet in the office hallway to beat Katherine to it. She often had found herself locked out from it by her boss when break arrived, prompting her to ride all the way down to the ground floor and hoping for the restroom stalls to be available. Now though, she seized her chance to relieve herself in time. After finishing her business and exiting the toilet, she noticed that Katherine obviously had left her office for the break. Hannah didn’t think much about it and sat down at her own desk, reading the morning paper.

At 11:00 Katherine came back with a big mug of coffee in her hand.

“Here you go, Hannah.” she announced, “I thought you might need something to perk you up so I brought you some coffee from the machine downstairs.”

“Oh, thank you, Miss Andrews!” Hannah replied and accepted the coffee. It certainly couldn’t hurt to boost her energy with a little something in order to sharpen her focus for the big task at hand.

Hannah continued putting together her presentation slides while successively emptying her coffee mug. The preparation for the conference was going along well and she felt more and more confident about her making an impression as she chiselled out her presentation. The water draining properties of the coffee made her unconsciously top up with a steady sipping of water as the morning progressed and it took only about an hour before her bladder started sending signals of needing emptying again.

As the clock went past 12:00 and lunchtime was only half an hour away, Hannah was already feeling a bit desperate due to all the liquid she had consumed during the morning. She found herself looking at the clock every five minutes as lunchtime approached and fidgeted around on her chair ever so slightly. During her stint at the company, she had discovered that she needed to visit the toilet both during her morning and afternoon breaks as well as her lunch break in order to remain in comfort and avoid desperation and today was no exception. At least she had thought ahead and provided herself with a sturdy sandwich for lunch so that she could get her nutritional necessities over with quickly and concentrate on finishing her presentation.

Finally lunchtime arrived at 12:30 and Hannah got up from her seat and walked out in the hallway. As she approached the toilet door she noticed a sign on it:

“Out of order”

Hannah frowned and went back into her office and took the opportunity to ask Katherine what was the matter with the toilet.

“Excuse me, Miss Andrews. The sign on the toilet…”

“Yeah, about that,” Katherine replied, “It’s all clogged up so we need to have a plumber coming here this afternoon. I’ve taken care of it though, but we will have to use the restroom on the ground floor in the meantime.”

“Oh, I see…” Hannah replied somewhat insecurely, and continued into her own office, deciding to finish her lunch sandwich before heading down to the restroom.

*003*2017-03-27 18:18

Part 2 

Once finished with her lunch, Hannah set off to the elevator but was interrupted by her boss:

“Hannah! Could you come in here for a second?” Katherine enquired. Hannah silently groaned and curtseyed down, feeling slightly frustrated that she couldn’t get to the restroom at once.

“Please, sit down.” Katherine invited her and pointed to the chair across from the desk. “I just want to go through the final details with you before the conference.”

“Oh damnit!” Hannah thought to herself, now feeling quite desperate. “This might take all the rest of my lunch break. I have to visit the bathroom before the conference, please don’t be long!”

Hannah gingerly sat down across from her boss and folded her hands in her lap while trying to sit still. Her bladder was already reasonably full but she could still get away with just a slight twisting of her ankles. Katherine went on and on about their upcoming presentation and the overall scheme of the afternoon, nothing of which wasn’t already clear and intuitive to Hannah.

“Why are we doing this now?” she thought, “I know all this already! Didn’t she figure I have to go to the toilet? She couldn’t possibly… no… she couldn’t be trying to keep me from going to the restroom on purpose? She couldn’t be that sadistic, now could she?”

Hannah sat politely, chirping in with the occasional approval and confirmation that she had understood what Katherine was on about. The rest of their lunch break flew by and the clock went past 12:50 before Katherine had decided to finish up her prep talk.

“Alright, Hannah. Let’s go down to the conference hall!” Katherine said as she rose from her chair and started out from her office. Hannah followed, praying for the restrooms on the ground floor to be free.

They rode down in the elevator and walked out in the hallway, further on through the lobby and into the main conference hall where the other conference guests already were arriving. Hannah followed Katherine down the aisle in the hall and called for her attention:

“Miss Andrews, I just need to visit the restroom real quick!”

“Ok, but you only have a couple of minutes. Now, don’t be late!” Katherine replied sternly.

Hannah hurried out from the conference hall and into the hallway where the restroom was located. As she opened the restroom door, her heart sank; greeting her inside the door was a big cleaning sign on the floor which a janitor was just about to mop.

“Oh, I’m sorry,” Hannah said, slightly shocked, “Are you going to be long?”

“No worries, Miss. I will probably be done in about 10-15 minutes or so.”

“Oh… alright, thanks.” Hannah replied hesitatingly, silently cursing that she wasn’t yet able to relieve herself. She went back to the conference hall and decided that she just had to hold it until the afternoon break. It was going to be tough, but if her desperation didn’t rise too quickly she could still manage.

The first presentation began at 13:00 and Hannah was already feeling quite desperate. The first two presentations were scheduled to last until 3:45 PM when everybody was given a fifteen minute break. This meant that Hannah would have to hold it for almost three hours before relieving herself. She and Katherine were seated right at the front, watching two middle-aged men step forward to the front stage. They were representatives from one of their client companies and were there to tell about areas of cooperation between their respective businesses.

As the first presentation went on, Hannah had a really hard time sitting still. Her bladder was steadily filling up and she couldn’t help fidgeting around on the chair. Katherine sneaked an occasional glance at her cute assistant and became aroused at the prospects of Hannah not being able to relieve herself until the break. Hannah became more and more nervous as she felt her need rising at an alarming speed. That morning coffee along with all the water she had consumed was bit by bit finding its way into her bladder.

The clock approached 2 PM and Hannah was really starting to worry now, disclosing an anxious look on her face, occasionally biting her lip as she squirmed around on her chair. She kept her hands folded in her lap but tried to press them into her crotch for extra holding support without anyone noticing, especially her boss, but her tight pencil skirt made it hard to do that. Katherine savoured the moment and wondered how long it would take before a wet hiss would emerge from under Hannah’s skirt and liquid start to drip off her chair while Hannah broke down crying in front of the whole room. She became horny just thinking about it.

At 2:15 the first group had finished off their presentation and there was a moment of idleness while the associates gathered their stuff and the next group went down to the front to prepare their round. Hannah, now approaching bursting level, anxiously looked around and panted hard a couple of times before seizing her chance. She whispered in a nervous tone:

“Miss Andrews! Could I just…”

Just then, Katherine stood up, apparently not noticing the emerging plea from her assistant.

“Please, Miss Andrews… I really need to…”

Hannah looked after her boss walking off to the front of the room to interject with a brief statement before the next presentation. Hannah sat defeated with her hands gripping the sides of the chair while anxiously grinding her knees against each other, looking extremely worried. She thought she had a chance of escaping her growing torture but it seemed she was caught in here for another hour and a half. Her poor bladder was constantly straining inside her tummy now and she was unable to sit still, constantly twisting around with her hands behind her on the chair. Katherine returned to her seat beside Hannah and the presentation commenced.

About half an hour into the presentation, Hannah’s bladder began to hurt inside her. She became seriously worried that she might actually start wetting herself before the break arrived and she was constantly casting restless glances at the clock. She could hardly concentrate on the actual presentation and her knees went up and down against each other as she tried to squeeze her legs together. The time trotted on, passing 3 PM and her breathing became more and more acute.

She pondered upon the idea to simply get up and run out from the room but there were several serious arguments against doing so. First of all she feared the scolding of her boss and the consequent jeopardizing of her career since the conference was so important. Second, it would be beyond embarrassing to announce her frantic desperation in such a blatant manner in front of all these people, some of whom she would be rubbing shoulders with later on. If she wasn’t fired for her disrupting behaviour, that is. 

The only sensible thing to do was trying to remain the mature and professional young lady she set out to be and simply hold on. She could do it; she had had enough accidents to know that her current state was still manageable, but it was sure going to be a close call when the break finally arrived. 3:20 PM, less than half an hour to go. Her bladder throbbed and she rubbed her hands around on her thighs, stretching her thin skirt over her sexy pantyhose-clad legs. Katherine watched gleefully at the corner of her eye; so much absorbent material to get soaked, saturating the pink flimsy fabric to a dark glistening purple, leaving nothing to the imagination. 

*005*2017-05-02 18:53

Seems I've forgotten this thread, that won't do! Here's the next part. 

Part 3 

Eventually the presentation drew to a close and with only about five minutes to go, Hannah sat with her hands once again gripping the edge of the seat, nervously bouncing her knees up and down while staring anxiously at the group to end their session. The minutes dragged by and she tensed up her lips while suppressing a groan of desperation. She was slightly amazed that she had made it this far considering her constant rise in need but she had to really squeeze her thighs together while grinding them up and down in order to keep her control.

3:45 PM and breaktime finally arrived. Hannah rose from her seat, keeping her hands on the front of her skirt, clenching her every muscle down there as hard as she could.

She left the room in a hurry and speed-walked to the restroom down the hall. She tried to act as composed as possible but had to take small hurried steps in order to keep her legs together.

As she entered the bathroom, her eyes opened wide with horror. Two of the stalls were obviously occupied as there was a line of three women waiting to get inside. The third stall had an Out of Order-sign on it and was locked up. She stationed herself behind them, really squeezing her thighs together.

After a couple of minutes it became obvious that none of the stall occupants were in a hurry doing their business, and she still had to wait for the other women before she could get relief. Aside from her being beyond desperate by now, it also meant a considerable amount of time before she was done and she had only ten minutes before her presentation was to start.

She knew she had to do something so she meekly approached the woman in front of her; "Excuse me, you don't suppose I could go in before you? I'm really desperate and I have to get back to a presentation soon." The woman looked at Hannah standing with her arms all tensed up on her sides, trying to suppress all signs of desperation.

"I'm sorry, but I really need to get back to work as well, I can't afford to waste any more time than necessary. I will be quick though, don't worry!" Hannah bit her lip and did some quick calculations in her head; this would probably take more time than she could afford.

She bent down squeezing her legs together as a big spasm suddenly shot through her body, signalling that she was really at the end of her tether. She had to find another bathroom now or she would be stuck in a conference room with her bursting bladder and... well, ultimately wet herself.

She exited the bathroom and headed straight for the elevator. She had about 10 minutes to get to the only other toilet she knew about, located at the tenth floor where the accountants where housed. As she waited for the elevator another spasm shot through her body, causing her to whine and bend down yet again.

When the door opened she was joined by four men and one woman approaching the elevator. Unprepared for the occasion, Hannah straightened up and gripped the sides of her skirt, trying to act as casual as possible. The movement caused some additional pressure on her already bursting bladder and she had to employ all her strength and willpower not to let go of the ocean inside her in front of those people.

She got in and stood in the corner, trying to act normal and unbothered, but it was clear for anyone who looked at her that this young woman was experiencing a major crisis. Her face was giving away her anxiousness as the elevator started to advance. She now had 8 minutes before she had to be back. No bumps in the road and she would make it!

Two of the men secretly glanced at Hannah, admiring her lovely face and figure as she stood in the corner, rhythmically pinching her knees together, setting her tight pencil skirt in sensual movement as the fabric stretched over her pantyhosed legs, desperately trying to unknowingly clamp off the devastating amount of urine inside her body. Then, after the elevator had passed the first floor, it slowed down to a halt at the next one. Hannah's heart began to race and her eyes widened at the thought of any additional prolongation to her already scarce frame of time.

The doors opened and two of the men got out. The stop had cost her valuable time, she now had 6 minutes. As the elevator kept ascending it slowed down again, three floors from her destination! She was almost in tears from pain, worry, humiliation and now also frustration of being kept from the toilet all the time in her direst hour of need. The doors opened and the remaining two men got out together with the woman, leaving Hannah alone in the elevator. 

Time was running out fast and as she arrived at the tenth floor, her marginal had shrunk to 5 minutes. She fought another spasm and walked gingerly with scissoring legs along the hallway which led to an office landscape. She walked on briskly through the office area, taking small steps and trying to keep her legs crossed while trying not to look desperate in front of all these people, which was somewhat of a contradiction. Three minutes, she had to be back in the conference room in three minutes!

She turned the corner and sped down the hallway, clicking her heels against the floor, panting anxiously. She walked in to the small compartment where the toilets were, immediately opting for the left door.

She turned the handle only to be greeted with the unmistakeable resistance of a locked toilet door. She silently cursed and turned the right one - locked!

"Oh god! This isn't happening!" She could believe it! Here she was, absolutely bursting to pee and with almost no time left before she had to be holding a big presentation in front of almost fifty important business people, now faced with the only opportunity to remain dry and dignified locked away as if in a cruel twisted nightmare.

Hannah cried inside of her mind. "How can every bathroom I encounter be locked?!"

Two minutes left, she had to get back to the conference hall. She hurried back through the office space to the elevators, betting all her hope on that the downstairs restroom would have at least one free stall so she could relieve herself and arrive maybe just one minute late. A scolding for being late was still better than to flood herself and the conference room in front of all those people.

As luck would have it, the elevator had remained on her current floor so she could get right in and start descending.

"Katherine", Hannah pondered, "She loves this sort of thing. Could she... no, how could she possibly be on the outlook for every toilet in the building? She can't expect to get away with locking up every single one of them without someone realizing it."

The thing was, she couldn't, but Hannah wasn't that far off in her speculations.

See, during the previous presentation Katherine was already plotting her next move in trying to get her pretty assistant to have an accident. Now that Hannah had been holding it for so long already, Katherine thought it would be such a shame if there wasn't a way to prolong Hannah's holding all the way to the finishing line. Katherine imagined the amount of urine Hannah must have been accumulated by then and how gloriously wet her possible accident would turn out. But she had to be sly; she didn't want to be accused for causing Hannah to wet herself.

Hannah didn't realize it at the time, being all caught up in her own desperation, but about fifteen minutes before the break Katherine had snuck out of the conference room, excusing herself to her colleagues that she had some preparation to do for the next session. That was actually true; she had to get back to her office and gather all the paperwork in support for Hannah's presentation, trying to make it as easy as possible for her assistant by having all the main pillars set up throughout the flow of the presentation.

But at the same time, Katherine also had a cunning plan to make it not so easy on Hannah in a completely different respect. On her way from the conference room she went straight to the restroom on that floor. One of the stalls was actually locked up due to the toilet being broken and due for fixing later in the week but Katherine reckoned that if she locked up one of the two working ones there would be quite a line for the only free one and since there was at least one supposedly free toilet out of three, there wouldn't be that much suspicion of sabotage among whoever walked into that restroom.

Thus, she entered the restroom which was empty at the moment, and closed one of the stall doors from the outside and turned the lock with her Swiss army knife screwdriver from the outside, leaving just one free stall for anyone to use. It was a bit of a gamble but she was pretty sure that there would be at least a few people lining up during the break. Both herself and Hannah were after all sitting at the front in the conference room, about as far from the door as you could get, guaranteeing that Hannah would be prevented from getting out among the first.

After her diabolical deed Katherine advanced to the elevator, trying to figure out possible turns of events. If Hannah couldn't get to that toilet, where would she go next? Katherine couldn't just lock up all the possible toilets, that would be too obvious, but she could at least narrow down the number of possible paths to relief for her desperate assistant, leaving the rest to pure probability. Their own office toilet was already taken care of; Katherine had simply hung that Out of order-sign on the handle and locked the door from the outside, informing Hannah that it was clogged when lunch break arrived.

Katherine knew that the only other floor Hannah could possibly be familiar with was the tenth, so she decided to give those bathrooms a go as well. She went up there and marched through the office space towards the bathrooms in the hallway at the other side, quickly looking around for anyone who might be approaching and proceeded to lock both of the doors with her screwdriver. It would only be for a couple of hours so she figured no one would have time to be any the wiser.

"That'll slim down her chances." Katherine thought delightfully, hoping that it would be enough. She rode back down to the bottom floor and realized that it was just about time for the break. As she went down the hallway from the elevator she delightfully noted how people from the presentation had started to emerge and smirked at the sight of two of them entering the restroom. "The scene is set", she thought to herself.

Hannah stood half-bent over in the elevator, supporting herself with her right hand on her thigh and the left on the wall. She was closer than ever to piss herself right there and if she couldn't get into the toilet on the bottom floor now she didn't know what to do. The elevator landed on the floor and she tried to straighten up but it hurt so bad, she had to remain in that hunchback position while hobbling out and down the hallway.

*008*2017-07-10 17:29

Seems that I once again forgot about my commitments here, I do apologize. It's about time I round this one up. 

Part 3 

"Hannah!"

An all too familiar voice called after her as she approached the toilet, forcing her to stop dead in her tracks. She saw Katherine coming towards her looking a bit irritated.

"What are you doing out here? The presentation is just about to start!"

"Miss Andrews... I... I just have to..."

"No time for messing about now, this is one of the most important meetings all year and our presentation will be crucial for the goodwill amongst our clients! Now, I've been preparing the ground for you here but you still have to do your part, and I expect you to be at your absolute best. I know you have it in you, now don't make me disappointed!"

Hannah was trapped between a rock and a hard place. She just had to convince her stern boss to slip in to the bathroom first. She had to, she was bursting, almost wetting herself right there, standing with her knees bent trying not to make it obvious how close she was to her absolute limit.

"Yes, yes, I will, I am totally prepared, Miss Andrews. But I really have to...." she cut herself off as a giant spasm flowed through her body, just about causing her bladder to totally give in. She curtsied down, making the thin cotton of her skirt stretch over her lovely legs. Katherine became so horny at the mere sight but also knew she had the rightful mandate to urge Hannah into the conference room without a break. It actually was an important moment for the company and she wanted things to go well. Of course, knowing the possibility of Hannah's failure and very public humiliation, Katherine was prepared to take over if things were to turn out for the worse during the presentation. Or for the better.

"Whatever it is that you have to do, it'll just have to wait until after the presentation. You've had fifteen minutes to take care of any personal business. Now come with me, our clients are waiting. Everything should be set up so that you only have to get right into it."

Katherine walked away, assured that her cute disciple wouldn't have the nerve to disobey, knowing the weight of this event. Hannah felt like crying but managed to somewhat keep her composure and followed her boss with small, small steps. It was impossible but she had to do it. Her whole career had in a way led up to this very moment. 

"She wants me to wet myself, this cannot be a coincidence! All the bathrooms are locked, she knows I'm bursting and yet she's making me go in there. But I'm not gonna let her have that. When I've done my bit, I'm gonna run to the bathroom even if she disapproves. She can't scold me if I've done my job! I just have to hold it in during the presentation."

Hannah thought about all the available holding strategies and convinced herself that she could do it, if only because she had to. Not only would it mark a career goal for her, but also a personal achievement in enduring such a massive desperation. If Katherine was the culprit behind all this, then the perfect revenge would be getting through the presentation without showing off her need and then make it to the toilet, thus depriving her boss the gloat of her humiliation. She conjured up all her strength to try and act unbothered and professional while keeping the ever-growing reservoir of urine inside of her.

They entered the conference hall and people looked at Hannah as she sheepishly approached the front stage. On her left was one of the sales representatives, John, who was supposed to interject about halfway through with some additional information regarding the project they were presenting. Hannah seated herself at the front of the room beside John and Katherine took the stage to do the prefacing of the presentation.

"I hope everyone is refreshed after the well-deserved break." Katherine started. "Now for the next two hours we will go through some of the in-house strategies..."

Hannah was hardly listening. She sat with her hands gripping the sides of the seat and her legs tightly held together, concentrating all her attention on not disclosing her desperate situation. All the morning coffee was obviously still working overtime, effectively pushing the abilities of her bladder further and further by the minute. Soon she began squirming around and couldn't help but sporting an increasingly worried expression on her cute face.

Katherine droned on and on. After ten minutes Hannah was starting to shift around on the seat, discreetly placing her hand on her thigh, trying to grant herself a discreet hold through her skirt but she was in plain view of anyone in the room who looked her way so she couldn't really go through with it.

"Why is she taking so long?!" Hannah thought, "She knows I'm bursting! She's doing this on purpose! She really IS trying to make me have an accident!"

Katherine's introduction carried on for over twenty minutes and when she finally wound it up some hands in the audience flew up. Hannah silently whined as she realised it wasn't over yet, twisting her ankles around each other while gripping the front of the chair. Suddenly she cramped and a wave of pain shot through her body, causing her to instinctively grab her crotch to prevent what would otherwise be a spurt of pee. She clenched her thighs together as hard as she could while forcing the hand away to her knee instead. John couldn't help but look her way with an annoyed glance, wondering why the new girl couldn't sit still.

After almost ten additional minutes of questions, none of which Hannah had been able to take notice, Katherine finally stepped aside to let her assistant take over with her first major assignment at the company. Hannah was panicking though, only minutes ago she almost ended up flooding the seat and now she was to face a sea of businessmen and businesswomen, trying to act professional and collected. She just had to go to the toilet first, there was no option!

"Miss Andrews, please, I have to..." she whispered to her approaching boss as quietly as she could but was immediately interrupted by Katherine who obviously hadn't heard Hannah's whisper.

"So there, it's your turn to show what we're made of, Hannah!" Katherine said to her and urged her onto the middle of the floor while stepping out in the audience. The schedule was tensely packed and there was no room for delay or interruption and Hannah knew it. All these people have squeezed their attendance into their busy calendars to listen to Hannah sum up the upcoming marketing strategies at this very moment. If she left the room now, she'd be fired, for sure.

Everyone in the room was expecting the presentation to roll on smoothly so Hannah had little choice but to commence with her assignment. She produced her notes and began speaking.

"My name is Hannah and I'm going to present the marketing strategies for the upcoming year." The waistband of her tight pencil skirt cut right into her tummy, pushing all the urine harder and harder onto her tired holding muscles. She couldn't help fidgeting a bit while pressing her knees hard together as she carried on with her opening statements.

After about five minutes her next part was done and John briefly took over with some sales talk. Hannah eased to the side and tried to keep her hands behind her back and legs as tightly held together as humanly possible.

While John did his thing, Hannah could barely stand still. She pressed her thighs together while biting her lip and kept looking at the clock, urging it to move faster so she could finally be released from this nightmare. After about five minutes of quiet desperation she started bending her knee over the other, squeezing her thighs together really hard while fighting to keep her hands behind her back, trying to look unbothered. Katherine had her eyes glued on her beautiful assistant, standing there in front of all these people and holding back all that urine while pretending not to. It was so hot to behold her silent struggle. Hannah's tight pencil skirt moved along with the leg movements, adding even more sensuality to the display. 

A sudden urge caused Hannah to bend forward slightly and really squeeze her legs together and finally give in to the urge of taking her hands from behind the back and press them onto her thighs. It felt like all the pent up urine was just about entering her panties and only with all her available strength along with the external holding aid could she prevent it. She remained in that awkward position for about ten seconds, her left knee skewed across her right and her left hand firmly gripping her thigh while her right was balled up in a fist along her side, standing rock still and breathing shallowly while concentrating so hard to not wet herself. Katherine watched intensely, expecting to see a dark wet patch emerging on the front of her tight stretched skirt at any moment.

After about ten minutes of John injecting his bit into the presentation, Hannah had to pick it up again. She carefully stepped forward with awkwardly small steps trying to keep her legs tightly together all the time. She tried to concentrate on her presentation.

"Now if we look at some of the trends during the previous years we can see that some of the services we provided have been outdated over time..."

Her voice was sounding rather stressed by now. As she spoke and gestured at the blow-up screen she tried her hardest to stand still but it was becoming impossible. 

Five minutes into her second round she started cramping, causing her to momentarily lose trace of her words.

"...this has led to the... emergence of... of... of new kinds of services..."

She was in so much pain, the skirt waistband felt like a big iron shackle pressing onto her poor bladder. Her pee muscles could hardly contain her ocean anymore and she couldn't stand still to save her life.

"Our service providing has been... h-has been among the t-top ten during recent years..."

Hannah soldiered on, fidgeting as discreetly as she could, rubbing her one knee over the other as she carried on with her presentation She stuttered and slipped on the words on every second sentence with a gasp as the painful cramps arrived more and more frequently. Katherine watched in deep suspense, wondering how long it would be now.

Five more minutes of fidgeting and stuttering, Hannah was at the end of her tether but she still had about half an hour to go before she was finished. She made a gargantuan effort to pinch her legs together and stand still, sucking in air and prepared for her next row of sentences as a new slide appeared on the big screen.

"As... er, as you can see on the graph here, our main target audiences are... oh god...!"

Hannah instinctively crossed her legs hard as she experienced a major pang of pain, forcing her bladder to momentarily contract and release a big spurt through her panties and streaking down her pantyhose. She tried to remain calm but was clearly failing and she could only hope that it came across as nervousness.

She bit her lip and breathed shallowly for a moment while keeping her legs crossed to try and regain control. Katherine studied her every movement carefully. She noticed the dark streaks down Hannah's legs and started to feel really horny and began rubbing her own thighs against each other to excite her lady parts. Twenty-five minutes to go, will she make it?

"... um, sorry about that". Hannah picked up where she had stumbled. She uncrossed her legs but held them tight together, trying to stand still.

"Like I said, our main target audiences are constituting about 13 % of the estimated population." she continued, but it only took a few seconds before she unwillingly started to squirm around again, slowly rubbing her thighs and knees against each other. 

She continued through with the presentation and kept on stumbling over some of the words. She spoke more or less on autopilot now since all of her attention was on not wetting herself and in addition trying not to show it. The latter was not going so well though. She hotched around on the spot, bending her knees over each other in short turns. Just about twenty minutes to go, she had to make it!

"...the economics of all this sh-shows that... that we can b-be..aaaaah!!" 

Another painwave flushed through her body, causing a second-long gusher to burst into her panties and pantihose, making additional streaks down her clenched legs. She curtseyed slightly and squeezed her right thigh over her left, tightly gripping her side with her right hand. Katherine became hornier and hornier at the sight of the struggling girl.

Hannah held her breath for a couple of seconds before regaining control.

"Sorry, this is my first presentation, I-I'm a bit n-nervous over this" she stammered, hoping her excuse would be bought. There was only the economics of the project to and a brief summary to get over with now. She had to make it, she simply had to.

"It shows that we can be investing our revenue in p-projects like f-for instance the ones showed here" she continued while gesturing at the screen. Her voice became more and more stressed and her heart began to race as she felt her control starting to slip away. Katherine watched in tense anticipation.

She skipped over her writings without even knowing what she was saying, panting anxiously between words and stammered like a little schoolgirl who had just learned to read. She pinched her thighs together as tight as she could as she felt her pee muscles about to give in.

"...previous investments... has p-proven to... proven to be v-very successful i-in... in these specific a-areas..."

The cramps started creeping up on her. Her bladder pulsated violently, she rhythmically squeezed her thighs harder and harder.

"The... the accounting d-department h-has laid out their a.... their analysis on thi-this..."

It hurt, it hurt so badly. Her bladder throbbed, her body cramped, she pressed her legs together for all she was worth.

"...and the prognosis shows... the annual... annual cost is... oh.... the annual cost is estimated to god oh no please no nononoNONONOOOOO!!!!"

PSSSSSSSSSSCCCHHHHH

It was over.

The wave of pain that flowed through poor Hannah's body during her last sentence was too unbearable. Her bladder had had enough and contracted violently, forcing the pee out in total abandon with a loud hiss.

SSSSSSSSSSSCCCHHHHH

She bent her right leg over her left as tightly as she could but it was no good. It only forced the gusher forward over her thighs, instantly soaking the front of her tight skirt which guided the pee down in a waterfall drizzling from the hem, all in addition to the rivers of pee simultaneously splashing down and around her legs, saturating her pantihose.

SSSSSCCCHHHHH

"OHGODNOOOOOOPLEASENOOOOOOOO!!!!!" she cried as her skirt and legs got wetter and wetter by the second. Pee went everywhere, partly due to her crouching down with squeezed legs and partly to her hand desperately trying to stem the flow through her skirt. This all forced it to spray around in all kinds of random directions, all collecting in a growing sea of humiliation on the floor around her in front of a room full of stunned people.

Katherine gasped for air as the mere sight of her beautiful young assistant so thoroughly wetting herself in total humiliation and despair made her come without her even touching herself. The sensation was so heavenly and she silently thanked her lucky star that her preparation had worked out so well.

Hannah was crying her eyes out, still pissing full force through her twisted legs and holding herself through her tight skirt, by now mostly dark, shiny and wet. She just wanted to die; this could not have gone any worse. After over a minute her catastrophic wetting finally decreased and she ran through the whole room crying with her face buried in her hands, leaving a trail of drips after her on the floor.

*010*2022-10-25 15:14

So here we are, five years on. As with the Laura story, I have put together an alternate ending for this one as well. It will once again be commencing from the beginning of the third and last chapter, even if it will take a little while to start deviating, but you'll notice that when you read it. In hindsight, I should have made the chapters shorter. If you're one of those who plowed through it way back when and has forgotten about it, feel free to have another go and jump directly to the alternate ending below and see what you think. Again, I've embedded it in a spoiler. Hope you'll enjoy this one!

Spoiler

"Hannah!"

An all too familiar voice called after her as she approached the toilet, forcing her to stop dead in her tracks. She saw Katherine coming towards her looking a bit irritated.

"What are you doing out here? The presentation is just about to start!"

"Miss Andrews... I... I just have to..."

"No time for messing about now, this is one of the most important meetings all year and our presentation will be crucial for the goodwill amongst our clients! Now, I've been preparing the ground for you here but you still have to do your part, and I expect you to be at your absolute best. I know you have it in you, now don't make me disappointed!"

Hannah was trapped between a rock and a hard place. She just had to convince her stern boss to slip in to the bathroom first. She had to, she was bursting, almost wetting herself right there, standing with her knees bent trying not to make it obvious how close she was to her absolute limit.

"Yes, yes, I will, I am totally prepared, Miss Andrews. But I really have to...." she cut herself off as a giant spasm flowed through her body, just about causing her bladder to totally give in. She curtsied down, making the thin cotton of her skirt stretch over her lovely legs. Katherine became so horny at the mere sight but also knew she had the rightful mandate to urge Hannah into the conference room without a break. It was actually an important moment for the company and she wanted things to go well. Of course, knowing the possibility of Hannah's failure and very public humiliation, Katherine was prepared to take over if things were to turn out for the worse during the presentation. Or for the better.

"Whatever it is that you have to do, it'll just have to wait until after the presentation. You've had fifteen minutes to take care of any personal business. Now come with me, our clients are waiting. Everything should be set up so that you only have to get right into it."

Katherine walked away, assured that her cute disciple wouldn't have the nerve to disobey, knowing the weight of this event. Hannah felt like crying but managed to somewhat keep her composure and followed her boss with small, small steps. It was impossible but she had to do it. Her whole career had in a way led up to this very moment.

"She wants me to wet myself, this cannot be a coincidence! All the bathrooms are locked, she knows I'm bursting and yet she's making me go in there. But I'm not gonna let her have that. When I've done my bit, I'm gonna run to the bathroom even if she disapproves. She can't scold me if I've done my job! I just have to hold it in during the presentation."

Hannah thought about all the available holding strategies and convinced herself that she could do it, if only because she had to. Not only would it mark a career goal for her, but also a personal achievement in enduring such a massive desperation. If Katherine was the culprit behind all this, then the perfect revenge would be getting through the presentation without showing off her need and then make it to the toilet, thus depriving her boss the gloat of her humiliation. She conjured up all her strength to try and act unbothered and professional while keeping the ever-growing reservoir of urine inside of her.

They entered the conference hall and people looked at Hannah as she sheepishly approached the front stage. On her left was one of the sales representatives, John, who was supposed to interject about halfway through with some additional information regarding the project they were presenting. Hannah seated herself at the front of the room beside John and Katherine took the stage to do the prefacing of the presentation.

"I hope everyone is refreshed after the well-deserved break." Katherine started. "Now for the next two hours we will go through some of the in-house strategies..."

Hannah was hardly listening. She sat with her hands gripping the sides of the seat and her legs tightly held together, concentrating all her attention on not disclosing her desperate situation. All the morning coffee was obviously still working overtime, effectively pushing the abilities of her bladder further and further by the minute. Soon she began squirming around and couldn't help but sporting an increasingly worried expression on her cute face.

Katherine droned on and on. After ten minutes Hannah was starting to shift around on the seat, discreetly placing her hand on her thigh, trying to grant herself a discreet hold through her skirt but she was in plain view of anyone in the room who looked her way so she couldn't really go through with it.

"Why is she taking so long?!" Hannah thought, "She knows I'm bursting! She's doing this on purpose! She really IS trying to make me have an accident!"

Katherine's introduction carried on for over twenty minutes and when she finally wound it up some hands in the audience flew up. Hannah silently whined as she realised it wasn't over yet, twisting her ankles around each other while gripping the front of the chair. Suddenly she cramped and a wave of pain shot through her body, causing her to instinctively grab her crotch to prevent what would otherwise be a spurt of pee. She clenched her thighs together as hard as she could while forcing the hand away to her knee instead. John couldn't help but look her way with an annoyed glance, wondering why the new girl couldn't sit still.

After almost ten additional minutes of questions, none of which Hannah had been able to take notice, Katherine finally stepped aside to let her assistant take over with her first major assignment at the company. Hannah was panicking though, only minutes ago she almost ended up flooding the seat and now she was to face a sea of businessmen and businesswomen, trying to act professional and collected. She just had to go to the toilet first, there was no option!

"Miss Andrews, please, I have to..." she whispered to her approaching boss as quietly as she could but was immediately interrupted by Katherine who obviously hadn't heard Hannah's whisper.

"So there, it's your turn to show what we're made of, Hannah!" Katherine said to her and urged her onto the middle of the floor while stepping out in the audience. The schedule was tensely packed and there was no room for delay or interruption and Hannah knew it. All these people have squeezed their attendance into their busy calendars to listen to Hannah sum up the upcoming marketing strategies at this very moment. If she left the room now, she'd be fired, for sure.

Everyone in the room was expecting the presentation to roll on smoothly so Hannah had little choice but to commence with her assignment. She produced her notes and began speaking.

"My name is Hannah and I'm going to present the marketing strategies for the upcoming year." The waistband of her tight pencil skirt cut right into her tummy, pushing all the urine harder and harder onto her tired holding muscles. She couldn't help fidgeting a bit while pressing her knees hard together as she carried on with her opening statements.

After about five minutes her next part was done and John briefly took over with some sales talk. Hannah eased to the side and tried to keep her hands behind her back and legs as tightly held together as humanly possible.

While John did his thing, Hannah could barely stand still. She pressed her thighs together while biting her lip and kept looking at the clock, urging it to move faster so she could finally be released from this nightmare. After about five minutes of quiet desperation she started bending her knee over the other, squeezing her thighs together really hard while fighting to keep her hands behind her back, trying to look unbothered. Katherine had her eyes glued on her beautiful assistant, standing there in front of all these people and holding back all that urine while pretending not to. It was so hot to behold her silent struggle. Hannah's tight pencil skirt moved along with the leg movements, adding even more sensuality to the display.

A sudden urge caused Hannah to bend forward slightly and really squeeze her legs together and finally give in to the urge of taking her hands from behind the back and press them onto her thighs. It felt like all the pent up urine was just about entering her panties and only with all her available strength along with the external holding aid could she prevent it. She remained in that awkward position for about ten seconds, her left knee skewed across her right and her left hand firmly gripping her thigh while her right was balled up in a fist along her side, standing rock still and breathing shallowly while concentrating so hard to not wet herself. Katherine watched intensely, expecting to see a dark wet patch emerging on the front of her tight stretched skirt at any moment.

But just then, John suddenly had some issue with the computer with which he displayed his slides. The program inexplicably shut down and refused to start up again and when he tried to reboot he received the proverbial blue screen of death.

“Damnit, this computer is apparently toast. Could we get another one? The presentation material is saved onto a network drive so it can be accessed from anywhere.”

The sudden interruption made Hannah’s heart flutter with increasing hope.

“I could go get mine”, John’s colleague chipped in, “but it will take a moment since I have it in my office upstairs.”

“That would be splendid, I think we can afford a little break in the proceedings anyway.”

OH YES! Hannah seized her chance, braced herself and took a deep breath:

“Is it alright if I slip off to the bathroom real quick then?” she enquired nervously, deliberately addressing John rather than Katherine who by now was steaming up inside with frustration.

“Sure, we can take 10 minutes for a comfort break.” John replied casually while packing up the malfunctioning computer that had just ruined Katherine’s day.

“Oh, thank you!!” Hannah replied breathlessly and squrried out of the meeting hall, somewhat hunched over and taking small small steps, trying to keep her legs together at all times. She felt the pee about to pour out past her exhausted spinchter and her bladder hurt like absolute hell and she couldn't even keep her body straight. Right outside the door, she had to stop and cross her legs hard as she felt a fatal spasm inside her abdomen. She held her breath for a moment and continued towards the bathrooms. She had to make it, now that she had been thrown a lifeline against all odds. Oh please, don’t be occupied, please! That would absolutely mean the end. She knew she had only seconds to spare before the inevitable.

Katherine had had no chance of throwing in a veto against the flukey break, not unless she was prepared to defend her irrational strictness in front of her colleagues. There was simply no reasonable rationale for preventing Hannah from taking advantage of the momentary hiccup in the presentation and leave for a fully adequate toilet break. Things had been shaping up so well, Hannah was so obviously reaching the end of the line, about to totally soak her figure-hugging pencil skirt in front of everyone, and now she got away at the very last minute. This isn’t fair!

Katherine sighed and decided that if nothing else, she might as well head to the bathroom herself as she was ever so slightly feeling the need. She walked out in the hallway towards the lobby and as she approached the toilet she caught sight of her pretty blonde assistant hobbling in through the main door to the stalls of which just one was open for use. A slight glimmer of hope arose in her sadistic mind; there could still be a queue. Katherine advanced towards the door, paused for a brief second before opening it as she immediately made out a very distressed panting going on on the other side…

As she entered the bathroom, she was greeted with the sight of poor Hannah standing doubled over with crossed legs, bouncing up and down and both her hands shoved in between them through her tightly stretched skirt. In front of Hannah were two things: another woman and an occupied toilet stall. Katherine couldn’t believe it. Her heart rate immediately increased and she bit her lip in anticipation.

Meanwhile, Hannah, who had just encountered her worst fear, was all red in the face and couldn’t help but sob in total despair. Her lifeline had been untied at the other end. She was so very absolutely about to totally piss herself just inches from the toilet! That broken computer gave her one last glimmer of hope, and it was all for naught. This was so unfair!!!

The woman in front turned around, obviously startled by Hannah’s desperate display. Hannah was bent over, still with her legs crossed and suddenly she felt a spurt escape, forcing its way out between her thighs. She gasped and immediately felt another one, this time running down the back of her legs all the way down past the hem of her skirt, making visible traces on her pantyhose. Katherine stood by the door, watching with anticipation and a heart rate approaching motorway speed.

“Please….” Hannah uttered in between sobs, “please, can I go ahead of you? I… I really am about to….OH!!!!”

Another burst, this time powerful enough to ever so slightly soak through on the back of her tight skirt. She shifted her crossed legs over and went back to doubling over, pressing on her peehole for all she was worth. It hurt so much, her abdomen burning with pain, an ocean’s worth of urine starting to force itself out between her crossed legs.

“Please…..”

Say no, say no, say no, Katherine silently implored the woman.

“Oh, oh… yeah, of course you can.” the woman replied, by now clearly aware of the absolute emergency that unfolded before her. Her heart almost melted at the sight of poor Hannah’s pleading red face, and her bent-over posture and leg gymnastics only amplified the utter severeness of the situation. Thusly, she stepped aside and let Hannah hobble towards the toilet.

But that very toilet was still in use and its door still locked. Hannah started pounding her palm against it while still trying to clamp off yet another spurt, all hunched over and pressing her other hand through her skirt as deep as it could possibly go between her legs. By now there would definitely be a tell-tale patch on the front of the poor skirt.

“Please hurry, please please please!!!!!” Hannah whined while wiggling her tightly crossed legs from side to side and supporting herself with the other hand against the door.

“Oh pleeeease!!!!!!”

Katherine watched intensely. Please take time, don’t hurry, don’t be done yet!

Then – the toilet flushed. Hannah froze up, eyes wide open in shock, leaning on the doorpost with her legs intertwined and her hand buried in between them, all but totally frozen in place while panting in total panic.

“Oh no…..”

Somehow she managed to press her crossed legs together even more while slowly crouching down before the still locked door.

“…no…..please no….”

Katherine zoned in on the back of Hannah’s skirt as she slowly crouched down.

Please happen!

She was eagerly awaiting a literal monsoon to rain through the tight skirt material stretched over Hannah’s bottom.

Please happen!

Still no sign of the door opening.

A giant spasm. Hannah felt her exhausted muscles give way for the ocean of urine.

"...........no..."

This was it – Katherine would get her wish.

Then a rustle from the door lock and another woman opened up, somewhat irritated but it immediately dawned upon her the reason for all the commotion. In a split second, Hannah freed herself from her rigour and almost fell into the cubicle, slamming the door around her. Piss had already started to advance through her sphinchter but she miraculously managed to tear down her tight skirt along with her pantyhose in one go while lowering herself onto the toilet. Her panties were still in place though as a massive gusher sprayed through them into the bowl. Her abdomen was pulsating, almost as if she was in labour, rhythmically pressing out the urine in massive bursts giving absolutely no quarter.

Finally after about 20 seconds she managed to get her panties out of the way and she could relax and let the piss roar into the bowl. She had never ever been so incredibly desperate in her whole life, not even those times she actually had wet herself in the end. It hissed and sprayed incessantly as she sat there panting, hardly even believing where she was after a whole afternoon of being denied a toilet. It went on and on for about 2 minutes before her bladder finally was empty.

The realization dawned upon her just how incredibly lucky she was despite having just showered her panties in urine, because that initial gusher would have commenced then and exactly then, not one second later, regardless of whether she had been on a toilet or not, whether she would have had her clothes out of the way or still firmly on, whether she would even had been within reach of a toilet or – horror – still in the meeting hall! A pair of ruined panties was a small price to pay in the grand scheme of things. She had to take a moment to get herself together.

“Hannah! Our break is over, we have to get back to the presentation now!”

A knock on the door followed by the announcement of her boss shook Hannah back to reality. She took off her soaked panties and discarded them in the bin and then examined her pantyhose and skirt. The former definitely had streaks in them but they were already drying out, and the spots on the latter were hardly noticeable as they were. She had survived by a thin hair and shuddered at the thought of having to wait for that other woman, or even worse, having to endure the rest of the session without the break! Thank God for malfunctioning computers!

She returned to the meeting hall and suppressed a smirk when passing Katherine who was suppressing her own emotions after ultimately having been denied witnessing her beautiful assistant having a massive accident. After John completed his part of the presentation with the aid of his colleague’s computer, Hannah proceeded with the remainder of her part with renewed confidence. Her grudge notwithstanding, Katherine couldn’t help but feeling proud of her young disciple performing so well with her presentation, after all.

That was nothing compared to Hannah’s own feelings though, not only having gotten through her most important professional endeavour yet, but having survived her most desperate ordeal ever with literally no margin. But she would definitely be on the watchout for Katherine’s shenanigans from now on.

*012*2022-11-03 20:04

{{On 10/30/2022 at 5:50 AM, themoreguy said:

I am Katherine. I just gotta say, I am very sorry for what I did to my client. I wish I could turn back time and prevent this.

I have quit my job since then and became an inventor. I plan to invent a time machine in order to stop this wetting from happening. Looking forward to the alternate ending!

}}

In case you haven't already noticed, the ending is obscured in a spoiler in the previous post. Perhaps I should have been clearer about it.


