Arduous Adventures and Strenuous Situations

Author: ar ar ar

*000*2024-10-19 22:39

This is the first entry of a fantasy based series centered around 4 adventurers and the shenanigans and scenarios they find themselves in on their adventures and battles. I hope to be able to continue this series for a good while, and hopefully you lot like it.

Disclaimer; Some of the upcoming entries will have poop desperation and messing content, so if that's not for you, then you've been warned.

Introductions - Jenari:

Subdued sunlight came through the curtains as Jenari reluctantly shuffled out of her bed. She smiled to herself as she couldn’t help her thoughts drifting to what the day had in store for her. Today she’d finally see her three old friends from her early adventuring days when they were still just dumb kids. They were all more established young adults by now, Jen being 24 herself. The plan was for them to have some new adventures for old times’ sake. She threw off her short blue nightgown onto the chair adorned with the rest of the last few days of attire. Having a brief pause in front of her full length mirror, she gave a few quick poses and flexed her arms and back while outstretching her right leg, you know, just to make sure all the right muscles still exist, just as they did yesterday morning.

She glazed over her features. Her light green orcish skin with the occasional birthmarks scattered about her body. Looking up and down at her well-built 6’8 stature and the muscles she’d worked so hard to maintain, though not at the expense of her womanly curvature - nothing wrong with having a little extra padding on top she thought to herself. She had long shapely legs, large muscular and well padded thighs. Her abs much the same, obvious but slightly padded by natural tummy, and met by big enough firm round breasts that lay above them. Slightly lower down she had a completely hairless pussy that puffed out a little due to her bodybuilding. Her arms however were the most well toned and largely muscular part about her, and she took any excuse to keep them on show. She twirled round halfway to glance at her perfectly mapped out back muscles. She also had a large but firm ass on her too.

“Yeah, great worthy champion protector of Ardenford, I fuckin think so.” Jen said while admiring her reflection.

She took pride in her strength and muscularity but also elegance and womanly features, although she knew today would remind her that she’s not the most well-endowed warrior of the city for long. She quickly assembled her clothing and gear and put on each piece. Mostly hardened padded leather with steel linings on her layered cuirass that complemented her curves going in at the waist but not restricting her too much, and a few small plates across the knee-length armoured skirt which stopped at each thigh and instead had a length of thick, ribboned red fabric draped in front of her bare pussy. She put on her blue-lined cuffed black fingerless gloves and boots, which had layered metal plates strapped on top. Her boulder shoulders and large biceps, as most days, were left on show.

She went through her morning routine of breakfast, and a quick few press-ups and sit-ups to get herself fully awake and going. She entered her washroom and looked in her face-height mirror above her basin.

“Oh shit, bed hair still, duh.” as she got to brushing her mid-back length dark brunette locks.

She had a fuller face with strong cheekbones and a small rounded off chin, and two small orcish tusk teeth that poked out and rose to just above her upper lip. Her eyes; a beautiful shade of deep sea blue.

As she headed towards her door, she picked up her weapon within its harnessed sheath. Although she was proficient with a great assortment of weapons, she favoured her mid-length two handed battleaxe. Just before strapping it to her back, she felt a strained notification come from within her abdomen.

“Mmmm, gotta piss- how are you gonna forget to piss before the walk to the inn.” she said to herself as she slightly bent her legs inwards, shoving her butt out a bit while placing down the axe.

She went back to the washroom to her toilet. She was one of not many citizens of Ardenford who had one. Jenari’s status as a champion protector; a wandering sheriff, of the city had granted her access to a few upgrades with her accommodation. The city’s sewer and plumbing system was also quite advanced, given the state of some other places, although some neighbouring locations had caught on as well.

She picked up the edges of her armoured skirt, and placed herself down on her throne of relief. She reached under the red fabric curtain on the front of her skirt and slightly parted her soft labia befo- hissing erupted from her hole. A thin but persistent line of urine burst out and rumbled noisily against the water below her. She breathed out one heavy exhale as she realised it was indeed more of a relief than she’d expected. After a minute, her stream died down to a few drops and stopped.

“Damn, that was fucking lovely.” She flushed it down and got back up.

She strapped the axe onto her back and opened her front door, greeted by the busy but joyful neighbourhood and smooth cobblestone market streets. The sun was shining down, the light catching the leaves of the trees that lined the road towards the town centre. She’d have to get to the other side of the city to the agreed upon meeting place. But she knew the place more than well enough and still had a few hours before her friends would be here. She started her walk, greeted by friendly faces she’d either saved the lives of or taken the odd bounties from. Towards the Fighting Lion Inn she strode.

Introductions - Malin:

Malin sat there in the opulent comfortable carriage, opposite her boss and friend of many years. He was the head of a house of nobility and Malin was his personal bodyguard, as well as drinking partner during easier occasions. Both of them, dwarves.

“Well I hope you have a good time seeing those old friends again. I believe we’re nearly about to pass that inn you said they’d be at.” The older male said.

“Yes, it’s been a while. They’ve made names for themselves while we’ve been dispersed, but I doubt any of us have changed much. And thank you for dropping me off, Varius.” replied Malin.

“Ah no no, don’t mention it, we were having the council meeting here either way, just a good coincidence. I shall miss your company by my side, lovely.”

“And I’ll miss you too, as much of a soppy drunkard as you can be, boss. I’m sure the next bodyguard will be just as good as I.”

Varius looked out the carriage window at the bustling market streets. “Aye, I hear what he lacks in experience he makes up for in strength and training. Apparently he’s even younger than you.”

Malin looked surprised, “What is he, a bloody kid? I’m only 75, and so far I was the youngest bodyguard you took on when I started.”

Indeed Malin was still very young for a dwarf. She had a youthful animated face with a good hardy strong dwarven nose and brow, but otherwise soft rounded features accompanied by a shoulder length mane of dark-ish blonde hair that stayed tucked behind her large round ears. She couldn’t wait to be out and about and get to relax, and finally be free of this thick metal chestplate that was squeezing in her big plump breasts.

“We’re approaching the inn Lord Varius!” called the carriage driver.

Malin looked back up at the head of the Silverthread noble house and mining company and smiled. “Right, well good luck with your boring council meeting, and maybe I’ll see you round the town.”

Varius chuckled, “Yeah, yeah. Ehh, knowing Chancellor Arinore, it should be quite easygoing, plus there’s a big banquet tomorrow evening which I thoroughly look forward to. She’s a good strong leader and runs this place well, but doesn’t take the whole nobility thing or herself too seriously. However, I dread having to make polite chit chat with the ponces that do, haha!”

The carriage came to a stop. Malin opened the door herself and hopped down onto the neatly cobbled road. “It’s been a pleasure and an honour, boss. Awaiting your dismissal.” She said taking a final look at her friend and mentor.

“No, you’re not allowed, you’re contract says tha - ah I’m just fuckin around. You are relieved of your station.” He chuckled and smiled back to her.

This wasn’t the only relief she was waiting for though, as the long carriage ride with no stops for three hours had slowly been taking its toll on her now rather full bladder. She took subtle little steps in place from foot to foot.

“Thank you boss. I hope we cross paths soon enough again.”

The carriage started moving again away from the stout curvaceous steel-clad young woman. “Oh, and make sure the newby can match your drinking!” she shouted as a final parting.

“Aye you know it!” her old friend shouted back from the carriage window, giving a wave as he finally went out of sight, driven round the corner of a grocers.

Malin hurriedly made her way inside the inn, slightly fanning her legs in and out which twisted her short meaty thighs, looking around for the woman she was supposed to meet here. How hard could it be to spot a big tall half-orc? But also scanning the place for the facilities to get rid of the piss that had been sloshing around inside her for hours.

Introductions - Lilyrael & Veloria:

Along the small back streets of Ardenford, Lilyrael rested nonchalantly against the opening of a overshadowed secluded alleyway. However her glistening amber eyes told a different tale as they darted vigilantly up and down the street every few seconds.

“Vel, be quick, I can hear voices round the corner.” She snapped in a hushed tone behind her down the alley.

“Given my state, things are going quickly as they can!” Veloria replied back with.

Vel looked down at her exposed huge, arctic blue thighs as she pressed her impressively large round buttocks onto the wall behind her, leaning back squatted over a drain grate. She held her thin baggy trousers and thong out the way as finally- an immense untameable torrent of boiling piss burst forth from her lightly stubbled pussy.

“Oooohhh by the divines, I could NOT hold this any longer,Lily.” She said while panting deeply from sheer relief.

Her stream full blast, spluttered on the bars of the drain, lightly splashing the bottom of her dark leather boots. The dropping piss splashing down and echoing round the sewer tunnel a few metres beneath her.

Lily, taken aback by the powerful hissing and splashing she could hear behind her, “Dayum Vel, I thought you had a smaller bladder, that’s a fucking gusher.”

The short bombastically curvaceous arctic blue tiefling was too preoccupied with relief to care to respond. Her stream turned into a small dribble after about 35 seconds of complete high-pressure. She just waited a few seconds to regain herself before pulling back up her baggy blue, black, and orange lined trousers that fit surprisingly snuggly over her great thighs and ass. She was 5’3 and had always been on the curvier side. But out of the two women, she was the designated sneakier one, which sometimes required some prolonged acrobatics. She had perfectly toned and surprisingly muscular abs, given the rest of her. Her legs were huge.

Both soft and jiggly, but quite a mass of strength underneath. And she had an impressive ass that followed suit in that regard. This gave her a ridiculous waist-to-hips ratio. While her abs were perfect, and arms were built enough, her chest was amazingly different; two great large breasts, that thanks to her core strength maintenance, stayed quite perky. She had a somewhat goofy, nerdy look to her smile and facial features, mostly rounded with cheekbones just peeking out, a small sloped nose, and a slightly pointed chin. The pupils of her eyes were a deep orange, surrounded by a naturally dark void. She had her long thick ashen white hair kept out of her face.Two braids at either side that all met and collected the rest of her hair into one thick braid that stopped at her lower back. And finally two slim ribbed horns that arched and twisted like and infant dragon’s just above her head - a darker blue shade at the bottom which turned into a paler bone-like beige.

“Okay you really need to come on now, two guards are patrolling and coming this way!” Lily blurted to hurry her friend.

“Yeah, it’s okay, I’m done. Coming.” Vel obstinately huffed out back to her.

Veloria emerged from the alley to join Lily as they started to walk towards the more open busy roads and market stalls. Lilyrael was the most naturally athletic of all the friends. She was an elegant, fit looking half-elf with a tanned complexion. An all-round slender build with good legs, a pert round butt that managed to show through the thick layer of fabric draped covering the back of her legs, with a slightly less wide drape at the front of her, leaving the full length of her athletic thighs to be seen from the side of the front.

Her arms were pretty much equal to Veloria’s. A slim waist, and while she was the least endowed within her friends, her breasts were still noticeably round and perky. Her facial features were slender and elegant with a slim sloped nose that rounded off to a small button. Her cheeks were also adorned with sparkling, almost metallic brassy freckles that glistened in the right light. Lily kept her long thick auburn hair in a high ponytail that flared out as it draped down, a few shorter strands at the front still free, tucked behind her pointed ears.

“Why didn’t you piss while we were still up in the hills when I went? That sounded urgent.” asked Lily.

“It really was. But when you were done, that huge line of pilgrims came wandering through. Even if I'd been out of view, they’d definitely have heard me. I thought maybe I could hold it ‘til we got to the Fighting Lion… I was wrong.” Vel admitted a little embarrassed.

“Yeah, you were practically dancing, shuffling along as we were approaching the city gate.”

The duo got out into the more sunlit open town centre, met by stalls of fresh meats, groceries, fish, liquors, hunting supplies, you name it. They noticed something odd though.

Lily interjected, “What’s up with the amount of guard presence?”

“No clue. Oh I suppose there's the Ardenford festival getting close. Could be that. That’s why most of the alleys have open drainage grates. Cus’ ya know… a lot of drinking and merriness leads to a lot of public urination. It’s the only time the guards are told to turn a blind eye to people using the grates, because at least it goes straight to the sewer.”

“Eehh it’s still a little while away though. But that is true. Do quite love that rule, very handy. But as you said; ONLY during the festival dates - hence me having to keep watch for you back there.” Lily reminded her already blushing friend.

“Anyway, I think this is the street that has the inn along it… Yeah, look down there!” Lily pointed down the long road at the inn’s sign as an ornately decorated carriage turned by them.

The two excitedly picked up their pace as they walked towards the place they’d finally see their old friends at after nearly 5 years apart.

*001*2024-10-19 22:48

Chapter 1 coming soon-ish hopefully. Hope the read has been enjoyable so far.

*002*2024-10-19 22:54

This is the series I started with requests and suggestions originally from this post:

$/105360-fantasy-adventurers-story-idea-please-throw-in-some-requests/

*005*2024-10-20 14:52

{{2 minutes ago, Caraxes said:

Well-written start! Curious to see where things go

}}

Thanks! I've got both chapter 1 and 2 planned out at least. But also a busy week, so may take a little while.

