I Will Not Text In The Girls' Room (A Family Ties Fanfic)

Author: Arnold

*000*2021-03-15 01:11

I will not text in the girls’ room.

I will not text in the girls’ room.

I will not text in the girls’ room.

I will not text in the girls’ room.

As the clock in the detention room at Harding High School slowly approaches 5:00 PM, Mallory sits there writing -- and writing and writing and writing. Mallory had been at it for over 3 hours now -- ever since the pretty and popular senior brunette was caught during 7th period earlier this afternoon.

I will not text in the girls’ room.

I will not text in the girls’ room.

To say the least, Mallory finds the task at hand tedious and boring. Her butt feels numb sitting in one place so long. He legs feel like they’re asleep. Her hand and even her entire arm hurt from the repetitive motion of writing the same sentence over and over and over again. And not only did Mallory have to pee but she needed to go to the bathroom for the other reason as well.

I will not text in the girls’ room.

I will not text in the girls’ room.

Mallory continues writing as she sits in the detention room with Mrs. Garret -- the only student still left now 2 hours after school. She wonders if they are going to make her sit here the whole night until she finishes her punishment. She wonders if they are going to let her take a bathroom break if they do make her sit and write all night. Because if they expect her to finish the punishment, it really is going to take all night. They hadn’t told her specifically how many times she had to write the sentence, but they had given her 20 sheets of paper and told her she needed to fill the front and back of all of them. Mallory had never been particularly good at Math -- or any other subject for that matter -- but even she could figure out that the front and back of 20 sheets of paper amounted to writing it 1,000 times!

I will not text in the girls’ room.

I will not text in the girls’ room.

The punishment droned on for Mallory. Suddenly looking up at Mrs. Garret, Mallory sees that the detention room monitor is looking back at her, shaking her head. “You know it isn’t just that you were texting in the girls’ room,” she tells Mallory, an obvious tone of disappointment in her voice, “It’s also about how you lied to Mrs. Hobart.” Mrs. Hobart is Mallory’s Chemistry teacher. But Mallory doesn’t quite understand what Mrs. Garret is telling her. She looks back at the detention room monitor puzzled. “You told Mrs. Hobart that you needed to go to the girls’ room,” Mrs. Garret then tells the senior beauty, “You said you had an emergency and couldn’t wait.”

“From what I understand you outright begged for a girls’ room pass,” Mrs. Garret continues, “You made it sound like if she didn’t let you go, you were going to have an accident right there in the Chem Lab.”

“But I guess it was a text message emergency you had,” she tells Mallory sarcastically. Mallory does kind of feel about hearing it put like that, but obviously the pretty and fashion-obsessed senior wasn’t thinking about that at the time. Mallory had always liked Mrs. Hobart as a teacher -- I mean, she did think she was a little too strict sometimes and Mallory most certainly hated Chemistry with a passion -- but Mrs. Hobart was always pleasant and never lost her temper even when students didn’t do their homework or weren’t paying attention in class. But for Mallory, text messaging about the rumored sale at the mall this coming weekend was -- quite characteristically -- a far more important subject than Chemistry.

But Mallory does point out that she really did have to go and that she really did pee in the girls’ room in addition to her text messaging. “You had an EMERGENCY to pee?” Mrs. Garrett questions her skeptically, “You had to pee so bad that you really couldn’t wait until class was over?” Reluctantly, Mallory admits that it was no real emergency and that she could have indeed easily waited to pee until later. Mrs. Garret then nods her head at Mallory. “I didn’t think so,” she tells her in a bit of a condescending tone.

As Mrs. Garret continues to lecture her, though, Mallory becomes increasingly focused on her urgent need to pee and her increasing need to go the other way as well. Whereas, it wasn’t all that urgent when she went during Chemistry class before, it most certainly is urgent now. And her need to poop, while not yet what you’d call urgent, feels like it will soon get that way. Suffice to say that Mallory was not one who was at all comfortable with pooping at school.

In fact, she had not actually done it at school since doing it twice her freshman year. And the pretty brunette is quite surprised at feeling the urge to go now here at school. Over the years, it’s typically been a regular habit of hers to poop when she gets home from school. But she suddenly realizes that at this late hour -- now 2 hours after school -- she’s typically already home and has subsequently pooped there. And the more she thinks about it, the more she remembers that the 2 times she did poop at school her freshman year, were also days when she had to stay for long detentions.

In the meantime, Mrs. Garret lectures Mallory about how unfair it is to teachers when students lie to them about needing to go to the bathroom. “You know -- you girls always want us to believe you when you say you have to go,” Mrs. Garret explains, “You get upset when teachers question you and don’t let you have a girls’ room pass when you ask for one.”

“But we only question it and deny passes because we know that you girls lie about needing to go sometimes,” the detention monitor continues, “We know that sometimes you girls just want to get out of class for a few minutes.”

“We want to believe you when you girls say you have to go -- we obviously don’t want you have an accident in class,” Mrs. Garret lectures, “But how are we supposed to know whether you’re telling the truth or not? -- How are we supposed to know if you’re only asking for a pass so you can go to the girls’ room to text message your friends?”

“When you do stuff like that you ruin it for girls who really do need to go,” she adds, “And obviously you ruin it for yourself, too.” Mallory does see her point but obviously she wasn’t thinking about that at the time. The only thing that the pretty “fashionista” was thinking about at the time was clothes shopping at the mall.

“So may I assume you now understand why what you did was wrong?” she then asks Mallory, “May I assume you’re sorry for what you did?” Mallory answers “yes” on both counts. She then asks Mallory how many sentences she’s managed to write so far. Mallory answers “232.”

“And may I assume that you’ve learned your lesson, young lady?” she asks Mallory, “And may I assume that you promise never to text in the girls’ room again?” Mallory assures her that after writing that sentence 232 times, she had indeed learned her lesson and that she will never do it again. With that, Mrs. Garret tells Mallory that she can just hand in her punishment as is and that she doesn’t have to finish it. “But do it again, young lady, and you’ll get your punishment right back,” Mrs. Garret sternly warns her, “And this time YOU WILL have to finish it.” Mallory assures her that there won’t be a “next time” as she hands in her punishment and is promptly dismissed from detention.

Mallory then heads to the girls’ room before heading home. Mallory -- being the prissy sort that she is -- is typically quite picky about what particular stall to use. But at this late hour she’s pleasantly surprised that all the stalls are immaculately clean -- the girls’ room, obviously, having just been cleaned for the night. It’s so clean, in fact, that Mallory doesn’t even put toilet paper down on the seat before she sits down. She can’t even recall ever sitting down unprotected on a toilet seat in a school bathroom before.

Mallory then sits and pees -- the pee gushing out of her. She’s always found it peculiar that when she pees, the pee just gushes out of her quickly and forcefully. It never takes her very long to pee, unlike some other girls she knows who pee a long steady stream. She’s even noticed, while sitting in adjoining stalls next to her mom, that her mom always pees a slow, steady stream that takes forever to finish while her own just gushes out and is over and done with in practically no time flat. She, of course, then grabs some toilet paper and dries herself.

But Mallory, of course, also has a bowel movement to do. Normally, this would be something to wait on and do when she gets home. But she does have to go kind of bad by now. She notes how untypically clean the girls’ room is now and how, at this late hour, no one else is around. Relaxing and giving it a little push, Mallory decides to just do that here as well -- easily pushing out two medium sized solid pieces, followed by a small mass of softer, partially formed stuff. Folding herself a wad a toilet paper, Mallory reaches back and proceeds to wipe herself. The toilet paper rips as she tries to slide it through her butt.

It’s then that she remembers yet another reason why she absolutely hates pooping at school -- specifically, that the toilet paper here sucks. I mean, it doesn’t really matter if a girl is only drying herself off after peeing, but for having to really clean herself after doing the other, the toilet paper here really does suck. For her next wipe -- and the 2 wipes after that -- she makes the wads extra thick so as to avoid that. After 4 wipes she has herself clean. Pulling up her panties and jeans and then stepping away from the toilet, the toilet then flushes automatically. She washes her hands meticulously -- especially after having gotten poop on one hand after the toilet paper ripped in her butt -- and then heads out the door.

At home, her mom is waiting and she’s not happy. “Texting in the girls’ room?” her mom yells at her just as soon as Mallory gets in the door, “You were texting in the girls’ room?” Mallory confirms that she was. And mom isn’t too happy, either, when she finds out what Mallory was texting about. “I might have known,” her mom tells her derisively, shaking her head. Mallory’s obsession with clothes and fashion is something she and her mom have been arguing about for years. Mallory doesn’t actually get grounded for this, but -- no doubt in consideration of the nature of the offense -- she does get restricted from going to the mall for the next two weeks. For Mallory that’s about as bad as getting grounded.

As Mallory heads to school the next day -- Wednesday -- she tries to look on the bright side. Yesterday’s detention and writing punishment sure sucked but she has to consider herself lucky not actually having to write that stupid sentence 1,000 times. But her hand still hurt from writing it even 232 times and being banned from the mall for two weeks was like the death penalty for Mallory. And Wednesday was undoubtedly her least favorite day of the school week. That was the day she had a double period of Chemistry class and she always dreaded that.

Mallory’s day, at first, goes pretty much as expected. She dashes into the girls’ room after 3rd period for a quick pee between classes. That’s something that Mallory typically doesn’t do until lunchtime but for whatever reason -- maybe the second large glass or orange juice she drank this morning -- it’s something she had to do a bit earlier today. At lunch -- 5th period -- Mallory sits and dishes with her friends as usual. Today, she is the star of the conversation as everyone wants to find out about what happened yesterday with her getting caught texting in the girls’ room.

Again, it’s not something she really wants to talk about but Mallory certainly does delight in being the center of attention amongst her friends. She gets so absorbed in the conversation, in fact, that the bell rings before Mallory has to a chance to do her usual lunchtime pee. It’s not really an emergency situation -- she had gone between 3rd and 4th periods earlier -- but as she heads to English class 6th period, she can feel that she definitely did have to go again.

Mallory hates English class probably worse than any of her other classes and that is saying something. Her English teacher -- Mr. Casey -- is her least favorite teacher. She finds Mr. Casey mean and nasty -- especially to underachieving, unmotivated students like herself. As Mallory’s need to pee steadily increases through 6th period, she contemplates asking for a pass to the girls’ room. But as Mr. Casey typically makes such a big deal about his students asking to go to the bathroom -- and often outright denies them such permission -- Mallory decides to wait. Mallory decides to wait until her next class -- her double period of Chemistry which ends her Wednesdays -- to go to the girls’ room. Again, she’s not particularly fond of Chemistry class but Mrs. Hobart is a much nicer teacher when it comes to students needing a bathroom pass.

By the time she does get to Chemistry class, Mallory is all but bursting. But when she raises her hand and asks to go -- “Mrs. Hobart, can I please go to the girls’ room?” Mallory asks -- Mrs. Hobart simply turns and looks at the pretty senior brunette puzzled. Mallory then repeats the request -- “Can I please go to the girls’ room,?” she asks. But Mrs. Hobart not only denies the request, she’s close to outraged that Mallory would even ask her. “Really?!” she says to Mallory, “After what happened yesterday, you actually have the nerve to ask me for a girls’ room pass again today?” Mallory then looks at her stunned -- not really sure what to say next. “I mean, you lied to me and begged me for a girls’ room pass so you could go and text,” she reminds the girl, “And then you come back here to today and ask to go to the girls’ room AGAIN.”

“No way!” she tells Mallory, shaking her head.

Mallory, in turn, apologizes for what happened yesterday but insists that she really does have to go today. “Please Ma’am! -- I have to go!” she begs her teacher, “I really, really have to go.”

“Well then, you really, really have to hold it in,” Mrs. Hobart responds, an obvious tone of sarcasm in her voice. Mallory starts to argue some more, but Mrs. Hobart simply puts up her hand to stop any further argument. “I’m sorry but I’m not falling for your histrionics again,” she says, “You blew it big time yesterday, Mallory and there are consequences for that.”

“But I really have to go this time -- I really do,” the senior beauty insists, “And I was already punished for what I did yesterday.”

“It’s not about punishment,” Mrs. Hobart then explains to Mallory, “It’s about lying and abusing privileges and playing me for a sucker.”

“Fool me once, shame on you -- Fool me twice, then shame on me!” the articulate Chemistry teacher adds. Mallory isn‘t even sure what all that means but she isn‘t concerned about that. All she cares about now is getting to a toilet and she starts to plead with Mrs. Hobart some more. But Mrs. Hobart is simply having none of it. “That’s it, young lady!” she tells Mallory, uncharacteristically raising her voice in anger, “You’re not going to the girls’ room and that’s final.” Her raising her voice like that gets the attention of the whole class.

Desperate as she is, Mallory has no choice but just to hold it. And as she reluctantly goes about her business during this lab period, she tries her best to do just that. As she goes about her work, she’s twisting and contorting her legs, pushing herself hard into the seat of her chair and even periodically holding her crotch -- anything to keep in control of her bursting bladder. Her lab partner suggests that she simply go to the girls’ room anyway -- even without permission. But Mallory knows that that that’ll only get her into more trouble and after yesterday, she really doesn’t need that. She watches while 2 other girls -- a pretty, blonde-haired glamour-girl type named Blair and a tough-acting but still quite good-looking brunette going by the name Jo -- ask for and get permission from Mrs. Hobart to go to the girls’ room. All the while Mallory sits there, desperate beyond desperate to go herself.

Mallory desperately tries to hold on -- hoping against hope that Mrs. Hobart will finally let her go during the break time she usually allows during the passing time between the two class periods. But when break time does arrive and Mallory looks to her with eyes practically crying, begging to go, Mrs. Hobart simply shakes her head “no.” She lets the others go but insists Mallory stay behind in her seat. “Going at break time is still a privilege,” she tells the poor girl, “And girls who abuse privileges don’t get to have privileges

She watches as a very bright and very pretty girl named Laura asks Mrs. Hobart if she can take a little extra time in the girls’ room at break. The implication, of course, is that Laura is planning to take advantage of the break time to do more than just pee. Mrs. Hobart grants her that permission Mallory starts to cry -- she knows she’s not going to be able to hold it in another 46 minutes until class is over. She thinks about just bolting for the girls’ room like her lab partner suggested earlier. She wonders if she’ll perhaps get in less trouble for doing that now because it is the passing time between classes. Still, she concludes that she’ll get in serious trouble for doing that and she doesn’t want to risk it.

When class resumes after the break, Mallory suddenly finds that her will to hold it in is lost. The floodgates suddenly open and, like an explosion, Mallory’s jeans are suddenly soaked with a voluminous outpouring of pee. It’s only like a 15 or 20 second burst before Mallory regains control, but it’s sure a lot of pee and the damage is done. It’s like one minute she’s dry and has a bladder on the verge of bursting and then a short time later her pants are soaked and her bladder isn’t quite as full. She sits there crying as she feels the wetness spreading in her jeans as they start to soak up more and more of her pee. It’s not like she’s actually peeing anymore right now -- she’s actually managed to get back in control -- but it’s just the huge rush of pee that she’s already done is being absorbed and is spreading in her jeans. It’s about now that she notices as well that the pee is dripping from her chair onto the floor.

In short course, her classmates notice the spectacle. They start to point at the puddle on the floor and they can see the obvious wetness in the crotch of Mallory’s jeans. Some start to laugh. And poor Mallory can only sit there crying her eyes out in humiliation -- a young woman of 18 and a senior in high school who has just wet her pants in Chemistry class. Mrs. Hobart also looks on, quite surprised. Obviously, she did want Mallory to suffer but apparently she never wanted it to actually get this far. She apparently thought that Mallory would be able to hold it. Obviously, she was wrong. Getting Mallory’s attention and giving her a sympathetic look, she motions with a nod of her head, that Mallory may be excused. The poor girl then runs from the classroom -- her wet jeans now obviously on display to the whole class as she leaves.

She decides to go to the nurse rather than the girls’ room. The nurse does have a bathroom there, too, and Mallory figures it would be a good place to hide from the other kids. She decides to run there in the hopes that she won’t encounter anyone in the hallway and no one will see her wet pants. It’s a dubious decision in that a whole class of about 25 kids have already seen them, and they’ll no doubt be spreading the news all around school in short order.

And running only causes her to lose control of her bladder some more and Mallory finds herself actively peeing her pants again as she bolts through the door into the nurse’s office. Arriving there, she quickly points in the direction of the nurse’s bathroom and the nurse, nodding her head, gives Mallory permission to use it. Inside, Mallory quickly rips down her jeans but has trouble with her panties. She then just plops her butt down on the toilet seat and sits there on the toilet just peeing through her panties. Eventually, the flow stops and Mallory just there crying some more.

The nurse is, of course, sympathetic. She’s an older lady and though high school girls certainly don’t often wet their pants, it’s not like she hasn’t seen this before. She doesn’t even bother asking Mallory what happens. That doesn’t really matter. She just makes sure that she’s alright and she asks Mallory if she wants her to call her mom or someone to bring her dry clothes. The nurse then, with Mallory’s consent, calls home to explain to her mom what happened.

At first, Elyse -- that is, Mallory’s mom -- isn’t at all surprised to be getting a call from Mallory’s school. Mallory is not exactly a good student and her parents have long gotten used to getting calls about all kinds of problems with Mallory at school. In fact, Elyse had gotten a call just yesterday about the incident with Mallory texting in the girls’ room. But Elyse is certainly shocked -- to say the least -- when she hears the reason for this particular call. Of all the times she’d been called to school over things that Mallory had done, never before -- not even in kindergarten -- has she gotten a call about her daughter wetting her pants in school.

In due course, Mallory’s mom arrives in the nurse’s office with new jeans and panties for Mallory -- as well as a plastic bag to carry the wet ones home in. By this time, school is just letting out for the day and Mallory has managed to dry herself off somewhat using both toilet paper and the paper towels that were in the bathroom. To say the least, Elyse is not pleased to be called to school yet another time for an incident with Mallory.

“Well, this is certainly a new one,” she tells her daughter sarcastically, “Just when I thought I’d already been called to school for everything you could possibly have done, you find something else to get in trouble for.” Mallory tries to explain what happened -- most specifically that it wasn’t her fault -- but Elyse is hearing none of it. She blames her daughter for not getting to the girls’ room earlier -- that is, for letting it get to the point where she could get so desperate to go -- and, of course, for abusing a girls’ room pass a day earlier to text in the girls’ room. “Obviously, none of this would have happened had you not gone to the girls’ room yesterday to send a text message,.” she angrily lectures her daughter, “So don’t go trying to blame this on Mrs. Hobart or anyone else.”

“It’s about time you started taking responsibility for your own actions, Mallory,” she lectures some more, “You have no one else to blame for this but yourself.”

“And obviously, I don’t expect to be called to school again because my 18 year old daughter went to the bathroom in her pants,” Elyse adds.

She then leaves Mallory alone in the bathroom there to change her clothes. Mallory does so, drying her eyes and composing herself a bit in the process. In some measure, she knows she’s going to get mercilessly teased about this in school tomorrow. But she tries not to think about that now. She just wants to get out of here and just get home and try to forget this.

As the two women head for home -- Mallory, of course, clutching a plastic bag that contains her wet clothes -- her mom spots a girls’ room. “Hold on, I’ve got to make a pit stop,” she tells Mallory as she steps inside. Mallory looks at her mom surprised -- she can’t believe that her mom is really going to use the bathroom here. I mean, they’re going to be home in like 15 minutes so why wouldn’t her mom just wait and go at home instead. Mallory sees that the bathroom has not yet been cleaned after a full school day of use by her fellow students and she thinks it’s filthy. “Mom? -- Why would you want to go here?” she asks her as she follows her mom inside.

“Well, maybe it’s because I don’t want to go in my pants,” Elyse tells her daughter condescendingly. “You know I’m kind of funny like that,” she says as she heads into the first stall she sees -- giving Mallory a look in the process. Mallory is left standing against the wall waiting while her mom goes about her business -- peeing, as she typically does, a long, steady stream that seems to take forever. Mallory is left standing there wondering why in the world her mother would chose to pee here when she could have easily just waited until they got home. But Mallory is in for an even bigger surprise when her mom’s seemingly endless pee stream actually does end. When she doesn’t hear her mom getting up from the toilet, Mallory comes to sudden realization that her mom’s “pit stop” was not only for the purpose of peeing.

“MOM!” Mallory exclaims, “We’re going to be home in like 15 minutes -- Why would you want to do THAT here?”

“I mean peeing is one thing, Mom!” Mallory tells her, more than a little stunned, “That’s bad enough.”

“But going the other way is something else entirely,” she tells her mom, “How can you do THAT! here, too?”

“Well, because I didn’t want to do THAT! in my pants, either,” her mom reiterates. “And THAT! is one of the things you can do here,” she answers her daughter -- mocking a bit Mallory’s exaggerated expression of disgust, “In fact, doing THAT! is actually one of the things toilets are designed for.” Mom finishes up her business in the stall and goes over to the sinks to wash her hands.

“You know, I really don’t understand what your issue is with school bathrooms, Mallory,” she tells her daughter, “I just don’t get why you’re always holding it in at school and running to the bathroom to poop when you get home.”

“Umm…because pooping at school is disgusting,” Mallory tells her. “I mean, peeing at school is disgusting enough but I can’t avoid doing that everyday,” she explains to her mom, as Elyse is now washing and drying her hands, “But I just don’t get why anyone would rather poop here than at home.” The comment has her mom shaking her head. “It’s not that I don’t actually PREFER to poop at home, Mallory,” she says to her daughter, “I just don’t see what the big deal is about pooping away from home when you need to.”

The two women continue the conversation as they leave the bathroom. “A toilet is a toilet,” she argues, “I just don’t understand why you’d hold it in and make yourself uncomfortable when you can just go to the ladies’ room and do what you need to do.”

“Umm…Because it’s disgusting,” Mallory reiterates, “Doing that in public bathrooms -- especially the ones at school -- is just totally disgusting.” Again her mom is left shaking her head. “Trust me, your school bathrooms are far from disgusting,” she argues with Mallory, “Trust me, I’ve had to go in plenty of places a lot worse than that.”

“You’ve got privacy in the stalls and everything,” mom continues, “I mean, I’m not saying it’s as nice as going in your own bathroom at home, but the bathrooms you have at school are not really bad at all.”

Now in the car and heading home, the conversation continues. She tells Mallory that when she was in high school, the bathroom stalls didn’t even have doors on them, but she still used them all the time -- even to poop. “I mean, how would you have liked that? -- the stalls were all open in front,” she tells her daughter, “How would you have liked having to go all out in the open like that?” Mallory is simply horrified at the prospect of that. She had never heard of such a thing before. Mallory starts to say that she would rather go in her pants instead, but given the events of the day, she decides it’s best not to say that.

Once home, mom starts to soften a bit about how she feels about what Mallory did. She still feels that Mallory was complicit in what happened today -- especially about lying to her teacher yesterday about needing to go and then using the occasion to text in the girls’ room. She doesn’t really blame Mrs. Hobart, either, but she also thinks that she should have let Mallory go to the girls’ room when she really did need to go. She decides not to punish Mallory further for wetting her pants in school. But she still does make her rinse out her peed-in clothes and Mallory is still banned from the mall for the next two weeks.

And Mallory can’t help but think about what her mother told her about the doorless stalls in the bathrooms when she went to high school. Mallory is still horrified at the thought of having to go to the bathroom -- even just to pee -- like that. She wonders just how her mom was able to deal with that when she was in high school. She flat-out asks her mom if she ever had an accident in school -- especially with having to poop in those doorless stalls. To that, Elyse just smiles. “Well, let’s just say that’ll have to be a story for another day,” she says.

