Bethany of the Isle: Vinnie Vitruvian

Author: AliasnameTO

*000*2018-12-15 13:50

Hey, everyone! I'm very pleased to announce the (probably not very) highly anticipated third part to Bethany of the Isle! See part 2 here

. This story is really coming into its own and I've already got big plans for the future. I'd love some thoughts on it, whatever they may be.

WARNING for those who'd like to know: There is partial and implicit non-sexual nudity in adults and minors. Nothing worse than before, but If that's too leery a subject matter, I do apologize.

###

The stares were inevitable. Not only was the pee in her jeans as plain as day in the pale denim, but still heavy enough to swish, squelch, and slap with every step. The people who otherwise would have missed noticing were turning around to see what the wet ruckus was. Her face remained some more or less intense shade of red until away from the crowds.

Calling the Uber would give her something else to think about for a minute. Not that it worked very well, as she had to wipe the pee droplets that had seeped through her pocket off her phone too. All that remained was minutes of stewing in being so wet.

Shortly afterward, the SUV they were expecting appeared in the pick-up loop. The driver rolled down his window to greet them. Upon seeing her dark jeans, however, his welcoming smile fled. “Did you have a wetting accident?”

No, doofus, I did a split in a kiddie pool. “Yeah, sorry!” Bethany said instead, wincing. Maybe he would take pity.

“Oh, I’m sorry, but I can’t take you.”

“What? Why?” she whined, “I could put a towel down or something. Please!” Her mother stood by in silence, likely too shocked to think of something helpful.

The driver gave a sympathetic frown, but did not relent. “I think you should get rid of those wet pants if you want any rideshare drivers to take you. They won’t want to dirty their cars. Sorry again but best of luck.” He conspicuously canceled the ride on his phone and drove away.

Bethany’s lower lip curled and tears again filled her eyes. “Great, now what?” she squeaked, “I’ll have to change in front of everybody in that weird shower room and put my wet pants in with the clean stuff! Or throw them out I guess.” She tried to resist hyperventilating while watching the traffic pass by.

“Shh, it’s okay baby,” her mother said, rubbing her pitiful daughter’s back, “You don't have to do any of that. How about this instead? I’ll call the grandparents. I know they hate the airport, but they’ll come here for us.”

It was fitting Bethany would arrive to them like this. She had not seen them in person since being recently out of diapers. Her mom made the call, revealing “Beth had a little bladder accident” as the reason for asking their help. Bethany had begun to grow numb to the shame that had cut at her regularly for the past hour or so. At least meeting them here would beat being stranded until she sunk low enough to face the guy at the desk again.

In twenty minutes, her grandpa’s old crew cab rumbled into a parking spot nearby. The statuesque couple-- he with his boater’s shirt and swashbuckler’s goatee, and she barefoot beneath a sleeveless, floral-print sundress, emerged. Bethany hung back, letting the others exchange greetings first.

“Ooh, Nancy, so glad you’re back!” her grandpa said, squeezing her mom tightly, “How was the flight?”

The chit-chat was not to last forever. They wanted to see her. “And is this Bethany?” her grandmother asked with a huge smile, “The girl I remember wasn’t three feet tall! I knew you would grow up to be beautiful, but my goodness.” The woman wrapped her in an enveloping hug, as if she were not a reeking mess.

Bethany answered, barely audibly, “It’s great to see you guys too. Great to finally make it here. Sorry I peed.” She rubbed her hands down her thighs to speed their drying, nominally as it worked. At least the elephant in the room had been addressed.

“Phooey,” her grandma said, “Don’t even mention it. Cress is a… ‘special’ place. Takes some getting used to.”

“Thanks,” she said, surrendering to the first hopeful smile in recent memory.

Her grandfather took charge again. “But you ladies didn’t fly across the ocean to stand in the parking lot,” he said, “Let’s get you home.”

“Should we put a towel on the seat or something?” Bethany asked.

“Nah, don’t worry about it,” her grandpa said, “You look only a little damp anyway.”

The fact that the grandparents she hadn’t seen in over ten years were discussing the amount of pee in her pants was not overlooked, but there was nothing to be done about it. She just nodded and climbed in the back with her mother.

Home. The word echoed in her head as they departed. It was no longer “the grandparents’ house” as a barely real concept on some far-flung island. It was now Bethany’s house too, and this was her island. For better or worse.

Despite how well the family took her accident in stride, in the moment it was for the worse. Any humiliation suffered here could not be escaped by flying back. This was it.

Furthermore, that new humiliation was coming fast. She had to pee again. She swallowed and breathed deeply while looking out the window, trying to will it away. But this was not a feeble, beginning twinge. She crossed her legs and pressed on her crotch, wet as it still was, and hoped to go unnoticed.

“Shall we take the scenic route?” her grandfather asked, “Cape Mackie’s got plenty to see from the road.”

Her mother started in with something, but Bethany interrupted, “I’d really rather just get there, please.”

“Alright, I’ve gotcha, kiddo. There is one statue on the way I can point out though.”

Any possible excitement was lost on her. However little pee could have collected in the short while since her bathroom visit drove into her like a spear. Coupled with the rough ride in the truck, how she could make it there without getting wetter so far eluded her.

After a particularly jarring bump, her pee made a run for the tired muscles keeping it back. A bolt of pain accompanied. When she tried to let out a drop to ease the urge’s sharpness, it came as a thin stream. Her chilled panties were temporarily warm again, and there was plenty more to come.

Not again. Not here. No way the grandparents’ forgiveness would extend to peeing herself in the truck. She whimpered a little too loudly.

“You okay, Beth?” Her mom asked.

“Yeah,” she answered, recalling that it was crude to announce one’s need to pee, no matter how dire. Her mother must have seen her twisted pose, so the lie was purely formal. “Is there anywhere to stop with accommodations? Or if we could pull over to take a walk. I just feel bad sitting back here in smelly pants.”

“I guess we could stop by Vinnie,” her grandpa said, “Vinnie Vitruvian. It’s what we call the statue I mentioned. You’ll know it when you see it.”

Bethany prayed it was close by.

It was. Only a few minutes of bouncing her knee and dreading another accident had gone by before a colossal bronze statue, stretching his limbs and framed by a circle and square like da Vinci’s famous sketch, loomed ahead.

“There he is,” her grandfather gushed, his voice full of awe, “If you hadn’t guessed already, the Cress love renaissance men and other thinkers. Da Vinci is something of one of the island’s cultural founders. He believed the human form was among the most exquisitely beautiful things in nature.”

“That’s cool, Grandpa,” Bethany groaned, “But I really want to get out now. Can we find a place to park, please?” Her bladder muscles trembled.

“What’s the rush?” he replied, “This truck’s been through worse than a little- what’s that sound? Uh-oh.”

He was interrupted by the splashing of liquid in the back seat. There was no hope for Bethany to save herself. Seated, buttoned, and buckled in, she had run out of strength. Piss rushed unchecked into her jeans, hot and forceful as before. The foaming urine ran in a river and pooled around her in the leather seat. Some even soaked into the hem of her hoodie, and on the sleeves where she held it back with her hands.

She was beyond wanting to cry this time as the flow trailed off. Shock and shame had given way to resignation. This was her life now. “Sorry,” she mumbled, “I tried not to.” Her mother rubbed her on the shoulder.

“Don’t you worry about a thing,” her grandpa said, finding a parking spot and stopping the truck, “You told us you wanted to get out, and it’s been a long day. But I bet you’ve had enough of sitting in those wet things. We can throw ‘em in the back if you want.”

“That would be nice, but where am I gonna change?” There were certainly no bathrooms around.

“Huh?” her grandpa began, as if that were an odd question, “What do you mean? What’s wrong with here?”

Bethany’s jaw dropped. He's joking, right? The huge statue in the park stared over the dozens of people relaxing on the lawn before it. Some reasonably went without shoes or shirts, but curiously, it was not only the boys. Some of the girls went around in their bras, others without that too. A smaller, but still considerable number played and reclined without pants. Or in a few cases, bottom underwear. “I’m supposed to get half-naked in front of everyone?!”

“Continentals, dear,” her grandma reminded him. She turned to Bethany and said, “It’s just like your grandpa was saying. The people here respect and admire our bodies. It’s not embarrassing or necessarily sexual to be seen with no clothes on. And on a warm day like this? It would be crazy to cover up!”

Bethany was about to disagree, but came up with no counter. “Sooo, you’re nudists.” She simply sighed, “When in Rome, I guess.”

“Well, some of us make a lifestyle out of it,” her grandma said, “But for most it’s just normal.”

Her grandpa reaffirmed, “You don’t have to if you don’t want to. But you can.”

Bethany’s heart thumped. They really expected this teenage girl to strip down in full view of her family and a hundred strangers. But her clothes were cold, smelly, and binding. Outside of her old school's locker room, she had not been in less than a swimsuit around anyone other than her parents when they taught her bathroom habits. It appeared the time that would change was now. “Alright,” she said, “I’ll do it.”

Her grandma smiled. “Nothing your mother hasn’t seen before, at least.”

They all exited the truck. The sun in the cloudless sky warmed Bethany’s face and scalp, while a brisk breeze chilled the wet spots in her clothing. Slipping her shoes off and letting her bare soles touch the asphalt completed the sensory smorgasbord. First she shed her hoodie as a baby step; she still had a pale green tank top on underneath. After that, there was no more stalling. She took a breath, unbuttoned her jeans, and climbed out of them.

At least the bold two-tone blues in her underwear were dark enough to prevent them from turning see-through from the moisture, but her grandparents were right; no one was paying attention when she deposited her wet clothes in the truck bed. The air and sunlight were a balm to her bare legs.

“Still want that walk while we let everything dry out?” Her grandpa asked.

Bethany tried another deep breath to relax herself. It worked a little. Maybe time would make strutting around in her underwear feel less wrong. “I guess,” she said.

When they started across the grass, her grandpa clapped Bethany on the back and grinned. “Not too shabby, Beth. Your first day here, and already a true islander. Welcome to Cress.”

She returned his smile. This kind of intro could be one more worth remembering.

*002*2018-12-15 20:14

^Thank you Mel.

And while it's not super relevant, I found a fantastic picture of what I imagine Bethany to look like. Maybe aged down just a little, but generally speaking that's her.

