The Fosters

Author: Alex62

*000*2020-02-20 21:32

Requested by me

Wrote by Mad Bladder

Jude sat patiently as he watched the movie. An updated version of the Titanic. Same movie from years back but colors and sounds have been upgraded to 2019 movie standards. There he was in his dark blue jeans and gray hoodie sitting with his oh so handsome boyfriend Noah. Noah’s chizzled chin and short hair along with his hot body turned Jude on who smiled at how lucky he was to be out with such a hottie.

However, as he became aroused, he felt a twitch in his lower belly. A warm, yet intense pressure pushing outwards of his abdomen. He squirmed in his seat a little, knee Over knee, ankles over ankles.

“You ok?” Noah asked. Concerned for his boyfriend.

Jude faked a smile. A smirk more like it as his discomfort grew. His foot tapped and he gripped the handles of his movie seat more. Biting his lip as the pressure grew. Oh why ohh why did he have to suck down his cola so fast.

“I’m...im fine,” Jude said faking a smile again.

His right left crossed over his right leg tightly, gripping at his hard crotch as he twisted his legs.

“You sure?” Asked. Noah. “You usually don’t cross your legs.”

“I’m f-fine,” said Jude. His legs remained cross as he squirmed and painfully held his bladder. His legs kept crossing over each other and squirmed in his seat. Every time Noah looked over it took everything in Jude to hold still so much he sweated. Judes foot tapped the ground during this pauses he was forced to endure though it barely helped.

At one point Jude Laid back in the theater recliner seat and pushed his hands deep in his pockets as his legs crossed. Inside his pockets he pushed down as hard as he could on his hard bladder filled crotch. His bladder and abdomen beating with pain as if he never see a bathroom again.

After three hours, the movie finally ended, and Jude was ready to explode! Noah said he has to use the bathroom and went in. Jude waiter outside so embarrassed and mad that he didn’t have the guts to admit his dying need. Some people giggled as he stood there with his arms wrapped around himself squirming.

As him and Noah walked home (he was too embarrassed to admit his need to handsome Noah) he kept his legs tight together pressing on his crotch.

“Oh no,” whispered Jude as he felt

A couple squirts leak out. He was about to pop. He pushed his muscles with all his might but he felt himself leaking like a water pain pipe with a break.

“Jude what’s...oh wow.”

Jude turned red and stopped in his tracks as pee streamed out of his body and down his legs, soaking his jeans. Jude was so horrified and embarrassed. Shaking with anxiety. He turned red and covered his face as his boyfriend watched a large puddle form at the bottom of his soaked pants.

“I’m such a loser,” Jude said crying into his hands.

Noah grabbed his hands and kissed him on the cheek. “No you’re not. Come on.”

“You....you really aren’t a...ashamed of me?” Jude cried.

“Of course not. Come on.” Noah pulled him as Jude continued to sniffle.

When they got home Jude couldn’t stop crying. He tried so hard, even more pee flowed out of him once they were home and Noah stepped back to avoid getting his feet wet, although Jude cried even harder after since he felt humiliated.

Once the stream died down Noah walked forward, allowing his feet to get damp. Noah wipes his tears and pulled off Judes top. Then he undid the waist holdings around judes waist pants and threw them to the side.

“I feel like such a baby.” Jude said.

As Noah pulled Judes shirt up and off him which was also wet Jude began to shake as he became cold from covered in pee. Noah wrapped his arms around Judes shaking body as Judes pants fell belies his ankles. Feeling Noah’s warm body against his was all Jude needed to relax. He realizes he didn’t have to feel so shameful after all.

“Now let’s get off that wet blue briefs.”

“Noah...I don’t know if we’re there yet in our relationship.”

Noah nodded and then realized how handsome and hot Jude looked in just his underwear. His crisp tan almost naked body that glistened because of some of the pee they stained his skin. Noah gave Jude another hug and Jude became erected and the two male young adults became aroused by each other and started to kiss . Lips rolling over lips, tongue crossing over tongue.

They then climbed in the shower and got naughty.

*003*2020-02-28 19:03

{{9 hours ago, ErinonWheels said:

Not to be a pain in the ass, but Jude was underage for the entire series.

}}

Yeah that’s why it’s not set in the tv show and with Connor. It’s set after the show when Jude is meant to be a only child and the others are moved out. That’s why only Jude and Noah are in the story.:) didn’t mean it to be a underage story.

*005*2020-06-10 02:47

{{3 hours ago, Shadowdevil said:

Love the Fosters!!! Hot wetting!!! Way to go!!!

}}

Thanks! But I did not write this, I only requested it. @Mad Bladder wrote it.

