Resident Evil: The Raccoon City Police Newbie’s Puddle

Author: Alex62

*000*2021-06-29 21:51

Resident Evil: The Raccoon City Police Newbie’s Puddle

Note: all these characters are based off the ones from Resident Evil. The story below is using them but is made up and not based off any Resident Evil game. The story is mine take on a horror omo story.

Leon Scott Kennedy was 21 and wearing his dark blue police uniform with black briefs. He had long dirty blond hair that laid in his left eye and bright blue eyes, like diamonds.

Leon’s first day at work couldn't be any worse. First his girlfriend broke up with him, then he got foolishly drunk and was late to work, and now a zombie outbreak in the city happened that wiped out most of the city.

Which is now why Leon sat at a desk in the lobby of the the Racoon Police Department sketching on a notepad at 3am. Leon was up on watch making sure no zombies attacked Chris, Claire, and Jill while they slept.

The only two good things about being trapped in the Police Department was there were plenty of pens and notepads for sketching and the back up generator powering the station. So with a dim desk lamp and a pen and notepad, Leon sat in the lobby sketching.

This would be fine with Leon if he didn't have to pee. He couldn't sneak away to the stations bathrooms, as if there was an attack his friends would be left helpless and he didn't want to risk peeing on the floor as someone could wake up and see him exposed. Not to mention it would be incredibly rude and disrespectful. So Leon sat at the desk and held it.

Leon tried to focus on his drawing and it worked at first but what seemed like an hour was only three minutes. Leon sighed and crossed his legs knee over knee, right over left sitting at the desk. It would be another hour and a half before Claire would wake up to take over for him and he could go to the bathroom.

For now Leon had no choice but to sit there with his legs crossed knee over knee and hold it. Leon continued with his sketch but not as detailed, as his mind was now focused on holding his pee. Leon's need wasn't super bad yet but it was enough where if it was any other situation he would already have used the bathroom and it was bothering him. Leon uncrossed his legs and recrossed them the other way.

This lasted for 30 minutes until Leon couldnt sit still. Leon had to pee like a race horse. He clicked the pen closed and closed his notepad in annoyance and stood up holding himself. At least if he stood up he could move around and hold himself Leon thought. But as Leon stood up he heard a loud growl from behind him. Leon quickly turned around to see a zombie coming at him but what was even worse, the zombie’s growl startled him so much he leaked. In horror Leon grabbed himself to stop the leak.

Leon cussed under his breath and stopped the leak but he could tell his black briefs were now wet. Another growl brought his attention back to the zombie. Even though it was slow it was making good ground. Leon took out his knife and made his way to the zombie. When he got to it Leon shoved it to the ground and stabbed it in the head a few times. Once it was dead Leob stood back up and remembered just how bad he needed to pee.

Leon couldn't believe the zombie scared him enough he peed his pants some. Leon looked down at his dark blue police uniform pants. Not even a penny size wet spot was between his legs but Leon sighed in relief as he knew he could easily have that small of a spot.

Leon went back to holding himself and paced around the stations lobby, where his friends slept on the opposite side. Leon was now doing a full on potty dance, he needed to pee so bad. He glanced up at a statue that was watching over them, thank god you are a statue and can’t see me Leon thought.

Unaware to him, leaks spurted out of him every few minutes soaking his black briefs and blue police uniform pants. Leon was now crossing his legs standing when he stopped pacing to turn around. Leon was now using all his strength and construction to hold his pee.

Another 30 minutes passed and Leon was in bad shape. He was twisted up like a pretzel trying to hold on. But he was slowly losing the battle. When another zombie growled. But this time Leon got scared enough to jump and lose it all. Leon was to shocked to do anything as pee flooded out of him effortlessly with a loud hiss, soaking his black briefs even more and his dark blue police uniform pants turning them almost black. He felt his face go bright red as pee run down his legs filling his black shoes as well as soaking his black socks and black shoes. Pee pooled at his feet on the tile lobby floor of the Raccoon Police Department. Leaving behind a giant pee puddle on the tile floor.

Leon was to scared and startled he didn't hear a gun go off stunning the zombie so someone could easily stab it in the head. He was still peeing at full force as a hand was laid on his shoulder. Leon jumped in fear as turned around to see Claire. Leon turned bright red in embarrassment and tried to talk but only stuttering came out.

Claire smiled warmly “It’s okay Leon, accidents happen to us all” but Leon shook his head “not to me and epically not from being too scared of a zombie!” Claire tried to refuse that and comfort Leon but Leon pushed her away as he finished peeing and stormed off. Claire tried to tell after him that it was to dangerous to go off on his own but Leon was already gone.

Leon made his was to the stations bathrooms. Since there was a generator, the hot showers still worked and Leon had to clean himself. He made his way to the bathrooms and ran into two zombies. Leon pulled out his gun and shoot one and stepped the other. But the one he shot didn't go down and tackled Leon to the ground. Leon fought; but the zombie was overpowering him. Leon would have gotten killed if it was not for Claire waking up Jill to follow him and shooting the zombie in the head twice.

Once the Zombie was dead she walked over and helped Leon up. Leon glared at her as she helped more his dirty hair out of his blue eyes “I had it under control, I didn't need your help. Why don't you to back to the others”. Leon pushed her aside and stormed off again. Claire knew Leon was just acting out since he was embarrassed but she couldn't help but feel hurt. So she left and slowly made her way to the others.

Leon finally made it do the bathroom. He took his shoes and socks off. His shoes seemed to have a ocean of pee in them. Leon poured the pee out of them and into the sink. He then took his uniform off but left on his back briefs and started at his almost naked body in the mirror. His eyes concentrated on the wet fabric. He could see his black briefs shine with piss in the reflection. Leon couldn't believe he got so scared he couldn't hold it and peed his pants.

Leon took a seat on the bathroom bench in only his pee soaked black briefs and crossed his almost naked legs right over left, hiding his black pee soaked briefs. He couldn’t believe what had happened and to make matters worse he yelled at Claire. Chris would for sure kill him for yelling at his little sister. And Claire definitely didn’t deserve it, she was only trying to comfort him. Leon put his head on his hands and loudly sighed. After a minute he uncrossed his legs and walked over to the showers.

Leon took his briefs off and put them and the rest of his uniform in the stations washing machine, pouring in soap and turning it on. Leon then got into the shower. He turned on the hot water and cleaned himself, making extra sure to clean his crotch and legs. After he was clean he stood in the water with his eyes close as the hot water hit his face and ran down his naked body. Leon almost fell asleep in there but a zombie growled and pound against the bathroom door alerting him. Leon got out and dried off; ignoring the zombie for now as it was stuck outside by the heavy door. Luckily his locker at the police station had an extra uniform and change off cloths.

Leon dried off and put on a clean pair of black briefs. He wrapped himself in a dry towel and grabbed the clean uniform and went back to the others. No point in putting on the uniform just to take it off a sleep in only his briefs.

Leon found a flash grande in his locker and grabbed it. He cracked the door a little to see the zombie was now slowly pacing the hallway. Leon carefully removed the flash grande pin and rolled it outside under the zombie. Leon quickly shut the door and heard it go off stunning the zombie. Leon quickly ran out of the bathroom and back towards the lobby.

He made it back to the others. Jill was back asleep besides Chris. Only Claire was awake. Leon entered the Lobby and made his way over to Claire. “Hey Claire, about earlier I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have treated you like that, I was being an ass so I’m sorry” Leon said as he rubbed the back of his head. Claire smiled “it’s okay Leon” Leon smiled back and his eyes looked at where his accident occurred. His giant pee puddle was still there and shining against the Police Station’s tile floor. Claire followed his eyes and saw the puddle his eyes were now looking at.

“You go get some sleep and I’ll clean that up and don’t worry, I told Jill and Chris we had an water spill so they don’t know about the accident”. Leon shook his head “Thank you for not telling them but I couldn’t ask you to do that”. Claire smiled and put her hand on Leon’s shoulder “you are not asking, I’m insisting”. Leon smiled and nodded. Turning around he yawned and went to get into his sleeping bag. Leon crawled into it and drifted off smiling but not believing he got so scared by a zombie he peed his pants.

I hope you all like the story!!😁 Any feedback will be very much appreciated!!

*002*2021-07-01 11:10

{{4 hours ago, kilianj74 said:

Great story! I like how Leon is embarrassed at wetting himself due to a zombie which would be normal for most of us. Good detailed descriptions too.

}}

Thank you so much! It would be normal for most of us😂 hit as that’s his normal life in RE I thought wetting himself because of it would be super embarrassing for him. And I tried to add as much detail I could think of.

*004*2021-07-01 18:12

{{2 hours ago, Simonwet said:

Another great story Alex!

}}

Thanks so much!!😁

*006*2021-07-02 00:16

{{6 minutes ago, RandomWetName said:

Cool new story! 🙂

}}

Thanks!!😁

*007*2022-02-23 20:02

Thinking of updating this maybe, would anyone be interested?

*009*2022-02-24 00:37

{{1 hour ago, WetterArgento said:

Sure, I will be interested in anything you decide to write

}}

Thank you!

