Life With Louie omo - Wetting at Work

Author: Andreea

*000*2018-07-24 22:37

Anderson was just your regular office worker. He's been working a lot lately but at the moment, he was just happy that he was able to take a break. It was his birthday afterall and he needed to relax before the big birthday tomorrow. So, he decided to take his day off and watch his favorite football match .

Anderson sat himself on the recliner chair, took the remote control in his hand and began rolling through every channel. When he reached his beloved Sports TV, he put the remote down , sat back and started enjoying the show. It was the match of the year and he couldn't miss it.

"It looks like the Mad Cats are winning this round! Looks like Crazy Birds are about to lose! But we'll have to wait for the next round to see. " the referee announced.

Andy pouted "No, they can't lose now! Come on, Crazy Birds, show them who's the boss!" screamed Andy from the top of his lungs.

"Now it's time for some commercial breaks" announced the referee "Make sure to come back for more"

Andy decided he spent too much time on his comfortable recliner and needed to get up to stretch his legs. He was also quite thirsty so he went to the kitchen to get something to drink. He was dressed in a pair of leisure grey sweatpants and a light blue casual shirt. As he stepped inside the kitchen, he could hear the referee's voice announcing that the commercial break is over. Andy hurried up to get the beer and chips and quickly jumped in his chair He began slurping beer loudly . It seemed that the Crazy Birds were at an advantage now. 18/16 wasn't too bad. As he put the empty beer can down, he could feel a slight need to relieve himself. But he decided to put it off since he didn't want to miss anything of the game. He's been waiting for this match for months. He was nt gonna leave the faith of his beloved team here.

It seemed that all the gulps of beer he took flew through his stomach, then to his kidneys, where all the liquid was filtered and turned into pee, then flew all the way to his bladder, filling it almost a quarter.

Andy was still thirsty so he decided to grab a soda from the armchair nearby as he comfortably placed his feet on the table where the TV sat.

"NO! Why did they lose this round?! Come on team, do your best! We can win this match!" Andy screamed while taking a sip of the soda. What he didn't know was that all the soda passed his mouth, then passed through his stomach and after being filtered in the kidneys, a good amount of it was turned into yellow warm pee and went straight to his bladder. Andy could feel his urge getting worse and he crossed his skinny legs the other way around. He could almost feel those droplets of pee that slipped into his bladder.

Just then, he started remembering that horrible time when he ended up peeing his pants at his son's stageplay, in front of all the parents and their children. This was one of his worst experiences he ever encountered in his life. It was so humiliating and even now he could still hear all the mocking and the endless insults everyone around him shout. He peed himself like a little kid, a grown adult, in front of all those people. He hardly recovered after that incident and didn't know what he would do if it happened again.

He straightened his back, crossed his legs and bent over, biting his lip a little. He decided to put the soda down but he was so thirsty, he took more sips, all going straight to his bladder, filling it even more. On the scale of desperation, he was at 6 now. It was a slight warm tingly sensation in his bladder. Just a slight discomfort and he knew the commercial break would start soon. . . right?

He was trying to focus on the match but just then - he saw - upstairs - the bathroom with the toilet in full display of him. It was so beautiful, so shiny and begging him to use it. Biting his lower lip, Andy avoided watching at it. He could feel more pee reaching his bladder, upping the desperation scale at 7. Andy shoved a hand in his crotch. He was still trying to pay attention to the game but he couldn't help to eye the shiny toilet in front of him. When were the commercials coming up?

"Attention, viewers! We were informed that this game was prolonged so no more commercial breaks till the end of it!" announced the referee. This might have been good news for someone who didn't like commercials, but for Andy, who was close to having an urgent nature call, this was quite a problem. What was he gonna do? There was NO WAY he was gonna lose anything of the game. With his legs crossed, he began shifting slightly in his armchair in a left-right motion with his lips pouted in an 'O' and his eyebrows narrowed to show off his desperate expression. As more pee droplets made their way to his bladder, he could feel his desperation growing to an 8. He still didn't want to get up. His favorite team was almost about to lose.

"Beat them up, beat them up! Show them , show them!" cheered Andy with a tiny team flag in his hand. He took another sip of soda and felt his kidney adding up more liquid to his bladder. The slight tingling sensation turned into a painful pang. He crossed his knees while holding them both with his hands, rocking his hips left and right.

He was becoming impatient now and began tapping his foot on the wooden floor, still eyeing the teasing toilet in the right. He could feel how 'she' was luring him in to use it.

"And the cats WIN!" announced the referee all of a sudden. Andy brought his attention to the screen, kinda like if he woke up from sleep. He couldn't focus on the match because of his growing desperation, but when he heard that the birds lost, he was super bummed. Though he was kinda happy knowing he can get up and pee now. He got up from his chair, with his legs still crossed wanting to go to the bathroom.

Just then, his cellphone ranged. He picked it up from the table to answer. It was his boss! What the heck? It was his birthday. Why would he call him on his birthday?!

He was still trying to follow the game as he picked up his phone.

"H-hello, boss?"

"Andy, I want you now to the office. we have an emergency. You have 10 minutes to come here or you'll be in serious trouble" said his boss angrily.

"Great! I can't even be free on my birthday" thought Andy in his mind.

Sighing, he took a deep breath and decided to just go with it. The last thing he wanted for his birthday was to get fired. He went to get dressed, but then he remembered his pee desperation and rushed to the bathroom, only for his wife to come with a mop and a bucket of water.

She walked inside humming, seemingly careless seeing her husband with his knees crossed, twitching like a little kid. He also had his hands on his crotch, moving his crossed knees like in a dance.

"Dear, if you don't mind, I gotta hit the loo!" said Andy mockingly.

"I'm cleaning it right now. I won't allow anyone here until it dries" she explained, still smiling careless at her husband's agony.

Andy was now beating his legs on the ground in desperation, eyes closed, almost sweating. He looked like a kid desperate to go potty. He could feel more pee reaching his bladder in the last 20 minutes. He started rocking his hips, teeth gritted. His bladder was almost full to the brim now, his level of desperation growing to a 9. Maybe he shouldn't have had all that soda.

"Come on! This is serious. I need to get to work in 10 minutes and I'm dying here" said Andy in his signature squeaky voice, with an obvious hint of desperation in his voice.

The wife just kept ignoring him, humming as she put the mop in the water bucket, making a splash sound that made poor Andy cringe. He started beating his legs even harder. His bladder was teasing him with a painful tingling sensation. He was full of warm yellow pee whose salty texture was irritating his bladder and requesting to be released now.

He decided to just give up and leave, so he walked into his room with twitchy steps, occasionally stopping to place a hand in his crotch. PAIN!

He took his office suit from the drawer and began getting dressed. Every move was torture. Putting on the pants was especially torturous as it reminded him a lot of his need. After getting dressed, he walked to the door, ready to leave.

With wobbly steps, Andy left his house and began walking down the streets, occasionally squeezing his thighs. He was beginning to get worried. What if he had an accident in front of all these people, in the middle of a busy street nonetheless? He would never see the end of it! He ran to the bus stop waiting for the bus to come. Once get there, he sat himself on the small bench, cross-legged. He was beginning to sweat now and had his teeth gritted, eyes closed from the pain. His bladder was screaming for relief now. And since he left, he could tell more droplets got to his bladder. He really had to go. His bladder was actually poking out of his abdomen. He didn't know what he was gonna do. He wouldn't be able to hide his desperation from those strangers in the bus. Would he make it to the bathroom at the office? He kept shifting in his seat like a toddler on a high sugar dose. Some people sat down on the bench next to him, waiting for the bus as well.

Andy had his knees crossed rocking his bottom on the bench like it was the end of the world. The people sat there looked at him weirdly. The older man with glasses glared annoyed while the 12 year-old boy was laughing and pointing only to get a cold look from his mother who took his hand in a 'let's get away from here' way. Andy was clearly embarrassed, blushing a dark red. He was a grown man doing the pee pee dance like a 4 year-old in public! Yet, he couldn't help. He could feel his bladder getting fuller and fuller. His butt was burning from so much shifting. Just then, the bus finally arrived.

It was time! He could barely climb into the bus and accidentally fell on the ground, making his bladder shiver, a spurt escaping. Everyone in the bus was laughing at the grown man falling like an idiot. Andy blushed and tried to climb up, shoving a hand in his crotch to get control again. As he got up, the door closed and the bus and started moving again, making his bladder vibrate like no other. Oh, no. What if he ended up peeing himself in the bus? The humiliation would have ended him. The whole bus was packed and he didn't have anywhere to sit. And definitely not enough space to dance around. But just then, he saw a free seat. He sat himself only to get kicked up in the head by an old lady.

"Shame on you for not offering your seat to an old woman!" she said forcing Andy to get up and offer her seat. He squeezed his thighs while bending over, with his teeth gritted in a funny expression.

"I think that dude is gonna piss himself" snickered a teenage boy to his friend. Andy blushed annoyed, cursing them in his mind. Once they finally reached the destination, Andy jumped out of the bus and made his way to the office building where he worked. Ah, he knew he could use the restroom there and finally feel relieved. The thought almost made him lose control. He shoved a hand in his crotch again trying to regain control, squeezing his wiener tightly in the process. He ran to the building and straight to the washrooms. His coworkers were snickering at his agony. Seeing a 40 years old man doing the pee pee dance was quite a view. Andy tried to ignore them, but couldn't help to blush harder.

When he finally reached the men's restrooms, he saw the HORROR! An 'out of order' sign that was mocking him, enjoying his suffering, his bladder agony. What was he gonna do now? He eyed the women's restroom. Nah, better not. The last time he went he got the hell beaten up of him.

"I'm sorry, sir. The men's restroom is closed. But there is an handicapped one you could use down the hell" Andy brought his attention to the woman sitting at the desk next to him. She looked in her mid 30's with glasses and TOO much makeup. She looked quite bored as she was filing her nails.

Andy ran down the hall to the handicapped toilet only to find a huge line of men waiting to use it. There were like 20 men in there. There's no way he was gonna make it . If he wet himself in front of all these people, he was done for. Now, Andy was dancing in full agony, beating his feet on the floor like an angry toddler. All the men waiting in line started laughing at him. It's not like he couldn't see why, Blushing and sweating like a pig, he joined the line. He started doing a series of crossing and uncrossing his legs.

"I'm gonna die'" he thought. His bladder was full to the brim with warm yellow pee that was pushing through his urethra wanting to escape his penis like a water fountain. It was starting to hurt actually. The pee was pushing his bladder to the core, stretching it a lot. Why Why didn't he go pee at home, when his bathroom was available. Sure he would have missed a bit of the match but at least he wouldn't have had to go through all this suffering. He tapped the person in front of him on the shoulder.

"What?" said the stern business man bothered

"I-i am having an emergency right now. Is it fine if I cut in front of you?" he said with pleading eyes.

"No way. Wait in line like everyone else" he said

"P-please, this is an emergency" said Andy while doing an exasperated pee pee dance, receiving even more laughs from the other men.

The business man just ignored him like if he was the most unimportant piece of crap on the surface of Earth. In desperation, Andy could feel another drop of warm pee escaping, soaking his underwear. He's been in that line for 10 minutes and they were barely moving. What were those men doing in there? Andy decided it's time to do something risky. As the net person came out, Andy walked all the way to the first person in line and rushed to get in. '

"What are you doing, asshole? It's my turn? " said the man, despite seeing Andy look like he was about to soak himself.

"I can't hold it much longer. PLEASE!" he whined loudly but the man just got in, ignoring.

Andy could no longer stand this. He was feeling sick to his stomach by having so much pee in his bladder dying to escape.

BOOM!

"What was that?" screamed one man in the line.

Sweating uncontrollably, Andy went with everyone to see what happened. He crossed his legs while at it. Then, the janitor came out of the bathroom, holding a mop.

"Sorry, guys. A pipe just exploded. The bathroom is out of order" he said while placing a 'Closed' sign on the door.

Andy was shocked to hear this. He felt like he couldn't see anything straight anymore. Everyone around him made his head hurt and his vision was blurred. He suddenly exploded in the most frantic and energetic potty dance ever seen - he started crossing and uncrossing his skinny legs, bouncing up and down, rocking his hips - all while having his hands shoved both in his crotch. His eyes were closed out of agony. So much pressure on his bladder, so much pee wanting to go out in the world and experience freedom. His mouth was shaped in an 'O', his eyebrows narrowed. At the same time, he was dying of humiliation because he knew everyone in there and they were all laughing at him. It was his birthday and everything was going awful.

The janitor put the shoved the mop in the water, squeezing it afterwards. Andy was watching in suffering as the water from the mop was dripping, making his bladder pulse and wince. He felt a tear forming in his eye in that moment. Just then, his phone ranged .

"What now?!" said Andy in his tortured mind.

He checked. It was his boss. For a moment, he thought not responding but he knew how he was like and he might have gotten in serious trouble if he didn't respond.

"H-hello?. . . " said Andy picking up his cellphone, one hand in his crotch holding his penis. His penis could no longer stand all that pressure wanting to come out.

"Andy, meeting in 10 minutes!" a booming deep voice that made Andy take the phone off his ear and lose control.

"Fine, I'll be there, boss" replied Andy sighing.

This wasn't happening. He had to be in the meeting room in 10 minutes and he was dying for a piss. He felt another spurt escaping and wetting his boxers. Now the wetness was shown easily on his pants crotch and everyone passing could tell he wet himself a little. Andy bit hips lip and held his penis tight trying to regain control again. He didn't know what to do. What if he got out of the building and tried to find a bathroom somewhere in town? He didn't know if he had enough time for that. But he had no choice. Even if he was late to the meeting, he had to find a way to relieve himself soon. Or his pants would never forgive him. His bladder felt like it was about to explode. The tingling feeling turned into a burning almost painful sensation - like if he was about burst like a water balloon.

As Andy was walking down the streets looking for a bathroom he could use, he had his legs tightly crossed like a pretzel. Hand to his mouth, sweating like crazy, hand to his crotch bouncing his legs up and down, occasionally stopping to press them together. Every step was a pain, only putting too much pressure on his bladder, stretching it to a T. He began shaking violently, not knowing if he was gonna make it. PAIN!

Without thinking much, Andy ran into the first store he saw.

"What can I help you with?" said the old man with a mustache behind the counter in the convenience shop.

Suddenly, the clerk's expression turned into disgust as he saw the ugly 40 years old man doing the pee pee dance,

"Can I use the bathroom, please?" asked Andy in his high-pitched voice that no one could take him serious.

The old man frowned.

"Bathroom is for paying customers only. You'll have to buy something first"explained the man obviously bothered.

"But I don't have any money. Please, this is an emergency!" explained Andy while dancing from foot to foot.

"That's the store policy, I'm the owner. I decide! So buy something or go away!" screamed the old man grabbing Andy by the shirt and throwing him in the street like a dog. Apparently, the falldown was so sudden that it made his bladder shake like ramble ball. Now, everyone who passed could see he had an accident. Fortunately, Andy was able to stop the flow before causing more damage. Raising up, he shoved his hand in his crotch again and squeezed his wiener.

"Asshole" thought Andy in his mind. He was thinking about going in to beat him up but his bladder started nagging him again. He was like a balloon ready to pop. His bladder reached its bursting point long enough. Every nerve in his body was sending signals for immediate release.

Right next to the other side of the street, he could see his terror - a huge water fountain. The water was gushing and just the simple sound & look was making him cry. His vision blurred even more. He felt like passing out. He could feel his vision blurring. It was like all that flowing water was trying to mock him, to make his situation worse, to make him suffer. He tried to run away from all that water but he accidentally tripped on his shoe laces and fell. His bladder shattered from the danger and Andy hurried up trying to find other place to use the bathroom.

He found a porta potty, but this one too had an 'out of order' sign on it. Oh, why was fate so cruel? Without many option, he walked into the hair salon next door praying they'll have a bathroom he could use.

A bell rang and the lady smacking her gum left him in.

"Yeah? Can I help you sir?" she said walking back to the counter reading her magazine disinterested.

"Y-yeah. . . D-do you have a bathroom I could use?" asked Andy visibly embarrassed to be so desperate in front of all those ladies in the salon.

"Sir, we do have a bathroom but it's for customers only. You're gonna have to get a haircut if you want to use it" she explained

"P-please! I have an office meeting in less than 10 minutes and I'm running out of time" Andy fell to the ground in tears, as all the women getting haircuts, manicures and pedicures were laughing. Andy was red like a tomato. A gentleman such as himself to act like a little kid in front of women younger or his age was beyond humiliating. This is why it was always so hard for him to get a date. But despite the humiliation he didn't get up because he wanted to impress that employee woman to let him use the bathroom.

"Sir, if you don't get out, I'm afraid I'll have to call the cops" she said

Andy got up ashamed, still blushing and almost sick to his stomach from holding it too long and sighs deeply leaving. It hurt so bad. As he exited the salon, he ran to the dance studio nearby, hoping he'd find relief there.

In there, he found a bunch of students and youngsters practicing hip hop moves on a song so loud it made his bladder vibrate like a microphone. He started making yet another desperate pee pee dance and the person at the counter, a flamboyant blonde man in tights was quite impressed by his moves.

"Hmmm. . . . Nice moves, sir" hummed the man like if was trying to flirt with Andy.

Andy blushed upon realizing that everyone in the studio was staring at him do that embarrassing childish dance.

"If you don't mind, I don't suppose you have a bathroom I could use? " said Andy sweating like a pig, being almost polite for the first time in his life.

"Oh sure. It's down the hall to the right, but first, would you mind if you give us a little salsa presentation? Your dance moves are quite unique" the man said getting up from the counter.

"Uh. . . " Andy wanted to say no but everyone around him was screaming "We want you to dance" like no other.

"I-i mean. . . F-fine. . . "

Everyone clapped in excitement as Andy got up on stage, gulping in nervousness. He knew how his bladder got whenever he was nervous. If he wet himself in front of everyone here, what would he do? To mantain the pee from escaping, he discretely gave his penis a squeeze.

He suddenly heard music as everyone was waiting for his salsa pesentation. The song was 'La Bamba' by Los Lobos & Gipsy Kings.

Andy squeezed his legs tightly while twirling on his tiptoes, moving around with his legs twisted like a pretzel. He could feel another drop escaping but hopefully he gained control once again. All the teens were dying of laughter while the gay instructor was gazing at him flirtatiously. Andy blushed with his teeth gritted rocking his hips and bouncing around like it was the end of the world and his bladder was about to bring the final destruction of his reputation. He kept moving his hand and legs till the song stopped. At which, he got up from the stage and ran to the bathrooms like his life depended on it. The instructor was about to congratulate him but he ran before that happened.

As Andy ran to the single-stalled unisex bathroom in there, he tried the handle but it wouldn't open. Oh, not again! What did the universe have against him? He screamed.

"Is someone in there?" Andy said with shivers in his voice, dictating his desperation perfectly.

"It's occupied. I'm sorry. I had something bad for breakfast" said someone in the stall.

Andy checked his watch. He only had 3 minutes to get to the meeting or he was done for!

He didn't have enough time to wait for the bathroom there. So he ran outside, past everyone in the studio. The instructor wanted to tell him something but he couldn't catch him. Andy got outside and made him way towards the nearest public park. Maybe they had a bathroom he could use.

As Andy entered the park with wobbly legs and sweating with a pained expression on his face, the sprinkles activated producing a sight and sound that would be pure torture on anyone with a full bladder. He hurried up trying to find the bathroom. Then, he saw a lemonade stand with a lady pouring the yellow liquid to a bunch of kids. Andy placed his hand on his crotch, squeezed his thighs like his life depended on it - and it did , well his reputation most likely. A couple was passing through there.

"You should have seen how much water was pouring that day" said the man to his wife as they were passing by Andy. Andy's expression became even more pained, like if his bladder was stretched to its maximum capacity. Hearing their words made his pee burst out of him. Just then, near the trees, he found the bathroom. He felt like a walker stranded in the desert with no water and now he found an oasis. Ooops, maybe he should stop thinking about water. As he entered the men's room, he quickly hurried up to one of the urinals. Light was glowing in his eyes, he had to wipe a tear off his face. It was - so beautiful. He walked to it and took his hand off his crotch to unzip his pants, he reached his boxers, shoved his hand inside and whipped out his penis ready for release. Just then, 2 teenage boys came inside and rushed to the urinals.

They unzipped their pants and started peeing a powerful audible stream that hit the urinal with an incredible force. Andy had a shy bladder. As much as he tried, the pee wouldn't come out. Knowing these strangers were there to hear him pee was too much. Generally, he couldn't pee near anyone even if they were his friends. His bladder just wouldn't let go if it knew someone was in the same room with him as he peed. Literally he was in front of an urinal, something he's been waiting for ages AND HE COULDN'T PEE! How was this possible? He's been waiting for so long to do this and now he just simply couldn't. Another man came in and started peeing too. Now, it was even harder. He tried to squeeze it, to encourage himself to pee but it just didn't happen. His bladder hurt from all that effort and he was tired. Plus, his meeting was in 2 minutes so he needed to hurry up. He quickly zipped back his pants and walked out the door.

He immediately regretted his decision. Now he had to go even worse than before. Especially since his bladder was teased with fake relief for far too long and now it really wanted to release its contents. He ran across the park with squeezed thighs. Some people would snicker at the way he walked. He blushed and tried to ignore as he made his way out of there. His panic was so intense, walking with his knees crossed all the way wasn't easy. All the walk through, he sported a very pained panicked expression on his face with his jaw clenched and sweat pouring on his face.

When he saw a dog peeing on a tree, his pain grew 10 times. The simple sight and sound of the peeing act made his own need for the peeing act increase. All that boiling piss inside him that was becoming pent up at the moment and if all that liquid could talk it would yell to him 'ANDY, RELEASE ME NOW OR I'M GOING TO RUIN YOUR REPUTATION FOREVER!', all the missed opportunities to relieve himself, all the stress and pain - this was a truly horrible birthday. If only, if only he paused the game for a second and go to the bathroom when he had the chance he wouldn't have been in this situation. It was his fault for all this. And now he was gonna have an accident. His bladder was stretched to maximum capacity and it would explode soon. He knew he'll end up with a bladder infection after this.

As he finally reached his office, he walked inside with trembling legs. Knowing there were no bathrooms in that building only made it worse. With his hand deeply shoved in his crotch, he walked up the stairs into the meeting place. Every step was torture and he could feel all that warm liquid sloshing around in his bladder. The pee felt like boiling water on the stove. His muscles were tired from contracting so much to hold all that river of humiliation inside. Andy took a hand from his crotch and opened the door to the meeting room. As he entered with trembling steps, he saw everyone at the table discussing business-related projects.

"Anderson, if you're late one more time you can kiss this job goodbye" yelled his boss

Andy mumbled grumpily to himself saying 'yes, boss' through his breath and sat down. Apparently, his bladder wasn't used to that sudden movement. Maybe he should stop moving his bladder around so much. Then, it occured to him. What if ended up wetting himself in this place - in front of his boss, in front of his coworkers, the embarrassment would never end. As he sat down, he crossed his legs tightly to not let any drop of pee escape his urethra. He squeezed like everything depended on it.

As Andy was trying to hold his bladder contents like his life depended on it. Sitting with his legs tightly crossed and sweating like a pig. Most people knew that he needed to pee and they would snicker between each other, as Andy would blush and tremble, occasionally wiping his forehead.

"And now everyone - we'll have to find a way to increase our sales. If we don't get ourselves more customers in 3 weeks, you will all get fired" said the boss angry, slapping his fist on the table.

Andy was so intimidated that he released another spurt of urine escape and wet his pants crotch this time around. He was able to stop it in time by crossing his legs the other way around. Nature called so bad - in fact, he had 100+ calls unanswered from Mother Nature and if his bladder could talk, Andy was sure it would say 'Empty me, Andy!'.

"Anderson, stop shifting around and listen!" screamed his boss across the table.

Andy didn't have any idea where he even was or what was discussed in there. His bladder was so full and he had only one thing in mind - to get home and pee. He doubt he could hold it for that long and there was no way no one could tell he wet his pants a little. There was a generous pee stain right there. He tried to get together all of his determination and canalize his chakra to hold it for as long as possible. He was doing an entire dance number in his seat, full of shivering and trembling with lots of foot tapping.

"Anderson, stop beating your feet like that! It's too loud!" yelled his boss. Andy whined and tried to sit still but it was impossible - a bursting bladder didn't want to sit still. It needed movement to keep itself from overflowing. He could tell his collegues and his boss were bothered by his intensive trembling, foot tapping and shifting in his seat. The guys sitting next to him were weirded out and they moved 4 inches away from him taking their seats with them. Someone from the table across him opened a water bottle and began sipping - the sight was pure torture for Andy. He closed his eyes, put his feet on the chair, shoved his hands both in his crotch and started weeping in pure suffering, trembling and sweating, moving from side to side again and again.

"Is this dude sick?" whispered some of the workers to each other.

"Anderson, we have important business to discuss! If you don't stop fooling around, you can get up and leave!" yelled his boss visibly angered.

Andy put his feet down and sighed "Yes, boss" said Andy grumpily.

But he regretted his decision immediately once he noticed that another spurt escaped. All that wetness was making him want to release the rest of the contents. It was tempting but there was no way he was gonna do it there in front of everyone. He didn't even hear what the others were saying in the meeting.

Just then, one of his collegues raised to present the new product he developed. He walked to the stage. Everyone was listening, except for Andy who was more focused on his body needs.

"And now we present to you a new product we developed today - the Anti-Odor Spray. Do your feet smell bad? No probs, The Anti Odor will solve this issue" explained the man, placing the bottle spray on the table.

"Hmmmm. . . . . Sounds interesting, but we don't know how it works yet. We'll need to test it on someone first" said his boss deep in thoughts.

He looked around the room trying to find his Guinea pig for the experiment, just then he eyed Andy.

"Anderson! You've been fooling around the whole meeting. Get up on stage. At least now you'll make yourself useful for something" grumbled his boss.

Andy was in shock. He was DYING to relieve himself, full of boiling liquid and now they wanted to call him up on stage?! Could this day get any worse?

"Uhhh. . . Y-you see boss. . . I can't. . . " mumbled Andy trying to make an excuse while shivering and sweating, one hand on his crotch trying to hide his wet stain.

"GET UP" screamed his boss so loud it made his bladder shudder and everyone in the room had to cover their ears.

Andy sighed and got up on stage with wobbly steps.

"What a loser" remarked some of his collegues and Andy just frowned at them.

"Linda, come here!" ordered the boss as the heavy-makeuped woman with glasses Andy encountered earlier came on stage.

"Help our customer" said the boss gesturing to Andy to sit on the chair next to the stage. Andy had the hardest time of his life trying to sit down without agitating his bladder. Linda instructed him to raise up his leg as she took off his shoes, then his socks. Andy kept trembling like mad and couldn't resist the urge to squeeze his thighs"

"Sir, sit still, please!" ordered Linda getting quite annoyed with his antics. Andy was beginning to panic. It was impossible to sit still without having an accident.

The woman took the spray, took the lid off and began spraying a considerable amount on his bare foot. The cold liquid was making his bladder scream. Then, as the liquid prelinged on his skin, he could a few spurts coming out and it took him a sold 10 seconds to stop it. He was sure a good portion of his pants were soaked now. Out of panic. he knew he had no option but to let everyone know how badly he needs to pee.

"May I please be let go! I need to use the restroom really really bad. I didn't get to go all day. It's an emergency!" Andy screamed hoping someone would have simpathy for him. But then he realized what he did and blushed like a red tomato. He should have never announced his desperation like that. Everyone in the meeting room broke into endless laugh as they watched the poor man dancing around like a toddler about to have an accident. Hid boss was getting annoyed and sighed.

"Oh, fine! But if you're not back in 3 minutes, you're officially out of this work place" explained his boss strictly. Andy felt glow in his eyes. He was finally free to pee. In a swift movement, he left the chair and rushed to the bathroom as fast as he could. But to his horror, the 'out of order' sign was still there. Andy was in the hall room, barefoot, dancing for his pants' sake. But just then - his bladder could no longer stand all this. The pee that came out earlier and soaked his pants was too much for him.

His bladder simply exploded, pee rushing down his pants, soaking them completely. The wetting was deliberate with his pants turning into a darker shade of brown. Andy tried to stop the flow all panicked but it just wasn't possible. All that pent up warm pee was prelinging down his pant leg and flowing down his sleeve, wetting his foot. The poor guy was beyond humiliated. He was bitter red trying to hide it but he couldn't fool anyone. Some workers that were passing by stopped to laugh at him and at his misfortune. Andy clenched his jaw and placed both hands to cover his face.

He couldn't believe he had an accident once again. This time, in front of his work collegues. At least when he wet himself at the theatre, no one there knew who he was. This time, everyone knew him! Seeing there was no way to stop the pee from pouring out of him, he just let himself go, as pee was pouring down his pants constantly producing a loud hissing sound that caught everyone's attention. They all turned around and began laughing in hysterics while pointing and calling him names.

"What's going on here?" asked some people who were walking down the hall, attracted by the crowd.

"Andy pissed his pants like a little baby' said a guy in the crowd pointing at him and laughing.

The others joined too in mocking the poor man too. Although the relief felt amazing especially after holding it in for what seemed like ages, the embarrassment was even greater. Everyone was laughing at him endlessly as he collapsed on the ground in his own puddle of pee once he was done, covering his face.

"Hey, Anderson. Maybe you should wear a diaper next time" said one man meanly

"My son is 5 years old and not even he pees his pants anymore!" joked someone else

"Looks like you're gonna have to clean that up" said another guy, almost falling down for so much laughing.

Andy just sat there, in his own pee, tears falling on his eyes, weeping softly as his vision and conscience were blurred from so much humiliation.

What was worse - some of his collegues grabbed their phones and started taking pictures.

"Yep, this is definitely going on YouTube" said one man as he looked as the camera he used to film Andy's accident.

Meanwhile, Andy's boss was angrily marching down the hall and as he reached crowd, he tore apart two people in there to see Andy crying sitting in a puddle or urine, pants wet, barefoot.

"Anderson, you're a shame to our company! A grown man having an accident?! Who's heard of that? YOU'RE FIRED!" he screamed from the top of his lungs, making the others shriek and run away.

Andy looked puzzled. The humiliation was so intense he could no longer react.

Suddenly, Andy felt grabbed from his shirt and thrown out of the building by his boss with a kick in the bottom. The next second, Andy found himself sitting on the cold pavement in the street. The pain from the kick was nothing compared to the humiliation. He felt like yelling, crying, going insane, but he no longer had the energy for that. The shock he suffered caused his brain to no longer being able to react any thing. Raising up, he makes his way home by foot, all with his head down in shame, wiping a tear off his face. Just then, a bright light blinds him in the middle of the night. It's a bus. Looks like he's not going home by foot after all. He waves to the bus to pull over. The driver stops, but just when Andy was about to go in everyone in the bus saw his wet pants and started laughing whispering to each other. The driver is grossed out.

"Sorry, sir but we only allow potty trained individuals here" he said speeding down so fast, Andy fell on his butt. With his head down, he got up, making his way home. He suddenly felt a gurgling sound in his bowels. Oh, no! He needed to go number 2 now. He didn't know if he was gonna make it home. He walked all the way with his hands on his buttcheeks trying to prevent another accident from happening.

After a long 20 minutes of the walk of shame, Andy finally arrived home. The last thing he wanted right now was having to face his wife and tell her he was unemployed. He put the key in the locker of the house's door, then he stepped into the kitchen. When he turned on the light, he was greeted by. . .

"SURPRISE" screamed everyone in the room. All of his friends and family planned a party for Andy's birthday and they didn't tell him a thing. Confetti and balloons decorated the room, as the sound of whistling filled the air. Everyone was wearing colorful party hats.

Shocked, Andy felt his guts exploding and filling his pants with creamy warm poop. Everyone stopped cheering as they notice Andy's wet pants and the poop coming out of him.

Andy blushed more than ever, looking down at his pants and collapsing once again, tears falling on his eyes. After a long moment of silence, everyone burst in hysterical laughter, pointing at him and calling him names.

Andy covered his face and ran to his room, yelling and crying like a baby. Everyone pinched their noses due to the smell of poop when Andy passed by. After the birthday boy left, everything was covered in silence again. But after 10 seconds everyone burst in uncontrollable laughing once again.

Meanwhile, Andy couldn't believe what happened. He sat in the bathroom ruminating, warm tears falling on his cheeks. He humiliated himself in front of his friends and collegues, he lost his job - could it be worse than that. And only if he accepted to move up from his chair and go to the bathroom when he had the chance, none of this would have happened. After taking a hot bath and placed his pants and underwear in the washing machine, he put on his pajamas and went to sleep. Throughout the night, he kept twitching around and not being able to stop thinking about the humiliation he endured earlier. He would whip often, tears falling from his eyes and having nightmares the whole night.

The next day, Andy woke up realizing in what situation he was. He would have usually gotten ready for work by now, but since he was unemployed. . .

He picked up the remote control and turned on the TV.

"And now for some breaking news - a video of a grown man wetting his pants is going viral all over the internet. The clip currently reached 400000 million views" said the reporter featuring a picture of Andy with wet pants in the background. Andy thought he was dreaming. Not wanting to hear anything about this, he closed the TV and made his to the bathroom since he really needed to pee. An entire country was laughing at him, everyone hated him and he lost his job. Could things be worse. Andy started crying once again as he reached the bathroom door. Then, he saw a note.

"Andy, I'm leaving you. You're embarrassing and I can't be with a man who doesn't have a job. Me and Louie went away. Goodbye"

It was a note from his wife. Yes, it seemed things could be worse. Andy wiped his tears off his cheeks and entered the bathroom. The toilet was gone. He looke back at the note that said

"PS: I took the toilet too"

Then, Andy fell to his knees screaming 'NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO' Darth-Vader style.

