The Assistant Continued

Author: Anubis

*000*2016-11-22 00:32

A while back, I started a story called "The Assistant". I had made quite a bit of progress, but during the course of writing this story, I became busy and sort of forgot about it. The last couple of years went by so fast, I could hardly believe it. Anyway, I decided to continue the story, but felt that it would be wise to start a new thread, to post the newest chapters. The first 25 chapters can be found here: https://omorashi.org/topic/17359-the-assistant/?page=1

I recommend reading the first 25 before continuing beyond this point, for those who have never read the story before now, and also for those who might not remember it all that well. If anyone has any comments they wish to add, then please post them in this thread instead of the old one, since it has been a while since anyone has posted there. For now, here is the next chapter of The Assistant.

26

Suddenly feeling embarrassed, Danielle blushed and glanced at her boss. “Should I put this in now?”

Katherine pressed the button again, putting an end to the vibrations. “Yes. We have a bit of a drive ahead of us to meet with a new, potential client.”

Danielle nodded. “Oh, right.”

Danielle stepped around her desk and took a seat. Katherine watched eagerly, waiting for her lovely, young assistant to put the new toy inside of her body. Still feeling slightly embarrassed, Danielle slowly pulled up her skirt until her lady bits were showing.

“No underwear this morning?” Katherine asked, looking incredibly excited.

Danielle found herself becoming more aroused by the second, as her boss stared at her crotch, watching and waiting for her to place the little egg inside. She spread her legs apart and bit her lower lip, hoping desperately that her bladder would not be struck by a spasm right then. Her need for the restroom was dire and she feared the possibility of creating a mess directly underneath where she sat.

Danielle nodded as she slid the new toy into her love tunnel. “I-I thought that you would like it if I didn’t have any on.”

The wide grin on Katherine’s face faded a little and her expression became one of pure lust, rather than amusement. “It pleases me greatly.”

For a moment, Katherine stood and stared at Danielle, who was squirming a little in her seat, hoping that her desperation would go unnoticed. She crossed her legs and covered herself with her skirt again while forcing a smile onto her face.

“Is something the matter, my dear assistant?” Katherine asked.

Danielle crossed her arms and shook her head. “Nope! All is well with me!”

Her boss then pressed the button and the egg instantly came to life, buzzing and humming, forcing a moan of pleasure past her lips. She leaned forward against her desk, closed her eyes, and put both hands against her crotch. The pleasure created by the vibrations combined with the fullness of her bladder nearly sent her over the edge right then and there. For a moment, she thought that she might have an orgasm and empty her bladder on the spot.

When the vibrator at last went still, she opened her eyes and looked up at Katherine, who had a sadistic grin upon her face once again. “Miss Andrews, I…”

Katherine chuckled and placed the remote control back inside of her jacket. “Well, today should be interesting. Are you ready to go, then? We have a bit of a drive ahead of us, before getting to the next meeting.”

I am not ready yet, I still need to pee! Danielle thought, as she attempted to compose herself. “I-I need to go…”

Katherine tilted her head slightly and put her hands on her hips. “You need to go to the restroom, eh? It has been quite obvious all morning. After the stunt you pulled last night, you can forget about it.”

Danielle was suddenly hit by a bladder spasm and she closed her eyes again as she fought to remain in control. “Please, I am desperate!”

Katherine motioned for her to stand. “And I am quite enjoying it. Let’s go.”

Danielle groaned with disappointment, but, despite her fear of wetting herself in public again, she was feeling excited about taking another desperate car ride. The added element of pleasure that would likely occur, due to the presence of the vibrator, increased her excitement exponentially.

With shaking knees, she stood and was hit again by another bladder spasm. It was quite obvious that she would be lucky to even make it out to the vehicle without peeing, let alone the entire drive. In the event that she did make it to the car, she would unfortunately have to face the embarrassment of other people seeing her struggle, knowing about her desperate need.

With a gasp, Danielle crossed her legs and put one hand up under her skirt, to press against her bare peehole. “Please, at least let me pee a little! I might not even make it out to the car!”

She looked up at her mistress, who took a moment to think the situation over, before answering. “Alright, if you are that desperate, then go and use the restroom, but you may only let out a little.”

Danielle breathed a sigh of relief. “Thank you, Miss Andrews!”

As quickly as she could, she shuffled around the desk and through the doorway, but froze in place just on the other side. She once again found herself struggling against another bladder spasm. Her boss burst into laughter behind her, as she wiggled her butt and pressed her fingers as hard as she could against her urethra. Apparently the show she was putting on was equally as amusing as it was arousing.

Come on, don’t make another mess on the floor! For what seemed like an eternity, Danielle just stood there, struggling to contain the pee that she’d been holding since the night before. She was so close to losing control, that she feared the battle had been lost. Fortunately, the sudden urge eventually subsided a little and then she was able to continue the journey to the toilet.

Sighing with relief once again, she continued her desperate shuffle through Katherine’s office, to the doors. The destination was growing closer. Soon she would be through, free to have herself a seat and have the morning pee she needed. Though she knew she had been told to only let out a little, she decided on her own to fully empty her bladder. She hoped that the punishment wouldn’t be too severe.

Standing up as straight as possible, Danielle pressed her legs together and reached for the doors. She placed both of her hands on them and pushed outward, but was surprised by the sight of someone standing in the hall. The security guard from the garage, with the blonde ponytail, was there.

Danielle composed herself as quickly as she could, parted her legs a little and put her hands down at her sides. “Hello! Is something the matter?”

The security guard looked quite unhappy. In fact, he seemed nervous. “I must speak with Miss Andrews immediately. There is an issue with her car.”

Suddenly in shock, Danielle could only stare at him. “Oh, I-I see…”

The guard looked down at her hands, which were beginning to take on the form of fists, as she felt another bladder spasm brewing deep within her body. “Ma’am, I recommend that you do not leave this room, under any circumstances.”

Behind Danielle, Katherine stepped out of the side office, immediately concerned. “What is happening out there?”

The guard motioned for Danielle to step back and she did as instructed, wishing that she could just leave the room for even a few seconds.

“Miss Andrews, there is an issue with your car.”

Katherine crossed her arms and frowned. “What type of an issue?”

Still looking nervous, the security guard tapped the knuckles of his right hand into his left palm. “There is evidence of tampering under the hood. I have contacted your mechanic to make sure there was no damage, so hopefully the car is fine. Anyway, I am afraid that we have a major security breach on our hands.”

“You imbeciles!” Katherine threw up her hands and pointed angrily at him. “It is your job to prevent such tampering! You had better figure out what happened or you will find yourself unemployed!”

The guard nodded and motioned for her to follow. “Come right this way.”

With pleading eyes, Danielle watched the two of them leave. “Miss Andrews, I-”

“Stay here in this office Danielle!” Katherine instructed. “You will just have to wait until I return!”

“But, I still…”

As the doors closed, the poor girl’s voice trailed off when she realized that there was no use asking at that point. She instantly doubled over and put both of her hands against her crotch. She was on the verge of losing control again and had no idea how much longer she could continue to wait.

She crossed her legs and groaned with disappointment. “Why is this happening right now? I almost made it…”

From her office, she could hear the sound of the phone ringing. What if it’s a client? In a hurry, Danielle shuffled towards her office, desperately hoping that she would make it there before the caller hung up.

“Please, don’t hang up!” she begged as she reached the doorway of the office.

At this point, the phone had rung five times. In light of the situation, Danielle knew that answering this call was of extreme importance. If it was a client, she would need to let them know what was happening.

On the seventh ring, she snatched up the receiver and answered. “Hello! This is Danielle S-smith, Katherine Andrews’ assistant. How m-may I help you?”

At first, there was only silence on the other end, but before long, a deep voice on the other end at last began to speak. “Danielle Smith… When you see your boss again, give her a message for me, if you could be so kind. Tell her that I know what she has been up to with her young assistants. Let her know that I will bring down her empire if she does not meet my demands.”

With her heart pounding in fear and her urine making its way into her urethra, Danielle groaned and shook her hips. “What d-demands?”

“My dear, is something the matter?” The mysterious caller asked. “Are you desperate for a piss? If so, then you would be wise to walk out the front doors and never look back. Miss Andrews has a tendency to manipulate her assistants so that they find themselves in desperate situations. If you have not wet yourself in public yet, then you will.”

For a moment, Danielle did not speak, but she at last remembered her very first conversation with David, the guy she had met the day before, regarding the previous assistants. There was the one who wet herself in the lobby and the other who nearly pressed charges.

“Were you one of her assistants?” Danielle asked.

The voice on the other end laughed. “You have been warned. Leave now, before she destroys your life.”

“I-I haven’t w-wet myself yet and I-I am quite comfortable at the moment!” Danielle cried. “She isn’t like that!”

The voice laughed again. “Defend her if you wish, but you will only go down with her.”

The conversation then ended and the caller hung up. From what Danielle had heard, she was almost certain that the caller was disguising their voice, possibly with some sort of device. It did not sound natural.

She lowered the receiver and stared at it for a moment, realizing that something was terribly wrong. “What the hell?”

Carefully hanging up the phone, she put both of her hands back against her womanhood and groaned again. It was beginning to look like her second day on the job was about to be worse than the first one. Not only was she about to wet herself right there in the office, there was also the danger that the mysterious caller was somewhere in the building.

*002*2016-11-22 11:46

{{6 hours ago, Bellatrixfan said:

Omg this is amazing

}}

Thanks for the comment. I am glad you enjoyed what you have read so far. By the way, how many of the older chapters have you read so far? I am curious.

*005*2016-11-25 00:13

27

For what seemed like an eternity, Danielle waited for Katherine to return to the office. She was still in front of her desk, but was on her knees, with both hands in between her thighs.

I’m not going to make it until she gets back! I can’t hold it anymore!

Her entire body was drenched with sweat and her hands were all covered with her love juices. Her fingers were the only thing preventing the ocean within from covering the floor below.

Glancing at the trash can that was next to her desk, she thought of an idea. Maybe I could pee in there! It may be my only chance to avoid making another mess!

Even though she knew she would likely be punished afterwards, it seemed that using the trash can was the only option available. The only trouble was making it that far without losing control.

With a soft groan, she forced herself to stand up, trying to be as careful as possible. I must make it to the trash can!

Despite her best efforts, a squirt of pee escaped and mixed with the liquids that were already on her fingers. “No!”

After the first squirt, she was able to stop the flow for only a brief moment before an even longer, more powerful one erupted from within. She tensed every muscle in her body and pressed even harder with her fingers. This time she was able to successfully reseal the dam, but doing so was a bit painful.

For a few minutes, she stood there, breathing heavily, as the urgent need to urinate at last subsided. Even though her bladder was still quite full, she was no longer desperate. She very quickly stepped over to the trash and squatted over the opening.

Closing her eyes, she let go and the flood gates were flung open. “Yes! Finally!”

The morning pee that she needed was at last taking place. Her pee gushed out and droplets splattered all over the clear plastic material of the trash bag. Sighing with relief, Danielle gripped the side of her desk to hold herself up. The feeling of emptying her bladder was so enjoyable, she thought that she might fall over.

Feeling quite naughty for peeing into the trash can during the day time, she found herself becoming desperate in another way. Her memories of the previous night came rushing back. She remembered how she and Katherine had made sweet love while covered with each other’s bodily fluids. She was, at this point, desperate for her mistress’s touch. She wanted the experience to happen again.

When the steady stream of pee at last weakened, Danielle stood up and allowed the remnants of her bladder’s contents to fall into the container below. “Oh, that is better!”

After the last few droplets fell, she reached towards her desk for a tissue, which she used to dry off her legs and dripping labia. She then tossed it into the puddle below and stepped away from the trash can. Not wanting to explain herself to every employee that she encountered, she checked her skirt for wet spots. Fortunately, there were none.

Still feeling naughty, she went around behind her desk and took a seat. Even though she craved an orgasm, she knew that her work was more important. Due to the security breach, she knew that she would have to call the first business owner that she and Katherine were scheduled to meet with that day. The meeting was scheduled for 9:00 am and there was no way they could make it.

While attempting to calm down her nether region, she took a moment to look through her PDA. Danielle found the phone number for this potential client and called his office. While waiting for the secretary to answer, her breathing was still in the process of returning to normal. She was still horny after her desperate predicament and wanted nothing more than to be pleasured.

After five rings, the secretary at last answered. “This is Mister White’s assistant. How may I be of assistance?”

The voice was female and from the sound of it, she could have been Danielle’s age.

“Hello, this is Danielle Smith, Katherine Andrews’ assistant. Due to a security breach here at Andrews’ Corp., Miss Andrews and I will be unable to attend the meeting at nine. Is there any way the meeting could be rescheduled for another time?”

Mr. White’s assistant replied, “Mister White is quite busy for the rest of the week. I will speak with him first and then call your office when I know more. Perhaps I could call your office in about an hour.”

Finally distracted, Danielle’s arousal at last began dying down as she became focused on her work. “Yes, that will do. I look forward to your call.”

With that, the discussion was over. Mr. White’s secretary said good-bye and the two of them hung up. Afterwards, Danielle leaned back in her chair, wondering when Katherine would return. Even though she was no longer bursting, she still hoped that it would be soon.

Fortunately, only a few minutes later the doors of Katherine’s office opened and her high heels could be heard clicking on the floor. “Danielle, I am back!”

Eager to know what Katherine had learned about the security breach, Danielle stood up. She walked around her desk and stepped out into the main office.

*008*2016-11-25 15:34

{{2 hours ago, ola93 said:

Wow I can't believe this has been years. Just read back the old chapters and enjoyed them once again.

}}

When I first came back, I could hardly believe that it had been over 2.5 years. I can still remember writing the old chapters and it seems like it was just yesterday, but because so much time had passed, I had to read the old chapters myself, because I had forgotten a few details. I had to re-familiarize myself with the story again in order to avoid accidentally putting contradictions in the story. It feels good to be making progress again.

*010*2016-11-25 22:23

{{1 hour ago, Night Rain said:

While it is nice at times for a girl to go commando. Will Danielle being wearing panties again in a future chapter?

}}

Only time will tell...

*012*2016-11-28 20:53

28

Whoever did this is going to pay! Katherine thought angrily as she pushed open the doors to her office. Those idiots in the security department had better get their acts together, before I fire every last one of them!

With each footstep across the floor tiles, her anger grew. I don’t take kindly to pranks and I will not tolerate anyone disrupting my time with Danielle!

Katherine was halfway across the room when her young assistant stepped out of the doorway of the side office. “Miss Andrews, is the car alright?”

With an irritated sigh, she pulled off her glasses and closed her eyes. “It will be an hour before we will be able to go anywhere, but it should be alright by then.”

Katherine put her glasses back on and looked at Danielle, who was looking very concerned. “There was no major damage. It is just some stupid prank that someone is pulling. No matter what, we will not let them ruin our day.”

Danielle opened her mouth to say something, but then Katherine interrupted her. “It seems that you are no longer bursting anymore. Were you naughty?”

“Miss Andrews, someone called and-”

Katherine interrupted her again. “It looks to me like someone needs to be reminded of just who is in charge around here.”

She slipped past Danielle, into the little office and walked back over to the trash can. All of the evidence she needed was right at the bottom.

“Uh-oh, it looks like someone was naughty.”

Danielle hurried around to the backside of her desk and tried offering an explanation. “You were gone for a really long time and I couldn’t hold it. I would have made a mess if-”

Katherine held up her hand and a sadistic grin formed on her face. “I believe someone needs some discipline.”

Upon saying those words, a look of fear appeared on Danielle’s face, but soon transitioned into an expression of desire. Still grinning, Katherine slowly made her way towards her and pulled the remote control out from inside of her business jacket.

“What are you going to do?” Danielle asked.

When the two of them were face to face, Katherine reached down with one hand and slowly lifted her assistant’s skirt. “I quite enjoy the fact that you decided to go without panties, just for me, but there is something you should know.”

She reached up underneath the skirt, towards that beautiful flower she had played with the previous night. As her fingers made contact, she could tell that Danielle’s arousal had subsided during her absence.

She gently played with that flower again, coaxing it back to life. “It’s so much more enjoyable when my assistants wet their clothes after a long, desperate struggle not to. I would have preferred that you had panties on so that I could see you wet them.”

A moan of pleasure escaped past Danielle’s lips. She was becoming horny again, just as Katherine had hoped, but with her bladder once again empty, it needed to be refilled.

“Miss Andrews, the caller knows…”

Katherine chuckled and pressed the button on the remote control. “What does this caller know?”

Danielle leaned forward against her and grabbed her shoulders. The pleasure created by the vibrating egg was so strong that she could only moan in response. Her breathing became heavy, demonstrating that an orgasm was on its way.

Katherine only allowed this to go on for a little while before pressing the button again. She couldn’t allow her assistant to have an orgasm just yet. She would wait until she was bursting again before allowing her to have one.

When the vibrator went still, Danielle continued breathing heavily. “Please Miss Andrews… Again…”

Katherine let out another chuckle and lowered her hand, allowing Danielle’s skirt to fall back into place. “Not yet, my sweet Danielle. I want your bladder to be refilled again, so that I can keep you horny and desperate for as long as you can stand it. Now, about this caller…”

Danielle released her grip on Katherine and stood up straight. “The caller, they said that they know about you and your assistants. They told me they were going to bring you down.”

Upon hearing this, Katherine could only laugh. “What proof do they even have, really? Even if my previous assistants opened up, all I would have to say is that they were at fault for wetting themselves.”

“And, since they didn’t like it as much as I did, they never got a confession from you?” Danielle asked.

Katherine nodded. “And they certainly didn’t have sex with me on the floor of this office either.”

In that very instant, after Katherine had finished speaking, Danielle suddenly looked disappointed, possibly even ashamed. This caused Katherine to feel concerned and her playful mood began to dissipate.

“What is wrong Danielle?”

There was a pause before Danielle gave her reply. “While I did enjoy the time we spent together last night, I can’t help but feel bad for your first two assistants. They didn’t want any of this, but still, they went through the desperation and wetting anyways, because you found ways to force them into it.”

Now feeling worried, Katherine put a hand on the side of Danielle’s face. “But, you like it, don’t you?”

“Yes, Miss Andrews, I do, but now that I’m thinking about it, the way that you found out was just wrong. It was unfair what you did to your other assistants.”

By this point, the fun moment the two of them had been sharing only moments before was over. No longer interested in playing with her assistant, Katherine lowered her hand from Danielle’s face. She looked out the window above the filing cabinets. The quiet voice that she had ignored the previous day, during the lunch meeting, returned. You know she is right.

For the very first time since Danielle first arrived on the previous day, she no longer felt like the lioness that she always tried to be. Somehow, she had fallen for her young assistant. She suddenly felt incredibly guilty for how she treated her previous assistants, simply because her little Danielle had become disappointed in her.

*016*2016-11-30 15:46

{{5 hours ago, Apan said:

Credit where it's due. This is an epic story that just cannot go on for too long. I'd love an elaborate parenthesis about how the former assistants wet themselves under Katherine's manipulation.

}}

I very much appreciate your feedback. I'm glad that you have enjoyed the story so far and we'll see what the next chapter holds.

*018*2016-12-01 11:14

{{18 hours ago, Night Rain said:

How about we see Danielle dress up in Christmas clothes due to the holiday coming up.

}}

Considering the fact that I completely forgot to mention the time of year the story takes place in when I first started it, this should be doable. I'll see what I can do.

*019*2016-12-04 01:55

I just thought I'd post a quick update. Chapter 29 is nearly finished and I'm hoping to have it posted by tomorrow. I've been a bit busy so progress has been slow, but it will be ready soon.

*021*2016-12-05 00:52

29

After the conversation that had occurred between Danielle and Katherine regarding the first two assistants, the pair had gone right back to work while waiting on the car repairs. During that span of time, Mr. White’s assistant had called to say that the meeting was off until such a time that he would be available again and Katherine’s mechanic called to say that the Porsche was ready to go back on the road again. It was nearly 10:00 a.m. when Danielle got the call about the car.

Once Danielle had passed on the information regarding the status of the repairs to her boss and returned to her office, she found herself feeling bad for upsetting Katherine. I didn’t mean to upset her like that, but what I said was true.

Despite knowing that she had been right to say those things, Danielle still felt guilty anyway. She had fallen for her boss and wanted nothing more than to please her. She began thinking about ways to cheer her up while preparing her computer for the second meeting at 11:30.

What I should do is start filling my bladder again! Danielle thought. She would very much like that, I’m sure!

Since the two of them wouldn’t be leaving until the first break of the day, that would give her plenty of time to prepare her bladder and get more work done on her computer. She stood up and then walked over to the doorway of her office.

For a few seconds, Danielle only stood there, before finally saying something. “Miss Andrews, I am sorry if I upset you.”

Katherine had been doing some work of her own on her computer also. She finished what she was doing and glanced over. “There is no need to be sorry, Danielle.”

“Miss Andrews, if you have more of that water you were giving me yesterday, then I could at least prepare my bladder for you.”

This suggestion put a little bit of a smile on Katherine’s face. “If you would like to do that, then I can get some.”

Pleased that Katherine liked her suggestion, Danielle smiled back. “Yes, I would. I thought that it would probably cheer you up a bit.”

Katherine stood up from her desk and pushed her chair back. “Indeed it will, my little Danielle. I will be back with the water soon. Go back into your office and wait there until I return.”

Danielle nodded and returned to the chair behind her desk, just as she was told. Like the good girl that she was, she took a seat. The thought of drinking more water and becoming desperate again, for the sole purpose of pleasing Katherine, was quite exciting. Just the thought was turning her on. By the time her boss returned again, her clit would once again be in need of some stroking.

###

It had been several minutes since Katherine left Danielle alone in her office when she returned to the top floor. In her hands, she held two bottles of water that she had bought from a vending machine on one of the lower floors. When she stepped out of the elevator, her thoughts were focused on the strange caller that morning, instead of the desperation that Danielle would soon be feeling.

Who could that have been? Katherine wondered. They called just after my car had been tampered with, to make threats. This cannot be a coincidence.

Instead of continuing down the hall, she just stood where she was, in front of the elevator, lost in thought. For a woman in her position, it was normal to have a few enemies. Andrews’ Corp. had its competitors, but it would have been unbecoming of them to stoop to such a level as this.

There was really only one possible explanation. Whoever it was must have been a previous employee who hated her enough to try and bring her down. Due to the threats they were making and the fact that they attempted to sabotage her car, it was obvious that they were quite dangerous. For someone to be that determined to ruin Katherine, it would have had to be one of her past assistants, but even then, she doubted that they would be capable of it.

Of the other two assistants, the first was Hannah, an over-confident, self-entitled girl with a tiny bladder. When she was first hired, Katherine found that she talked big, but in the end, her confidence had been proven to be a mere façade.

She had lovely, golden hair, and some fairly large breasts (these two features had been Hannah’s favorite assets, which she had used quite often to get what she wanted), but it was her tiny bladder and her inability to hold for extended periods that Katherine had enjoyed the most.

At first, Katherine had been unsure about manipulating Hannah and she had been extremely careful on their first day together. During the first evening when she was alone, she had planned out every detail of the next day, ensuring that Hannah would wet often.

Hannah’s first two wettings were confined to the office, but the one and only major one occurred in a room full of people (Hannah had been struggling to hide her desperation while giving a presentation, but despite her efforts, she had been squirming and stuttering right up until the moment the streams of urine began trickling down her pretty legs). All of those people had been so shocked, that they had no idea how to react, but Hannah fled the room before they could.

While she should have felt guilty then, Katherine had been delighted when she followed Hannah and found her leaning against the wall, sobbing. It was at this point that the poor girl had pointed her finger at Katherine, accusing her of her manipulation. She had quit her job the following morning and threatened to go to the police, but nothing came of it.

Could Hannah be responsible for this? Katherine wondered. She was mostly talk and no action, so could she even be capable of plotting to take me down?

Then there was the second assistant; a girl by the name of Laura. She was a sweet, intelligent, overly polite girl with a strong work ethic, but no backbone. She was a redhead with adorable freckles on her face and a small bust size. She also had a little heart-shaped ass that Katherine would have loved to get her hands on.

Laura had been Katherine’s favorite of the two, not only because she was an excellent worker, but also because she had the ability to hold copious amounts of urine for very long periods of time. Her wettings were few and far between, but when they did happen, her puddles had been unbelievably massive. The very first accident had occurred late in the evening on their first day together, during the return trip following a business meeting (Laura had her legs double-crossed and her hands clenched into fists while she sat in the passenger seat, but once her limit was reached, she lost a few large spurts before completely soaking the seat).

Katherine remembered that evening quite clearly. At first, she had been angry, but the feeling only lasted a short while. The look of fear on Laura’s face and her long, desperate apology had replaced that anger with a feeling of excitement. The poor thing had been so afraid of losing her job that she offered to clean the entire car herself.

Laura had been fortunate that her first wetting was confined to the vehicle, but when the second one came along, she had not been quite so lucky. This accident was the one that happened down in the lobby (She had been on her way to the restrooms on the lower floor during her afternoon break, but along the way became frozen in place with her legs crossed, only seconds before covering the floor tiles in a sea of urine). It was that same evening that she had attempted to accuse Katherine of making her wet herself. Unfortunately for Laura, Katherine easily convinced her that she was only imagining things. After that, she was only on the job for a week before she left.

I highly doubt Laura could be capable of getting back at me, Katherine thought. She was so sure that I was pulling the strings, but I was able to make her second guess herself and her accusation fell flat. How dangerous could she possibly be?

Based on what Katherine knew about them, she very much doubted that either of them could be that mysterious caller Danielle spoke with, but it was still possible. They certainly would have had plenty of motivation, but it seemed that someone acting on their behalf was probably more likely.

After thinking it through for a bit, Katherine’s thoughts returned to the present and she couldn’t help but smirk. Someone was certainly out to get her, but she at last felt confident that her past assistants were incapable of such a thing. She pushed all of her concerns out of her mind and continued on down the hall. She had a new assistant to play with and it was time to have some more fun.

