Beach trip

Author: Alex62

*000*2022-01-20 00:50

Dylan and three of his friends: Jake, Alex, and Mike were going on a week long vacation to a beach resort. They all have been friends for years and all ended up being gay. This has allowed the four guys to get really close and be super comfortable around each other. But Dylan hasn’t shared one huge secret with them and plans to share it this week and that’s he likes omo.

So while they were going to the beach they were going to a LGBTQ+ friendly beach. They also book a private beach house and area of the beach to themselves.

They get there and change into their swim suits. Dylan wore blue and white striped trunks, Jake wore a red speedo, Alex wore a blue speedo, and Mike wore solid white trunks. spent the day on their private beach. Goofing around and listening to loud music all while drinking. Later that night they cooked out burgers on their private beach.

Dylan has seen his friends desperate before but none of them ever wet. He has wish they did as he always wanted to try omo stuff with them but as they didn’t know he liked it they never did so Dylan hoped to change that soon.

So as dinner was ready and the table was set, they all took their seats and began to eat. Dylan saw his Chance with all of them there and took it.

“So um guys I wanted to tell you all something and if you want we can all do something with no it but I have always been into omo, peeing pants and/or holding of others or myself and wanted to tell you all and maybe have us all do something with it as I always wanted to share this with you”

It was silent at first as Jake, Alex, and Mike tool it in but by their face expressions Dylan knew they were okay with it. Jake was the first to speak up.

“Well, I never liked that or did any thing for it but sounds okay”

Dylan smiled hearing this and Mike soon spoke.

“If you like it I'm done with it”

Dylan smiled and nodded. Alex didn't speak not because he was gross out it anything but because he always lines omo as well but has never experienced anything with it so hearing Dylan say he liked it was a shock.

Alex looked up and saw the others looking at him and realized he should say something.

“Yeah, sounds like it could be fun”

Dylan was glad to hear this and let out a breath he didn't know he was holding. They all finished eating and all drank a bottle of beer. Jake looked at Dylan as he finished his burger and took a sip of beer.

“So, what were you thinking about us trying with omo?”

Dylan thought for a moment and leanded on a pee holding contest.

“Lets do a pee holding contest and they only way to win is by not peeing yourself. So we.all will pee are pants but one and he is the winner and he may use the bathroom.”

Hesitant at first the other guys look at Dylan but after thought they all decided to join in. Jake joins as he thinks why not. Alex joins as he's into omo as well and thinks it will be fun to wet and see his friends wet as well. Mike joins as he thinks his bladder is strong and be will win and dosen't care if he pees himself in the process.

They all drink another beer before the contest starts. Once all the beer are empty they head inside to start the contest. They sit on the couch still in there bathing suits and get ready to start.

Jake, Alex, and Mike look at Dylan as they sat and said together.

“So, how do we began!”

Dylan thought “well I dosn't think much about this tbh so lets just sit here a watch tv till we pee. The beers from dinner should help.”

The others nod and sit back as Dylan turns on Netflix and scans though the shows. He finally finds one and starts it.

Not before long Alex begins to need to pee. Alex cross his legs and tries to ignore it and it works at first but after a while he can't ignore it as the need is getting to strong. So since he like omo as well Alex sits back and relaxes. After trying for a minute pee pools out of him and soaks his blue speedo with a soft hiss.

Dylan being a pro noticed the hiss right away and grins. Jake noticed second as he was sitting by Alex and Jake yells!

“Alex is peeing!”

This alerted Mike to what was happening as Alex blushed. Pee ran kit of Alex and made its way to his but and onto the couch below. Since Alex had on his blue speedo he wasn't wearing undies so pee soaked his speedo and quickly made its was though the fabric and onto the couch. Pee soaked onto the leather couch and spread in both directions getting Jake wet as well.

Pee dripped to the floor as Alex kept peeing. Alex was embarrassed but at the same time turned on.

“Alex is the first out!” Dylan yells excited.

Dylan was super excited but was more excited to see Jake and Mike wet as well so he had to win.

Mike started to feel some pressure but he wasn't worried, he had a strong bladder. Mike looked at Jake who was now squirming some which made Mike happy however Dylan wasn't squirming at all and even he was a little bit so this worried Mike.

As the night went on Jake found himself holding himself though his red speedo. Jake was really needing the bathroom. Jake crossed his legs tightly and grabbed himself hard.

All of a sudden Jake started to lose cantrol. He tried with all his might to regan it but had no such luck. Pee flooded out of him soaking his red speedo and mixing with Alex’s pee on the couch and dropped to the floor also mixing with Alex’s.

Alex giggles as he watchs Jake loose it. Alex was turned on just like Dylan was. Mike watched with a smile but unfortunately seeing Jake wet cause Mike to leak. Leaving a wet spot on his white trunks. Mike had to win so he forced a stop but unfortunately Dylan still remained strong and as Mike regained catrole he lost it again shortly after.

Mike tried to stop but with no luck. Pee soaked his white trucks. Mike stood up to try to stop it but pee kept coming running down his legs. Pee pooled on the wood floor before as pee ran down his legs. Alex, Jake, and Dylan smiled as they watched.

“I win!” exclams Dylan.

Dylan goes to get up but stops and says

“Oh fuck it”

Dylan sits back and relaxes. Pee floods out of him and into his blue and white striped trunks.

The other bous watches in confusing as Dylan won but still wet. Alex was confused but also kinda turned on.

“Well what now?”

Alex, Jake, and Mike asked Dylan.

Dylan just smiles.

