The Swedish sin (or Excerpts from the Norse vaults)

Author: Apan

*000*2024-04-14 10:30

Some of you might be familiar with the expression 'The Swedish sin', which in this case of course refers to the great sin of sitting on stories that could potentially be enjoyed by so many more people than those sharing my own vernacular. Inspired by the brilliant train story posted by @myaso2005

(consider that a shoutout, and I sincerely hope there's more where that came from), and my own musings therein, I decided to start a thread of my own. Not being blessed with being part of the anglosphere myself, at least I can benefit from tapping into the vaults of my native tounge.

This thread will therefore be exclusively dedicated to various Swedish entries I've gathered through the years, all translated into English (by hand of course; I'm not trusting any translation tool with Swedish grammar and idioms). Granted, they aren't plentiful but whatever can be added to the lore of omo, I'm only happy to contribute. A lot of what I'm going to translate on here is probably from the old Skymouse forum which incidentally had a dedicated Swedish subsection, but there are other sources as well, all of which are long since forgotten. Most of them are quite old by now, but no less significant. And just to be clear, I'm not the original author of any of these, I'm just translating them verbatim. Without further ado, let's dive into some ancient norse folklore (yes indeed, some are over 20 years old!), shall we?

*001*2024-04-14 10:35

This first one is a fictional story that turned out a real banger. I say "turned out" because honestly, I never thought much of it in its original form and I felt it working much better once translated into English. Maybe it's just me being conditioned on all the omo stories I've read over the years, or the linguistic separation that has made English the lingua franca of omo, who knows? I've got a feeling that will go for whatever else I'll be posting in this thread.

###

We're travelling, she and I. The train trudges along through the rural Swedish landscape. I'm casually looking out the window; grassland, cows, a caravan or two. Still quite a way left to the city. I'm checking my watch. It'll be nice to arrive home.

On the table between us is a few empty water bottles. It has been warm and dry today, a good reason to drink a lot. I look at her for a while. Light blue denim cut-offs, a cute white shirt, short blonde hair, cute mouth.

Now she wrinkles her forehead.

"What's up?"

"I need the bathroom."

I raise my eyebrow and point towards the white sign at the end of the carriage.

"Ugh, no, I never use train toilets."

"Why not?"

"No, yuck... there has probably been hundreds of butts on that seat just during the last two days. I'm not in the mood to catch clamydia. I'm just going to hold it."

Inside I feel a certain tingling sensation. There's still quite a ways away from the end station, and our journey will not end there.

We sit in silence for a while, browsing through our magazines.

After about twenty minutes she crosses her legs, a perfectly normal and relaxed movement. I look up and then down again.

Five minutes later I stand uo.

"Just going to the bathroom..." I smile haughtily. "You know, as a man I've got the benefit of standing..."

She sticks her tounge out at me. I'm sliding into the train toilet and void my own bladder. Then I'm thinking; last time she went was just before we left the cottage. That was two, almost three hours ago. Since then she has drunk almost three liters of liquid, probably more. Goddamn! I shake my head, almost impressed. She has to feel that now.

When I return she's squirming around a little, but doesn't say anything. We chit-chat for a bit, then it goes quiet.

From the edge of my magazine, I'm peeping and I see that she now has severe trouble with her legs; now they're crossed, now they're fanning in and out. She's squirming and writhing on her butt, just a little but noticeable. This is starting to get interesting.

"What time is it?"

"Half past one. We should arrive ten minutes past two."

"Forty minutes... oh my god."

"But..." Sure, it's arousing, but I'm not a sadist, "Use the train toilet then."

"No, I'm not gonna do that." She looks almost a bit insulted. "My god, I can hold it - I'm not five anymore, am I?"

"No no, sure..." I'm secretly enjoying the situation.

Time moves slowly. Now she's definitely crossing her long tanned legs, and sits a bit forward. Concentrating on her reading. I'm completely fascinated.

For long, long we sit like that. I can undisturbedly admire her from behind my shades. She thinks I'm slumbering. She's so cute. And very desperate.

Eventually, after what seems like an eternity for me but has to feel like even longer for her, the announcement came that we're approaching.

"Finally!" she utters, a bit louder than she intended, I guess.

"Starting to get critical?" I'm smiling again.

"Shut up!", She's already standing - stepping nervously back and forth. Tugging at her bag.

"Calm down..."

"No, it feels - it feels better this way. Oh my god - " Suddenly she bends forward and squeezes her legs together like crazy. The train has just bounced to a halt.

"You're alright?" I ask politely and she gives me a stare of pure hatred.

We stop, but there are a lot of people riding the train. A queue forms. I'm standing behind her while the snake of people slowly inches forward. She's bouncing on her feet, silently humming.

Eventually we get off the carriage and start walking along the platform. Or rather; I walk, she's jogging along.

Then I see the signs: RESTROOMS - TOILETS! I can already feel the disappointment. Relieved, she tosses me the bag.

"I'll be back in a second..." She's scurrying towards the salvation.

That's when I see it, and a shockwave runs through me. I keep my eyes on it; now she's almost there; she's snaking past an elderly couple and gets a clear view...

I can almost see how the disappointment hits her. Her shoulders sag, her body halts.

CLOSED FOR REPAIR

I watch her asking a passing employee. Then she returns, walking towards me with worry in her eyes.

"What's up?"

"They have closed the toilets for plumbing maintenance... something like that. Oh my god..."

"But, can they do that? For the entire day?"

"They'll open up again in two hours, they have just began." She looks really anxious now. "Damnit, I should have gone on the train, I don't think I'll make it..."

This is the first time she has admitted just how desperate she is. I try to brace myself.

"What, you don't think you'll make it? Your twenty-two for christ's sake, you should avoid wetting yourself?"

"I don't know anymore." Her eyes say it all. She's biting her lip.

"This is just silly. We can't remain here. Let's find the car and then hurry home as quickly as we can, ok? Then you can pee at home."

"Y-yes, sure..." She barely listens. She can hardly stand still.

"If you can make it, that is. Or we could find a petrol station somewhere..."

"Nono, home will be fine. That'll be fine." She wants to avoid discussions.

"Ok, come on then."

We walk towards the parking lot. All the way she's anxiously moving her lower body and mutters quietly to herself. It takes a while to find the car. Eventually we sit in it though. She's got some problems to sit down - breathing heavily - but then she finds a half-curled up position that seems to work.

We have hardly made it out from the train station when it comes:

"Seriously, I can't do it... I'm gonna piss my pants!"

"No no, don't talk like that. It'll be fine, it's only ten minutes until we're home..."

But I know I'm very optimistic; even under optimal traffic circumstances it'll take at least fifteen minutes to drive home from the station. During rush hour it can take up to half an hour.

"Oh my god, I don't want to wet myself! Like a little girl! So embarrassing..."

She keeps her hands pressed against her crotch now, so obvious, and I'm getting so excited it's hard to concentrate on the driving.

We stop at a traffic light and she whines. "Hurry, hurry..."

Eventually it turns green and I step on the gas. We shoot away across the junction. Now it shouldn't take more than five minutes, tops.

"Oh noooo..."

I look down on her lap, and there, just where she's got her hand, a tiny dark blue spot emerges.

"That's alright"

"No, no...." She's sweating. I'm turning onto our street.

"Now, soon..."

I brake and park the car. She's sitting bent forward.

"I don't know if I even can get out..."

"Yes you can", I tell her, "Just do it quickly!" She decidedly grabs the door handle and then - she flies out of the car in a swift, fitful movement. I get over to the other side and lock the car.

"Some more came out in my shorts!" I don't know why she's telling me that, but I love it.

"Okay, okay, it's okay. Here are the keys..." She grabs them and starts walking towards the building, hunched over with one hand firmly pressed into her crotch. I follow.

It's a five-story building and we live on the third. Usually she takes the stairs two steps each, but not today. Now she's tiptoeing forward, anxiously muttering; "Please, no more now... can't wet myself... don't want to..."

I'm at her heels and try to cheer her up.

"Just one landing left now... easy now..."

And then we're there. She fumbles with the keys. She's stamping back and forth, her sneakers slam against the landing.

"Hurryhurryhurry I'm wetting myself..."

I grab the keys and unlock the door. She storms into the flat, and then -

Downpour.

I stand in the doorway and watch how the wet spot spreads out over her jeans shorts, how it's growing down towards her thighs and becomes a stream. Her pee flows down her legs onto the floor in the hallway.

"Ohnooooo...."

A hissing sound is audible as her tortured bladder voids itself. The puddle on the floor grows slowly.

"Oooh.... I'm pissing my pants....oohhhh...."

She stands rock still and just watches the catastrophe. Both her thighs are soaked now; all of her butt is dark blue. It takes at least a minute for her to stop peeing.

"Oh no... I pissed my pants..." She's unconsolable. "Like a little girl... I couldn't hold it..."

I move towards her. "Ssshhhh..."

She stands and looks at the puddle around her feet. I notice a trickle still running down one of her legs. I stand behind and hug her. My crotch rubs against her butt and I think she realizes just how excited I am.

"It's alright", I whisper, "It's alright." I let my hand slide down and grab her soaking butt. I smack it playfully. She turns around.

"You know", she mumbles, "my panties are totally soaked. Totally pee-soaked."

"Are they", I mutter, "Well, then I'll have to take them off."

We walk towards our bedroom, all wrapped up around each other.

Later we help each other clean up the puddle.

*004*2024-04-20 20:04

This one is a supposedly true sightning, told from the perspective of one of the girls present. I've taken some liberty in tidying up the language to make it more readable and less, let's say, MSN-chattish.

###

I was attending a girls' party yesterday night. We sang karaoke and had a bit to drink (otherwise that wouldn't be very funny). Then me and two friends, named Sofia and Sanna, were to ride home together and sleep over at Sofie's. When we were ready to leave for home, everyone were a little bit tipsy. We're about to take the last bus home for the night. So we walk down, it's a bit of a walk to the bus stop, and it was cold outside as well and I wasn't wearing very much either.

When we're standing at the bus stop, Sanna is bobbing up and down so at first I thought she was cold, since I was a bit cold myself. But as we had to wait there almost twenty minutes (the bus departs once every thirty minutes), she uttered this exact phrase: "Damn, I should have gone to the loo before we left!". And just like that I felt a tingle inside. I though to myself that maybe I would withess some nice desperation. And sure enough I did...

The journey home would take about half an hour and all the time Sofie sat teasing her and made pee noices and talked about waterfalls. Normally that would have been very mean but like I said, we were all a bit tipsy. And indeed, I was laughing so much I almost wet myself. Sanna did not think it was the least bit fun though. We were alone in the bus as well. All the way she sat bent forward and pressed on her abdomen and the inside of her thighs and squeezed her legs together. And I was tingling all over, it was so incredibly exciting to watch. I almost shuddered.

About five minutes before we were to arrive, and Sofie was still teasing her and I was still laughing, she said: "Please Sofie, I'm so damn desperate it's not funny, okay?!" And Sofie replied like "ksssskssssksss" and started laughing again and then Sanna said again: "Sofie, please just stop!", so she stopped.

The sad part was that we had arrived now, but I was still so excited that I was shaking. When we got off the bus it wasn't very long to walk so we sort of half-ran all the way. But now I knew she would make it, so my excitement began fading. I was almost disappointed.

But when we arrived, don't you think that Sofie had forgot her keys when we left home!

And Sanna's face then...

So we were standing there outside her door while Sofie tried to call her brother. And Sanna was so pissed! Although now I thought that she would find a bush somewhere and relieve herself there, but I didn't want to suggest that. If I had been sober perhaps, but now I was a hundred percent turned on again. I was shuddering even worse than before. I glanced at her crotch every now and then but didn't want to make it too obvious.

Anyway, Sofie couldn't reach her brother so we decided to go to Sanna's place instead. The problem was that Sanna didn't have enough spare beds for us three, but since I live rather close to her, I could walk home the last bit from the bus stop. I told her I didn't feel too well (an excuse; I was so turned on I thought I was going to faint!). So we all half-ran back to the bus stop not to miss the bus, and we just about made it.

Now it was about twenty minutes left before we would part. During the first ten minutes Sanna said several times that she was about to burst, that she never had been so desperate before, that she "never needed a toilet this bad". Then she said she wouldn't make it, that she almost was wetting herself. Then Sofie started fooling around again, making pee noices and so on and Sanna became really angry and hissed "Would you shut up, you bitch! I'm pissing myself!" Sofie just laughed her ass off and I looked down in Sanna's crotch. I felt I was about to have an orgasm without even touching myself, I was that excited.

Then I saw the tiny spot. I couldn't believe my eyes, I didn't even know what to think.

The tiny dark spot on her jeans between her legs grew bigger and bigger. It was all quiet, so quiet I could hear Sanna's breathing as she desperately tried to clench herself. I could hear the stream of urine shooting out into her jeans, the faint hissing sound of Sanna peeing herself. I'm not sure but I think I got an orgasm then. I've never seen anything as beautiful.

When she was done she didn't quite know what to do. At first I thought she was crying but then she started chuckling, and then Sofie began laughing again, as did I. When we got off the bus, she was walking with her legs wide apart, but then we went our separate ways.

Then, well, I ran home and up to my room, tore off my clothes and laid down on my bed with my vibrator and dreamed myself back. This was the best thing that ever happened to me, I still have a hard time believing it.

*005*2024-04-27 20:12

Another sightning told from the perspective of the onlooker.

###

A few years ago I was in Oslo with a few other swedes. It was in the middle of summer and we lived in some empty student flats in an area in the north of Oslo, at least a 30 minute ride with the tube from the town center. One night we had been at the pub together and just about made the last train home. As soon as we left the pub, one of the girls in the group started talking about going to the toilet. We had about ten minutes to walk to the tube station and we all helped looking for toilets along the way. We didn't find any, but outside the station she found one herself and went in there.

However, we had to stand and wait quite a while on the platform. Apparently that was enough for her to become desperate again. It didn't take long until I noticed she had a hard time sitting still. She threw nervous glances around her (probably to see if there wasn't a toilet somehere nearby), and suddenly she stood up and started walking to the other end of the platform. In hindsight I suspect she was trying to find somwhere to pee there, but I didn't realize it then. We were all dressed for summer, and she wore a pretty long light skirt and went barefoot with sandals. I still think about how much I would've liked to see her wet herself there with the pee trickling down her calves into a growing puddle around her feet. Oh well, of course she didn't pee, but instead the train arrived and we all boarded.

We all had drunk quite a few beers, and there were probably several of us who started needing a toilet by this time. But it was absolutely obviously worst for her. Only a few minutes after the train had departed, she said she was unsure whether or not she would be able to hold it all the way home. I sat right opposite to her and of course hoped deep inside that she wouldn't make it. Although I and the others tried of course to encourage her and say that it would be alright, but as she grew more and more desperate, one of her friends seriously suggested that she should walk further down the carriage to squat down and pee between the seats there. We were almost alone in the carriage. However, she didn't want to do that and instead remained seated. Soon she looked almost panic-stricken and sat pressing her hands down into her lap.

It was now four stations remaining of the journey. By the next time the train stopped and the doors opened, she hastily stood up and ran swiftly out onto the platform without saying anything to us. One of her girl friends followed. I don't know what happened later with her that night, but according to her friend who told me afterwards, she had thrown herself behind the first bush she could find and peed there, clearly visible from the platform. It was in the middle of night after all, so I hardly believe there were many people around. Afterwards they had walked five kilometers home without a map through the northern suburbs of Oslo. But what wouldn't you do to avoid an accident...

