The Omo Mansion

Author: AmIGod

*000*2025-09-05 23:08

After spending all day outside, I finally see the heavy gates of the Omo Mansion. The imposing edifice stands quietly before me. The mistress of this manor is a mysterious woman who always wears a mask. We, the other inhabitant of the Omo Mansion, must respect her. She sets the rules of this house and decides who can live under her roof. No one really understands why she acts this way, and outsiders have no idea what goes on inside her home.

About three months ago, I met the mistress by chance in a park. We chatted briefly, or rather, she asked me strange questions about life for about 30 minutes. Then she asked if I was interested in free accommodation for an indefinite period. Since then, I have been living a rather strange life in the Omo mansion.

Upon entering the house, I arrive in the living room, where the door leading to the one and only bathroom stands proudly, like an ancient relic. Of course, in front of it, about a dozen people are waiting in line. They all look desperate. Some are squirming, clenching their thighs together. I think I can even see a small wet patch on one of the girl's pants from here. They must have been waiting for a while; clearly, not all of them will make it.

Since there is only one toilet in the entire manor, it's not uncommon to see people queuing to use it. I can rarely go in it to relieve myself in peace myself. That's why it's common to see people wetting themselves here, and I suppose that's why so many of people living here develop a fetish for omorashi.

That's for sure the case with Alice, a girl my age. She's always cooking up some mischief to make people wet themselves. When I see how many people are waiting to use the bathroom, I know she's probably around nearby, laughing to herself. I'd bet my life on it. I start walking around the room and, sure enough, I quickly spot Alice and her two friends, watching and laughing at the people waiting in line.

I approach them and raise my voice.

Emilia:

"What have you done now, Alice?"

The girl with black hair turns to face me. I see her face harden as soon as she looks at me.

Alice:

"Urgh... Emilia... Mind your own business; I'm just having my fun right now."

Alice really hates me. I don't know why, but ever since I arrived, she's been trying to make me pee my pants in front of her almost every day. She's never succeeded, though, which probably makes her even more mad at me.

Emilia:

"I'm pretty sure your pranks will get you into trouble one day."

Alice:

"Oh, You're worried about me? How cute.

I have my guys here for me you know?

Besides, you'd better worry about yourself more."

She takes a step toward me with a mischievous look appears on her eyes, trying to intimidate me.

Alice:

"I have a feeling you'll be joining that line soon."

Why does she always look down on me? She's not even that much taller than me.

Emilia:

"Oh don't worry - not a chance!"

Alice:

"Really? Why are you so confident?"

Emilia:

"I feel completely empty right now. You won't even see me struggle a little today."

I say, walking away, convinced that I'll stay dry for the rest of the evening.

Ten minutes later, I'm writhing and squirming on one of the hallway armchairs. How on earth did she do that?! I can feel the pressure on my bladder screaming at me to just let it out. I sit up straight, take a deep breath and press my hand between my thighs. I can't pee myself, not today, not after what I told to Alice. I can't give her what she want. I've always managed to writhing Alice's bullying before, and today will be no different! I need to find a solution.

Can I just pee on the floor ? No, there are cameras in the mansion that allow people to see everything that happens. Besides, I would have to clean up after myself if I wanted to avoid getting punished. Of course, the only broom closet is right next to where Alice and her two dogs are. I can't risk them seeing me that desperate.

I could pee on something absorbent like the armchair, but the wet patch would be visible on camera. I know! The cameras in the bedrooms can only be used by the room's occupants. I just need to find an excuse to get my roommates to leave the room for a few minutes. Then, I could pee in my bed, and no one would see. I could wash my sheets, and it would be like nothing happened. My plan is perfect!

After the pressure in my bladder has eased slightly, I walk to my bedroom. I open the door and search my mind for something to say to my roommates that will make them leave without suspecting anything. But to my surprise, they aren't there. Instead, there is Julia, a tall, curvy woman who seems a little older than me. She is tidying up one of my roommates' desks.

When she hears the door opening, she turns to me and smiles warmly.

Julia:

"Oh, hello dear. It's certainly messy in here. Lily should organise here books from time to time."

Julia is like a mother to us all. She is a very kind, sweet and caring person. Everyone enjoys her company and she's always ready to help.

Emilia:

"Hey-"

I respond timidly. I don't know why but I always feel relaxed when I see or hear from her.

But a small leak in my panties made me come back to my situation - I can't relax right now.

Emilia:

"Lily and Amy aren't here ?"

Julia:

"No, Amy's out and I think Lily's in the library. I was just about to change everyone's sheets when I saw how messy Lily's desk was."

Emilia:

"Oh, okay-"

I sit on my bed, trying to find a way to make her leave the room, but I can't. I'm too distracted by my desperation. Soon enough, Julia started to realize it.

Julia:

"Is something wrong, sweetheart? You're squirming."

Emilia:

"Ah- It's nothing really !"

Julia:

"Hmmm ?"

Julia looks at me suspiciously. I try to act natural, but the pressure from my full bladder forces me to rub my crotch.

Julia:

"You need to pee?" Why don't you just go to the bathroom?"

Emilia:

"I—I can't.

There's a huge line, and Alice is waiting to see me like this. I can't let her know that she's right. You understand?"

Julia:

"Ah, yes, I see. So, what are you going to do?"

Emilia:

"Keep that to yourself, but...

I was thinking of... d- doing it in my panties in secret."

I blush at my words. Even though it's common, talking about it when you're about to explode is really embarrassing.

Julia:

"Here ?"

Emilia:

"Y- yeah-"

Julia:

"..."

There was a moment of silent. Julia looked at me innocently.

Emilia:

"C- can you leave the room for a moment please ?"

Julia:

"Oh, yes of course sorry."

Julia started walking toward the door but stopped right at the door and hesitated for a moment.

Emilia:

"Julia ? What are you waiting for ?"

Julia:

"Actually... Hum... Can I watch?"

My heart skips a beat. I can't believe those words came from Julia.

Emilia:

"W-what?"

Julia turns to me. Her cheeks are completely red. Her eyes are filled with curiosity.

Julia:

"Can I stay and watch you while you... while you wet yourself?"

I know it sounds weird, and if you're uncomfortable, I won't insist, but... My heart is pounding right now, and knowing what you're about to do is... It's really arousing for me. I... I really want to see it."

This expression... It's the first time I've seen Julia's face show it. I can see her chest moving at the pace of her breathing.

Emilia:

"I... I didn't know you'd like something like that."

Julia:

"I've been into it for a long time, but... I just never showed it. I listened to all the stories and saw every accident, and each time, it secretly turned me on. I've always been curious about having an experience like this in private, but I've never had the courage to ask someone to do it just for me. Now, I feel like it's the perfect time." I... Emilia, can you pee yourself in front of me today?"

Emilia:

"I..."

My cheeks are getting red too. Why do I feel so weird? My pride wants to refuse, but...

Emilia:

"I guess I can let you watch..."

I say shyly, my head now facing the floor, unable to believe what I just said.

Julia's eyes sparkle with excitement.

Julia:

"Thank you so much ! You're the best, Emilia !"

She then sits on the bed next to mine, which is Lily's. She alternates her gaze between my face and my crotch.

I could feel the tension mounting. I was feeling nervous as the desperation slowly reached its peak. I sat up straight with my hands still between my thighs. I didn't know what to do. How exactly is she expecting me to act?

I held it in as much as I could, feeling the pressure building inside me. That's when I heard Julia's voice.

Julia:

"It really seems painful now. Y- you should just let go now."

I look up at her, processing her advice before closing my eyes, taking a deep breath, and relaxing. I feel the warm liquid flowing into my panties and caressing my bottom and thighs. As a wet spot spreads on my pink skirt and on the bed below me, Julia lets out a small gasp.

Julia:

"You're doing it ! You're peeing in your panties, just for me !"

As planned, my panties, skirt, and sheets absorbed everything, not letting a single drop reach the floor.

Even with my eyes closed, I could feel Julia's gaze on me. It's a bit humiliating. This feeling is strong inside me. It's not really shame; I think I like it!

The relief feels awesome. I've been holding it in for a while, and the instant release of pressure feels wonderful.

I slowly reopened my eyes and felt so light. I see Julia's face, her eyes fixed on the wet spot between my thighs. Her cheeks are flushed red, her eyes glow, and she's still breathing heavily.

Julia:

"Emilia, you're so cute like that !

Do you think I could take a photo ?"

Emilia:

"Only if you promise to keep it to yourself."

Julia:

"Thank you so much !"

She sat next to me, wrapped her arm around my shoulder, and pulled out her phone. She smiles and makes a "V" shape with her fingers as she takes a selfie with me.

Julia:

"Don't worry. Your secret is safe with me. Alice won't know a thing!

Also, I'll wash your sheets and clothes for you. Don't worry!

I was going to change everyone's sheets anyway."

She says this while patting my head gently.

She stayed with me for a while, comforting me. She even helped me discreetly get to the bathroom and take a shower once the line Alice created was gone. She was the only one aware of what I had done that day.

During tonight's dinner, I saw the look on Alice's face. She was furious that I managed to not get wet or appear desperate in front of her today.

Omo Mansion pilot episode - end

###

I am very nervous about posting this ! It's my first time writing a story like that, I would really appreciate any criticism you have about it !

I don't know yet if I'll write other episodes but, I already have ideas and I'm actually excited to write them down.

In any case, thank you very much for reading this story. If you have any suggestions about what you'd like to see in the future, please don't hesitate to let me know !

___

&&

&&

&&

*006*2025-09-11 23:22

{{On 9/7/2025 at 9:10 AM, FlowingFaster said:

How big is the mansion? Is it at least three floors with a basement and attic? Just thinking about a building that big with only one bathroom definitely gets me aroused. Think about how long it would take to get to the bathroom in the middle of the night? Are chamber pots available or is the only toilet in the whole house the only option?

}}

The mansion has 4 floors counting basement and attic (even if residents really rarely get in those).

As for how long it takes to get to the bathroom, it depends on where your room is in the mansions. Lucky residents like Emilia or Alice are in the 1st floor and can "easily" get to it in time (hoping it's not already taken). But for the one of the 2nd floor it's a different story.

There's no chamber pots nowhere but it's allowed to bring one. Just know that no residents have a bedroom for themselves and they all have at least one roommate. Considering bedrooms are in one single room, you can't really get total privacy with this solution.

