Anna: The Incontinent Knight

Author: Ankonia

*000*2025-09-03 10:34

Warning: This story contains wetting, humiliation, and shit. The image used was not created by me or with AI, but was taken from a hentai site.

In a medieval kingdom where chivalry and honor reigned supreme, there lived a young woman named Anna. With her long blonde hair falling straight to her waist, azure eyes as blue as a summer sky, and a stunning physique, Anna was known for her beautiful ass and her bountiful tits. Her generous curves were the envy of many and the object of desire for many, but Anna had a dream that transcended her beauty: she wanted to become a knight.

Anna was tall and slender, with smooth and luminous skin that seemed to glow under the sun. Her face was framed by rosy cheeks and thin but perfect lips, always ready to curve into a mischievous smile. Her toned and well-defined body was the result of years of secret training with the sword and the bow. Belonging to a noble family, Anna's destiny was to remain in her dwelling and marry a young knight, but Anna was determined to prove that she was more than a noblewoman; she was a warrior.

One day, the king announced a tournament to select new knights who would descend into war to defend their sovereign with honor. Anna, dressed in armor that combined white fabric and gold pieces, presented herself at the tournament. The armor, although heavy, showcased Anna's generous physique in all its splendor. The shirt and pants of white fabric wrapped around her curves, while the gray iron armor strategically protected the vital parts, revealing her seductive silhouette.

During the tournament, Anna distinguished herself with her courage and skill, winning the admiration of all. However, her armor, although imposing, was not comfortable. During a break between the trials, Anna felt a growing pressure in her bladder, caused by the beers offered during the tournament. She desperately sought a hidden place to remove her armor and piss, but in the great chaos of the tournament, she found no quiet place. While other knights fought in the arena, Anna ran in every zone, holding her hands tightly to her small pussy in a vain attempt not to piss herself as the moment of her entrance into the arena approached.

With each passing minute, the tension increased, and as she prepared for the final test, she could no longer hold it. Just as Anna heard the announcer pronounce her name, she knew there was nothing left to do, letting go of her pussy and a strong stream of warm piss flowed gently down her legs, eliciting a small moan of relief from the young warrior. The final test consisted of a duel against an experienced knight. Anna, with her wet and uncomfortable armor, entered the arena shyly, her face turning red with shame, aware that her incident was visible to the entire audience.

When the experienced knight noticed the piss-soaked pants of the young woman, he began to laugh and soon said, "Did you piss yourself already before the duel even started? Do I scare you that much? If you see what I'm capable of, you'll piss yourself for the rest of your life! Ahahahh." The duel was very fierce and, as a result, it lasted a long time, and the pressure in her stomach increased again. To avoid a shit incident, which was much more humiliating, Anna competed with all her might, delivering a powerful blow, disorienting her opponent. But it was just a feint, and a strong sword blow to the abdomen caught her by surprise.

Fortunately, the armor was double-coated in gold, and the protagonist was not injured. However, the blow was so powerful that it caused her to lose control of her intestines. A large amount of solid and liquid shit filled her pants, creating a noticeable brown bulge in the back, which turned from white to brown, and the liquid part of the shit ran all down her pants, reaching inside her boots, completely soiling the white fabric of her pants.

Anna, her face red with shame, began to cry, and with a mighty blow caused by her great frustration, she disarmed the warrior and won the duel. After that, she bowed before the king. But the king, noticing her discomfort, asked her to approach. With her heart in her throat, Anna approached, feeling the stares of everyone upon her. The king, with a smile, said, "Anna, for your courage and skill, I name you a knight. But remember, a true knight must face their own weaknesses with honor and dignity."

That was both the most beautiful and most humiliating day of Anna's life. Despite the embarrassment and the laughter directed at her, Anna knew she had achieved her goal. But her story as a knight had only just begun, and a great and long war awaited her…

