Deep Trip

Author: Álvaro de Campos

*000*2016-06-23 15:16

From something that's mostly sex stuff but one desperation scene

*********

"I... Can't!"

"Yes you can. just breath"

"You're so hard! Oh my god I want to... So bad!"

"Breathe."

He watched her scrunch her eyes clothes and take two medium breaths, continuing to stroke him, smooth and measured, but the third stroke was deep and languorous and her breath caught in her throat.

"Breathe"

She breathed out slow and heavy and her strokes continued in the same fashion. I felt her soft but firm grip readjust ever so slightly and i throbbed involuntarily in response. At the crest of her stroke she spread her delicate fingers over the engorged head, swirling them in the copious precum. A whimper of desire escaped her.

"Baby-" her whole torso seized like I had touched her.

"If you call me baby again I'm not gonna be able to make it"

"Tasha"

"When you call me baby... Look" her voice was breathy and lusty. She unclenched her legs, which had been tightly crossed, her left hand balled into a white knuckles fist and thrust between them, and pulled the waistband up of the already skin tight briefs worn when traveling Deep and I saw the wet spot darken and spread. It was extremely tempting to say it again, to see my words have a tangible, visceral effect. She looked up at me with heavy, plaintive eyes.

"...Tasha"

"Yes" she was still tugging the fabric, thinking I wouldn't notice, or or perhaps not noticing herself, the tiniest rocking motion her hips began making. Her grip on me was as firm and urgent as the erection felt.

"I need you... To stroke my cock" I knew the word cock would affect her, but the nebula was touching me also, and it did immediately, her eyelids dropped and she pulled at her panties harder and began grinding into them openly. She speed up, went from stroking to jerking me. I watched a bead of sweat fall in between her two breasts.

Natashas bustiness had tortured me long before we entered the nebula. The standard Deep uniform was as feeble at containing her bosom as it was the wetness of her sexual arousal, and she was often unintentionally spilling out of the skin tight cotton tank top. In this scenario I was able to stately freely at her creamy, perfect complexion. She noticed, and squeezed arms together slightly providing an unnecessary boost to an already stunning cleavage. One of her fingers had crept down from her waistband and was pressing slightly above the center of her wet spot.

"Tasha move your hand"

"Please, please! You're so fucking... hard and smooth, I can't have your cock right here in my hand and have NOTHING touch me between my-"

"You can. You have to" what Natasha did next surprised me. She stood up, letting go of my penis which I only barely restrained myself from grasping in her absence, and took off her briefs completely. She was immaculately shaved, which surprised me as often the difficulty of controlling oneself in the nebula leads to female officers rushing through grooming their sensitive areas as not to succumb to temptation (and we would have all been dead if she had), but extremely swollen and sticky. Natasha's thighs were a perfect milky white but her pussy was a hungry pink and her clit stared a deep ruby from within, like the Eye from within the nebula. She then kneeled down and placed my own hungrily engorged member in her mouth and began essentially performing oral sex. I began to explain this against protocol but before I could begin getting the words out I felt my balls clench and I began spurting rope after rope of cum into her throat.

"Tash... Fuck" using both hands with twisting motions she milked the cum out of me, which she swallowed as it came. It took her three full gulps and when she finally disengaged it was dripping out of the corners of her lips. One last strand dripped from her pouty lips, pink and full, to my still hard penis and fell into her cleavage. She wiped her mouth but not her breasts. That strand of semen glistened on the flush of arousal on her heaving bust, both lasting the entire evening as we ate across from each other in the mess deck in a charged silence.

@@The first to break was Elle. It never fails to surprise me, whoever it is. Elle was blond and petite, although her modest b-cup breasts were flattered the tight, thin uniform. I found her topless, clutching one of her breasts and rubbing a pink, puffy nipple in her bed, while her other hand working franticly under her bottoms which had bunched up just slightly under her round butt. Just as I found her something dropped out of her hand at her breast as her head tilted back and she fell deeper into her own pleasure. From the look of it she had been perhaps a minute and a half to three minutes away from orgasming. I hit the alarm and quickly came up behind her putting my arms under hers and pinning them behind her back. She didn't whimper or cry out or struggle, she only turned her had back and began nuzzling my chest and neck. With her ass she pushed back into me and the feeling of my by now throbbing penis sinking into the softness of her ass cheeks took ninety minutes of meditation to dislodge from my mind after she had been safely locked up.

"Just slide it in real quick" she whispered quickly, desperately "I know they're coming, just real quick push it up into my-" I could tell the talk was pushing her closer to the edge even without any direct stimulation, as is sometimes the case. Crews have been lost to avalanches started by not appreciating it may only take a slight breeze to finish toping a boulder that has already received much nudging.

"Shhh Shhh" With one hand I covered her her mouth and with the other guided my erection gently up in between her legs to silence her. She pressed back down onto it, but did not bounce, just pushed into it. We are trained to view static motion as an improvement on stochastic motion which is an improvement on rhythmic motion.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry. It just smelled so good, I couldn't stop, I couldn't"

After they had taken her away and I was left alone to decompress, I picked up the bundle of cloth which had fallen out of fingers. It was the shirt I had used for physical training earlier that day. Elle had been laundry duty.

Natasha wouldn't look into my eyes, but whenever we were forced into close proximity I noticed her glancing, eyes down, in my direction, breathing deeply, towards my chest, stomach, even openly at my groin. By this point the every Charite had a perpetual wet spot between her legs but Natasha's was if not the largest the darkest, matching the sultry dark of her eyes. I stared back at her openly, moving my gaze up and down the voluptuousness and nubility of her body as if running a hand on her. Often she would stand, seemingly paralyzed, as I looked at her, her breath quicker, shallower, her nipples hardening. For the first time since I had been a cadet I questioned whether I would be able to make it through nebula. I knew whatever desire I was struggling with was but a fraction of her own, and her outward calm, which we both knew was a delicate veneer over seething lust, inspired me, but also made me want her even more.

@@It is not uncommon that the girls find alternative outlets for the pent up sexual energy, which occasionally becomes problematic. The most common by far is vigorous PT, but the range of escapes and sublimations I've seen is as vast as it is strange. Some are intentional, like cooking or cleaning or knitting. One Charite spent every free moment polishing every inch of exposed chrome in a suggestive, sensual diligence. Some are semi intentional, like eating or nyasa massage. But often the strangest are the unintentional, where she doesn't realize her newfound habit or hobby is infused with a carnality. On the voyage which I am recounting the trierarch began a trend which became fashionable on the boat for a while of holding her pee unto the point of desperation. Ashley was technically the highest ranking officer, outranking even me, but it was she had just graduated and it her first trip, and even with an experienced crew the hierarchy of a boat somewhat realigns in the Deep, where the necessity or centrality of certain positions imbue them with an added, unofficial prestige (or vice versa). Ashley was a brunette of medium build, probably a c cup bust, who always kept her hair in a ponytail and always wore optional formal vest and thigh boots, the former a small mostly decorative garment that terminated above the stomach. I watched her standing in the center of the bridge, squirming.

"Ok so uh. 65.7 you said?"

"Yes, and we haven't reached the field yet"

"Ok. Ok um. Standard pace 93.3?" She was bouncing at the knees, clutching her tablet with both hands.

"Yes but that was set 25 years ago, before the Eye bloomed"

"Madame?" Valentina, Ashley's first mate, said formerly even though they were both the same age. She had both of her hands between her legs and was alternately bending them up behind her, sort of twisting in place as if she was trying to screw herself into the floor.

"Hold on, so we have to add.. Uh um.." Ashley stuck a hand between her own legs and crossed them idly " uh" she began bouncing again.

"Ashley" Valentina said with urgency. She had stopped moving and and was staring down.

"74 hours before we reach the field at the current rate." The navigator finished for her. Her voice was gentle but steady; I had found Saanvi to be one of the most competent Charites on the boat. "I think we can cut it down to 63 if we speed up and travel around these clusters" the navigator was hidden by the back of her chair and I couldn't see where she was pointing "anything more and we run a real risk of collision"

"Collision" Ashley repeated distractedly while lifting a leg in the air.

Suddenly Valentina gasped and Ashley appeared to notice her for the first time. "Does the first mate request evacuation?" She inquired in unmalicious but unsympathetic formality of a valedictorian.

"Mhm mhm" was all Valentina could get out. Valentina was more petite then Ashley, and so although she probably had the same c cup bust her curves were more striking on her small frame, and despite myself I couldn't help but notice what was happening to her cleavage squeezed between her two arms. Like many Latinas Valentina was extremely callipygian, and as she bounced the firm, caramel cheeks of her ass began sliding out of her briefs as they rode up. Witnessing Valentina's urgency seemed to increase Ashley's own as she began to bounce even more.

"Granted.. and-" perhaps sensing that Ashley was about to formally announce her own intent to do the same the navigator, Saanvi, quickly interjected

"Madame, requesting evacuation?" Saanvi turned and I saw her legs crossed and that she was wiggling back and forth in her seat like a belly dancer.

At the thought of further delay Ashley bent leg.

"Ok, granted." Ashley caught my eye for a second and I watched the girlish distress be quickly replaced with the professionalism she used as her pillar. "apprêter!"

I watched a flicker of panic come across Valentina, who was already squatting over the bridge cabinet (it may seem strange to shoremen, but for the long stretches of active duty required in the Deep they're a standard and quite unremarkable institution). The procedure Ashley had begun was mostly archaic practice reserved for an active battle where it maintaining chain of command was paramount. A hand quickly rushed up to her pussy and even then I saw something trickle between her fingers. Saanvi jogged over to the second cabinet, squatted and looked up at Ashley expectantly. Ashley was marching in place and looked back and forth the two girls but did not given the second command. Valentina moaned and bounced in her squat. Saanvi maintained decor despite the plea in her eyes. Ashley suddenly curtsied at the waist and and stuck a hand between her legs and began marching quicker

"...amorcer" she was clearly about to burst. There was only one reasonable explanation why she was dragging this out. Saanvi lowered her briefs revealing her pleasantly plump, creamy brown thighs and Valentina just pulled them aside with the hand she was holding herself with, still bouncing.

"Amorcer plus" Ashley said staring at Valentina. Valentina had a similar blind trust in procedure and formality which was perhaps why they were so close, and she certainly wasn't thinking critically in that moment where all she could think about was relieving herself so instead of arguing she just whimpered and struggled to take off her briefs without straightening up and while still clutching herself. Saanvi however stared openly at Ashley in confusion. Somehow without me noticing until then, Natasha had come up beside me, although I did not look at her. Valentina was made clumsy by her desperation, and so despite Saanvis best efforts the wait, and the proximity to relief, begun to take their toll on her and she held herself, first putting her hand there and taking it away quickly, then putting it back and pressing before trying to take it away and again failing. I noticed stubble of pubic hair around her lips and above her clit and made a mental note to watch for a faltering.

"Ash I really gotta pee!"

"...yeah?" Ashley had a strange far away tinge in her eyes and the small circular motion she was making with her hands as she held herself did not escape me. Saanvi just stared back, confused and desperate.

"...yes! I really gotta go!"

"Prêt" Valentina had her eyes shut and a determined look but still bounced and cupped her entire vagina. She was beyond wondering why, she was merely attempting to follow orders as best as possible. Saanvi still looked plaintively at Ashley, who marched in place and stared at her two subordinates with drooping eyelids.

"Sublimated eroticism, pathologous" it was the first time Natasha had spoken to me since the venting where I had cum in her mouth and even just the sound of her voice sparked a tingle in me.

"I agree"

"Aren't you going to shut it down?"

"After. She's a superior, it would not do well to undermine her in front of crew"

"Is that the only reason you're waiting?"

"What?" I finally looked over at her and for the first time in a week and half her eyes were staring back into mine. Then she looked down. I hadn't realized it but I was fully hard.

"Ok are you ready?" Ashley was stalling beyond anything that be considered standard practice, even what been before had been archaic and ceremonial. Valentina was breathing like she was in labor and out of Saanvi came only an abbreviated moan she had clearly tried to hold back. Ashley squatted down like the two girls, as if she was above a cabinet, both of them looked at her, and still she remained tensely silent. Suddenly Valentina started whimpering ("ah! Ah! Ah!") and the plaintive look in Saanvis eyes became more urgent and she said in firm sobering voice "oh shit ash now, now"

"Lâcher!"

To my surprise Valentina did not remove the hand cupping her vagina, and merely splayed her fingers, and she poured over and through them like a waterfall. Saanvi stared at her explosive stream without changing her look plaintive desperation, her mouth opening as if in shock or awe. Valentina had closed her eyes again and the look of relief on her face was undeniably erotic. Both were moaning as if they were being fucked.

Ashley had watched for maybe eight seconds, becoming more and mor animated before finally shooting up and turning away and dancing in total desperation, clutching herself with both hands, one reaching from behind up under her butt, like a child.

"Oh, oh, oh, oh.. Ah!! Oh! Oh! Oh!" Her eyes were wide and almost curious.

"Are you ok commander" I asked tonelessly

"I'm... Oh! Oh! I'm !m.. Requesting evacuation sir!"

"Jesus, she wants to do it all again herself." Natasha whispered to me.

Valentina, whose small frame did not hold that much, was finishing, her hand moving up and down over the entire surface of her pussy, and she staggered away from the cabinet.

"apprêter" Ashley positioned herself over the hole and tried to squat but was bouncing so much she was almost standing. Saanvis stream was still going strong, and the sound was clearly killing her.

"amorcer" Ashley wriggled her briefs completely off, down and her over boots and put then beside her. It was impossible not to notice how slick and wet she was.

"Ok, ok" she looked right at me and I toyed with the idea of making her wait, and felt my dick pulse. It is strange to see what the girls take to in their sexual frustration but always stranger still to see what I do.

"Lâcher" Ashley let loose but immediately moaned in a high pitched, almost curious voice, like she was being penetrated for the first time, and at that exact moment I felt Natasha's two fingers lightly run up my cock. Any other Cahrite I would have immediately instituted stiff discipline as a precaution as we are supposed to, but somehow I knew there was no danger of anything further from her. Natasha was the only crew member I trusted to torture me the way I had tortured her, and would continue to.

@@The lottery is ostensibly random but in actuality the Stud has almost complete control over it. This is to help with temptation. I stood staring at the screen in my room and stroked my glaring erection twice to try and ease its insistence. The knowledge that I could pick any of the Charites with the press of a button had aroused me uncomfortably. Of course, it is not too uncommon for the girls to choose auto-stimulative release even though it is less effective at venting, sometimes due to shyness, sometimes due to lack of imagination, sometimes due to a residual trace of the morals of their particular upbringing. Some choose manual stimulation or massaged release, no penetrative action, craving the touch of a man but feeling perhaps that was more acceptable (a common choice for the rare betrothed Charite). Of course some craved the touch of a woman; he drew a strange and powerful pleasure from watching a lesbian Charite undergo venting at the hands of one who was not, or at least was never before, aroused by other girls as the combination of the nebula and passionate response of the patient never failed to spark some sort of tingling, often a strong one which required isolation and meditation to cool the new saphic yearnings. But most of Charites simply chose to be fucked, quickly.

@@So most likely he could have had Tasha, at least in some fashion. He definitely could have eased the constant state of lust she struggled against. He watched her at night sometimes through the closed circuit above her bed, lying on her back, unable to sleep, the closest she ever came to touching an erogenous zone was the one arm in between her breasts resting a hand on her flushed chest just under neck and he other at her side, slowly kneading the sheet on her mattress. He would stare into her black eyes, made all the more dark in contrast to her ivory skin, watching the turmoil within them, wondering what she thought, what she felt, before he finally shut off the screen worried he might lose control himself. By the book she was probably the best candidate for venting. But he knew he wouldn't pick her, he somehow knew she wouldn't break secretly, in a cabinet stall, or her bedroom, that if she finally succumbed to the the sexual urges the nebula poured into she would come to him directly (the question was what then he would do).

He considered Saanvi, as the stubble around her sensitive area was perhaps an indicator she was feeling something strong from between her legs, and it was always important for the navigator to be clear headed. He pressed her icon to switch the screen to her and saw her showering post PT, her chocolate skin covered in white suds. She had huge boobs, at least a dd cup slightly bigger then Tasha's, but they fit her thicker frame, she had an appealing voluptuousness, with large aureoles, not something that he usually found attractive but like her slight plumpness it fit her. He watched her wash herself thoroughly and diligently, except for her breasts, which she only lightly washed, and between her legs which she touched not at all. Some girls find light stimulation eases the pressure but others, like Saanvi, he guessed, dealt with desire best by complete abstinence. Her lust was behind a door tightly locked, and might burst out of the door cracked even slightly.

So who then?

@@There were Eun and Mitsuki, envoys from United Korea and the Exulted Japanese Federation respectively. He always found it hard to appraise the eastern Charites, they mostly stuck to the their Diplomatic Wing, and the treaty prevented close circuits in their rooms. Misaki was possessed of the rigid discipline of the EJF, like Ashley always dressed in full formals, and was not likely to break but she was stunningly beautiful and especially well endowed for a Japanese girl, as was Eun for a Korean, with her pink streaked hair; she was more spunky, quick to giggle, an embodiment of the strange reflection of western culture that was korean culture. Although Euns good humor never faltered, her work in the engineering bay had; there had been a steadily increasing string of minor errors. Although both were natives to their countries Mitsuki always spoke in flawless, accent less English, but Eun often muttered to herself in korean, and although it was incomprehensible to him, it seemed lately her personal narration in the Bay, the only place he could watch her, had taken a decidedly sultry, breathy turn. There was Ashley, who had become sterner since she had been chastised for her habit of not going to the bathroom to the point of desperation. There was the intern Sophie, extremely young, perhaps actually virgin. She had been eying him as brazenly as Natasha, and the few times they were alone when he showed her how to operate the surveillance screen or rig the organic matter condenser in the kitchen to approximate brownies or chicken she would ask him about past ventings, often trying to draw out an unseemly level of detail which he occasionally indulged her in despite his better judgement. She often watched him shower and pt with an openness which caused even other girls to comment on, despite the unwritten tradition of not drawing attention to or shaming another Charites personal struggle.

It was between those four then. He brought their icons up on the screen: Ashley, pretty, well built, a leader we needed to be sharp and recently denied her outlet due to its pathologousness. Sophie, uncommonly beautiful, a nubile body whose womanly curves were still fresh but striking , a young girl clearly struggling with urges still so new she would've been struggling with them without the added boost of the nebula. Eun, a cute girl made hot by her fun attitude and unexpected voluptuousness, a somewhat unknown whose work was being comprised ostensibly by her distracted arousal. Mitsuki, strikingly gorgeous with big boobs and a round ass on a slim frame, her soft features were contrasted compellingly with her disciplined, firm gaze, no visible threat of breaking, I just wanted her.

I pressed the button to privately and randomly select. It was a mutual venting, so in fourteen hours even if the selection chose to get herself off, I could watch and cum with her. I went to the meditation chamber three times as I waited but I was almost constantly erect.

Each girl hopes its her. They are somewhat aware that it tends to usually be one of the girls in greatest need but still believe to some degree the randomness encompasses all of them. Many watch the announcement screen with open eagerness but I've always found the suppressed glimmer of hope, piercing its way through despite the girls best attempts to be "rational", the most erotic. Sophie and Eun made no attempt to hide their eagerness and wishful thinking but I felt my dick stirring as I noticed the familiar failed attempt at nonchalance in Ashley and the despite-her-better-judgement expectancy in Saanvi. In all my trips every girl, without fail, hopes its her, but it still surprised me on some level to see the emotionless mask of Mitsuki falter and plaintive hope flicker across her soft, elegant features.

As is often, if not always the case, I could not help but feel regret as I looked around at the girls I had not chosen. Saanvis breasts bounced as she moved. Next to me the biologist rubbed her legs together almost like she needed to pee. Kameka was a shy nice black girl with light skin and light, almost blonde, burst of natural hair, and body that seemed sculpted. She looked at me and smiled sheepishly.

"I haaate this waiting." She said shifting her legs, almost as if she had to pee. I had flown with her before, even vented with her, and knew that she was unlikely to break, but despite her discipline, and quiet personality, few of the girls actively engaged in venting as Kameka.

The screen automaticaly turned on and voice said through speakers on every room on the boat (though everyone was of course In the screen room itself)

"ATTENTION: participants for mutual venting event scheduled for 0900 hours voyage day 63, Union day Maia 17 732, have been randomly selected. They are as follows. Male: William Strop. William Strop please report to the vent AFTER the completion of this announcement. Female: Mitsuki Koizumi. Mitsuki Koizumi, please report to the vent now."

I could tell they were surprised. Most probably expected Natasha, maybe Eun or Sophie. In the haze of their own desires Mitsuki probably seemed as stoic as mountain upon receiving the news but I noticed her breath quicken, that she tried to cover her nipples hardening push through the thin fabric of top with the tiny jaquetta vest, that the tiny wet spot between her legs, which had aways been the smallest of all the girls, was darkening. She caught me staring at her, looked back for a brief moment and walked purposefully out of the room. Some Charites had like Saanvi and Ashley began busy work to distract themselves, a few were staring off despondently like Eun, and Sophie and Kameka looked directly at me hungrily knowing what i would soon be doing.

