The Locker

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2024-01-07 21:48

It’s been a long time since I’ve posted anything to the forums but I was thinking back over an event referenced in an original character I made’s backstory and decided to write it out more fully. Perhaps it’s a tad bit self indulgent as the character hasn’t been used for some time, but I hope you all enjoy this

As I’m writing this, this initial post has gotten quite long (at least for me ^^;), so I’ve decided to split it into parts. I’ll try to post part 2 shortly so you won’t have to wait long. Hopefully the set up and premise are enough to keep you interested.

###

Part 1

Going to an elite boarding school is hard. Going to one when everyone knows who your wealthy father is and thus has their eyes on you can be even harder. The hardest thing of all though, may be doing so with all of those conditions while also having a weak bladder.

Vanessa ‘Nessie’ Corrigan is the only child of Baron Corrigan, an incredibly wealthy man who’d almost single handedly launched the careers of several politicians willing to stay within his pocket and push forward whatever policies suit him best. Even when those policies come at the expense of their constituents… Baron Corrigan is not an easy man to please and so it’s not difficult to image he would be just as unforgiving in his parenting style. While he’d initially been disappointed when he discovered he would be having a daughter and not a son, Nessie was an intelligent and precocious child. He soon became convinced that, under his strict tutelage, he could turn her into a worthwhile politician capable of carrying forward the Corrigan name.

Perhaps this overwhelming pressure is what caused Vanessa’s issues. Or perhaps she just lost the genetic lottery of bladder control. Either way, Vanessa continued to have accidents long past the age where it was still seen as permissible. Occasional accidents during the day resulted in shaming punishments at home, usually involving a lecture and a timeout in the corner still in her wet clothing. Periods of high stress would make for wet nights, and while her father refused the indignity of buying her any sort of incontinence products, he did expect her to clean her own sheets in her soiled pajamas before proceeding to the rest of her punishment.

Attending boarding school had been a brief ray of hope in Vanessa’s young life. She hoped that once no longer under her father’s roof she could finally avoid humiliation. But oh how wrong she was. The teachers were strict and after one too many times denied the bathroom during class, Vanessa’s weak bladder made itself known. Once was an embarrassment that could be recovered from. Twice less so. And when her father announced he’d be taking on one of her popular classmates Brock as a mentee instead of her, any sort of protection her name may have provided her evaporated into thin air. The bullies descended swiftly.

For all these reasons and more, Vanessa is at least grateful that now she’s in her senior year, her teachers have stopped denying her the restroom during class. She gets top grades so they can’t argue that her missing will lower her academic standing and after four years in the school it’s clear that no, she cannot hold it until the end of the period, and it’s better to simply let her go then deal with cleaning up the puddle after. This also works in her favor because during class is perhaps the safest time for her to go to the bathroom.

Vanessa’s long black hair, pulled back into a ponytail, trails behind her as she speedwalks down the hall with both hands wedged tightly into her crotch. She can feel sweat starting to break out on her pale skin beneath her white button down and gray sweater vest, and the waistband of her gray pleated skirt digs painfully into her swollen abdomen. Her hazel eyes are focused in exclusively on the girls’ restroom that’s just come into view at the end of the hall. She’s so focused, in fact, that she doesn’t even notice Brock joining her in the hallway until he’s suddenly wrapping an arm around her shoulder and halting her progress.

“Well if it isn’t my favorite classmate. What are you doing out here Nessie?” Brock asks with a wolffish grin, his grip tightening on her to ensure she isn’t going anywhere.

“C-can we not do this right now Brock?” Vanessa pleads. She knows Brock knows exactly what she’s doing. Even if her hands weren’t currently clutching onto her crotch for dear life, her thighs now pressing and rubbing together, there’s only one reason she would be roaming the halls during class.

“Do what? I’m just being friendly,” he chuckles as he spins around and starts guiding them away from the bathroom. Vanessa can’t help the whine that leaves her throat as she’s pushed the opposite direction form salvation but with Brock both stronger and taller than her, there’s little she can do other than hope he grows bored or is caught by a teacher before anything worse happens.

“P-please not today Brock. I have a presentation later!” she tries again in hopes of appealing to any semblance of humanity Brock may be harboring.

”Oh that’s right! In Mr. Gordon’s class right? Gosh and there’s no way he’d let you skip, huh?” Brock asks with faux sympathy but Vanessa nods frantically anyway.

For a brief moment it seems like her pleas have worked as Brock stops marching them down the hall. He thinks for a moment, making an almost comically exaggerated thinking pose as he continues to hold Vanessa captive.

“Well if that’s the case we can’t have anyone messing with you before that oh so important presentation! I know, I’ve got the perfect place where you’ll be safe,” Brock says with an all too eager grin.

Before Vanessa can ask what he means she suddenly finds herself being lifted as Brock takes hold of the front of her shirt with both hands and forces her backwards. It happens too quickly for her to put up much resistance. One moment she’s in the open hallway cowering under Brock’s mischievous stare, the next she feels her back meet metal and hears the slamming of a metal door as the world goes dark around her aside from three small bars of horizontal light just above eye level.

The locker… he’s shoved her into a locker.

For a moment she rolls her eyes at the lack of ingenuity. After all it’s such a stereotypical form of bullying. But when her bladder gives an angry pulse that has her gasping and squeezing her crotch even harder, she realizes the full gravity of the situation. She’s not sure if Brock’s fully locked the locker, but with the limited space she has she can’t jimmy it open from the inside regardless. Which means she’s stuck with a very, very angry bladder.

With some difficulty she releases one hand from her crotch, squeezing it up past her front to raise it high. She winces as she does so, the tight squeeze causing her hand to press on her bladder as it goes by. As she feels a small leak dampen her panties at the excess pressure, she can only hope that sacrifice is worth it.

”H-hello? Anyone out there? Someone help! Help!! I’m trapped in the locker!” she cries out desperately as she begins banging on the locker door, praying that some teacher will hear the commotion and come investigate. She pounds and pounds on the door, but every time she pauses to listen, no sound of hurried footsteps coming to her rescue echoes down the hall.

Panic threatens to overwhelm her as her poor bladder throbs in her abdomen. A part of her almost considers just giving up so at least she won’t be in pain while she awaits rescue. But just before helplessness can consume her she realizes that the period had barely started when she left. Surely her teacher would note her absence and come looking for her. Then she could call attention to her impromptu prison and get herself freed. She just needs to hold on until then. Surely she can do that much…

*002*2024-01-08 12:55

Part 2

Time is a funny thing. It goes by quickly when you want it to go slow. It goes by slowly when you want it to move quickly. And when trapped inside a locker with a bladder fit to pop, five minutes can feel like forever.

Vanessa isn’t actually sure how long she’s been stuck. Her phone is in her backpack back in the classroom she’d left and she doesn’t wear a watch, but it feels like it’s been long enough someone should have noticed her missing. Still, as her bladder pulses, sensing sharp pangs through her body as she twists within the small confines of the locker, she must convince herself that it isn’t odd at all that she hasn’t heard a teacher come searching for her yet.

What Vanessa doesn’t know is that Brock had thought of that possibility as well. Shortly after trapping poor Nessie in her little metal prison, he made his way casually back to the classroom. When the teacher asked him if he’d seen Vanessa, since she had yet to return to class, Brock rolled his eyes and gave his teacher a well rehearsed long suffering look. “Vanessa didn’t make it. She’s gone to the nurse’s office to see if they have a change for her,” he sighs exasperatedly.

The grimace and eye roll he gets in response from the teacher assures him his lie was convincing. Truly Vanessa makes it all too easy. With all of the teachers well aware of her bladder’s tendencies, it would hardly be a shock for the events Brock recounted to be true. And while the Corrigan name no longer protects Vanessa, its stamp of approval on Brock gives faculty just enough faith in him to overlook the rumors of bullying and trust the judgment of one of the school’s largest donors.

So it turns out no help is coming for poor Vanessa, trapped and trembling as she is, holding out for false hope of a rescue. But as a strong contraction jerks through her body, she whines and resists, twisting her legs together as much as possible as she attempts to double over in the locker. She doesn’t get very far, only managing to lean slightly forward before her forehead meets cool metal. It’s not nearly enough and with watering eyes she feels her fingers briefly get warm as she leaks heavily into her panties.

When she manages to stem the flow with great effort, she can feel that her panties are quite saturated. It’s unlikely they’ll be of much more use to her as far as preventing leaks. She keeps her forehead pressed against the metal, the temperature a balm on her overheated skin. The position forces her ass back against the back of the locker, trapping her skirt behind her, but at the moment it’s the most comfortable position she can manage that doesn’t aggravate her already tormented bladder.

Time continues to tick on and still no relief comes to free her. She feels a second leak, then a third, both of which make lazy trails down her legs as her eyes water and she lets out a keening moan. Her urethra burns with the effort of holding back the flood. And while she is grateful no one can see her twist and squirm and do whatever she must to prevent herself from losing control, the small space still prevents her from doing a great deal more.

“Oh god,” she moans, as her bladder contracts hard and sends another rivulet trickling down her leg. Her desperation is loud and unfettered, little gasps and whines falling from her lips unabashedly as she barely resists the urge to cry at how badly she yearns for relief. Her pride pays these pathetic sounds no mind, after all, a teacher hearing someone so clearly in distress will surely run to her aid and finally, finally release her so she can rush to the bathroom and find relief.

Until that is, another sound interrupts her own plaintive ones.

As the bell rings and the sounds of other students rushing into the hallway reaches her ears, Vanessa gasps and hurriedly clasps a hand over her mouth. Her eyes squeeze shut in distress as her body rages at her insistence on perpetuating its suffering and she bites back every little, pathetic noise she was making just moments ago. Because while a teacher finding her would be her salvation, another student doing so would surely be her damnation.

Every body has a limit, and Vanessa had long ago reached hers. The occasional leaks of before soon transform into consistent trickles that snake down her thighs, her calves and run into her shoes. Still she keeps her hand pressed firmly over her mouth, letting no sound escape and threaten to reveal her location. She just need to hold on until passing period ends. Once the hallways are clear she’ll finally end her suffering. Just a little longer so none of her classmates will be the wiser.

The trickle grows stronger and no amount of clenching the hand on her crotch will stem the river. She can feel warmth crawling up her ass, surely dampening her skirt as well now, and as her socks grow saturated she knows it won’t be long until even her shoes are filled. Her poor exhausted bladder aches and burns for relief and she can practically hear the ticking time bomb to when it will take the option away from her entirely.

The sounds of the hallway slowly start to fade as people find their way to their respective classes. The clamor decreases to a hum and although she cannot be sure it is all clear, Vanessa’s bladder has had enough.

Even through her hand she releases a hard sob as her bladder finally bursts. Pee bursts forth from her almost violently, spraying against her skirt and the metal floor beneath her. She gasps desperately for air as agony slowly turns into ecstasy, her body finally free to relax and let the flood pour out of her. Tears of relief stream down her face as she feel her lower body entirely suffused in warmth, her panties soaking up as much as they can while her skirt collects much of what shoots out of her before it all splashes to the ground and forms a puddle.

More and more gushes out of her as she sits in the locker panting, gradually letting all of the tension fade as the puddle begins to seep out the bottom of the locker and presumably into the hallway beyond. It seems to last for ages before finally the flow begins to slow down back to a river, then a trickle, and then nothing.

For a moment all is silent.

Finally Vanessa allows herself to sag against the locker and carefully uncross her legs and stand back upright. She shifts carefully to lean back against the rear of the locker and let it take her weight. Her legs feel shaky after such intense relief, and her chest heaves with her soft panting as she attempts to catch her breath. The feeling is almost blissful until it’s interrupted.

It starts with the sound of giggling, followed soon after by a quiet “oh my god!” There’s briefly some shushing as whoever lays in the other side of the door tries to get the others to regain some composure, but even that carries an undercurrent of amusement.

”Well geez Nessie, I was going to let the others play a game to try and guess which locker you were hiding in, but it seems rather obvious now,” Brock calls, making no attempt to conceal his mirth.

Relief turns to humiliation and shame as Vanessa realizes she’s been caught. There’s nothing for her to say, no defense to make. She can tell by how much her skirt is dripping, how soaked her panties feel, how much liquid is at the bottom of the locker alone, that there’s no way that it hasn’t spilled into the hallway for Brock and the rest of the popular kids to laugh at. She cant even tell exactly how many people lay outside the door, only that there are at least two girls, the gigglers, and Brock. Her brain can’t help but conjure the worst case scenario of a small crowd all surrounding the locker, all endlessly amused at her lack of control.

“Well I think we’re done here. Don’t worry Nessie, there’s no way ANYONE can miss the puddle you made out here. I’m sure a teacher or janitor will be right along to let you out. Good luck on your presentation next period!” Brock cackles before the sounds of receding footsteps indicate that once again Vanessa is alone.

With cheeks burning red with shame, all she can do is allow herself to sink into more of a squatting position with a sigh, her knees pressed to her chest as she wraps her arms around them and waits. This time it truly won’t be long until she’s freed, but that’s little consolation as she stews in a mess of her body’s own making.

