Bittersweet Candy Bowl: Pet Sitting

Author: AlmightyIdiot

*000*2022-01-10 10:30

Warm steam emerged from the bathroom. A sated sigh of relaxation, the body and soul cleansed and scented in various fragrant shampoos. Lucy covered herself in a towel and rested on her bed. She desired to maintain the warmth post-shower and crashed into bed, covering herself with soft, mom-made blankets. Lucy had reached the pinnacle of rest and dozed soon after.

The odor of lavender summoned her close companions, her childhood friends, her pets into the room. They surrounded and encompassed her body like bees to pollen. A bird took to her shoulder and cradled the white cat’s neck. The hedgehog, ever careful of provoking a peaceful nap, spooned her arm opposite of the bird with its flat tummy. Finally, the young saddleless dinosaur climbed onto bed and pressed her body against Lucy’s chest. Movement without any subtlety, with dazed eyes, she briefly came out of slumber and observed the pressure on her body. Seeing the puny green Yoshi-like was enough evidence to let her return to a dreamy world.

The winter night had melted into spring sunrise, rays beated through the window, and lavished light throughout her room. It was a Sunday morning, no school, no care on how to spend her time, so she rebelled nature’s clock by keeping her eyes closed and further engulfing herself in warmth. The minutes passed and soon the hedgehog and bird went their ways, but their host remained.

Time marches only forward and the ways of the world would make it so that no one would be left behind. The lying woman felt a panging right under where her remaining pet slept. Reluctantly she would get up, but this snoring stone prevented any movement. Her cute little reptile was in fact a colossal iron weight pressing against her bladder which tried to fight back with it’s bulging size. A competition that led its only spectator to watch in horror and in anticipation for the home field to remain victorious.

Sweat dripped past the brow, wondering how to leave this predicament without waking her precious baby. The way the small green bean breathed in and out with a small fluctuation of size, the bubble of cartoonishly appropriate stature hanging from her nose, the tiny mewl that escaped into the cat’s ears. To her, it was positively cute and couldn’t be stopped.

Still, staring down at her, Lucy’s mind was blank on how to free herself. She could freely move her arms and legs, but doing so without waking her companion nor leaking felt out of her control. In fact, using her legs to clamp her lower self shut was the only thing she could do at the moment, thankful of her sleeping posture to allow this fortunate reprieve.

“Lucy! It’s time to get up! Wakey wakey, eggs and bakey!” Her mother started her annoying morning chant whenever she didn’t come downstairs for breakfast. Despite the volume of her voice, the soft baby laid still. Lucy cursed under her breath in dismay and gingerly grinded her thighs to ease herself.

Her vessel of urine stood tall and valiantly without collapsing from neither it’s sheer size and the mountain that rested above it. All Lucy could muster was admire the strength of her body and admonish her weak mind for falling victim to the charms of a sleeping baby. It was beyond ridiculous to be stopped by an infant, but it was too late to simply move the child and get up, holding herself was top priority. The thought of shuffling back and forth to gently wake Yashy felt too much, the two have been together long enough where separating them would ruin the balance her bladder maintained.

“Oh Yashy, it’s time to get up.” Her voice was the only part of Lucy that could reach her pet without spilling disaster. But she spoke too softly for the green critter to take notice.

“Please Yashy, please get up!” Urgency crept to her words. Her eyes started to water like her soon overfilled nether region. It truly started to hurt, the next word to utter out was a whine

The bedroom door opened wide and a white figure emerged into the room. “Lucy dear, it’s time to get up!” Her mother stood next to the bed, witnessing her pale daughter with wet eyes and a blob laying atop the cover. She scooped Yashy up and cradled her in her arms, imitating a cooing sound. The small dino yawned at the top of her lungs and uttered, “I’m hungry.”

“Don’t worry baby, I have some tasty eggs for you.”

Before turning away, “Lucy, you can come down when you’re ready, you clearly don’t look good.”

With the two of them gone and more importantly, the obstruction from her, Lucy could try to move again. Key word being try, the pain still lingered, but felt it gradually go away with no pressure on it. She laid with her hands clutching down as far as possible, hoping that there wasn’t a leak noticeable by her mom. The high tide eventually died down and she turned to her side. It felt weird moving after being still for so long, not that she was tired, but her legs felt weak. Her next step was to sit herself up after shuffling herself to the edge of the bed. Lucy had to mentally prepare herself, she did just have a living paper weight sit on her pile of pee, but knew she couldn’t last, at least completely dry.

“3…2…..1…….” She pushed her body up “Augh!” Her hands felt warmth for the first time today, but hopefully the last. The white cat used that momentum to rise up from bed and stand. Her posture was hunched forward as she waddled out of her room. At the end of the hall is the restroom. It was a lot of effort to get that small distance, but it wasn’t much further. Go Lucy go! She shimmied her legs back and forth and slowly inched her way closer to the porcelain goal. Past the staircase, another spasm occurred! Her hands were getting damp, but there wasn’t any time to fret over such a disgusting detail, she’s right there. The door just needs to be opened. Releasing one of her hands to reach the knob, she squatted down to keep her gate closed. The toilet available, she slammed the door and let loose of her previously cautious behavior, rushing the last meter to sit down. Lucy definitely leaked onto the floor, but no one would know, that was kept inside the privacy of this room.

Dribble became spray as her butt reached the bowl. At last, her olympian hurdle was overcome and she gasped in relief. The tears from before came back in a mix of pain and pleasure. As the piss hissed into the water, her swollen bladder deflated. The heavy feeling in her lower abdomen slowly dulled as she went. Trying to take deep breaths, Lucy regained her nerves and examined the damages. Some of the urine caught on the seat between her spread. She hoped the back seat wasn’t soaked and she wasn’t going to let her back check for her. Thankfully they didn’t have a carpet to absorb any of the trickle, but a trail remained that needed cleaning. After a moment, her tinkle died down to droplets and she began cleaning the floor, toilet (the back seat took a blasting), and finally herself with a nice hot shower.

Spending a lengthy amount of time in the bathroom, she left from her own insecurity and went downstairs to her family.

“Good morning Lucy!” Her mom ecstatic as ever, cleaning the mess of breakfast. Jordan passed with a smirk, “Mornin baby sis.” On command, he got his morning punch, but Lucy questioned why he would say that. As she passed the living room again, she overheard the three pets huddled together in the corner with Yashy taking over the conversation. “And then she was flailing her legs around about to cry, I could barely keep myself from laughing!”

“You sound like a real comedian Yashy, care to tell another joke to my companions,” Lucy threatened as she pointed at her with claws. The green brat bolted with a furious cat on her heels.

