Dedra Meero Wets out of Fear

Author: Ajr972

*000*2023-05-28 16:20

We have desperation, wetting, some nudity, and a blowjob scene. It is inspired by a character and scene from the Star Wars Series Andor.

Upon her return to Corouscant, Supervisor Dedra Meero was highly disgraced. She was hesitant to show her face anywhere, especially around the higher ranking officials in the ISB. After what happened on Ferrix, she nearly died and a significant uprising happened on her watch. She was certain that there would be consequences of some kind. She was called to a personal meeting by Major Partagaz, where she knew she’d have to face the music. She was summoned to the conference room where she would have to wait for his arrival, giving her more time to think about how she would defend herself. On top of all this, she was starting to feel a slight need to urinate. She was strong, though. She was too proud to put anything above her devotion to the Empire, and this was nothing.

Dedra arrived in the conference room and realized that Major Partagaz wasn’t there. He didn’t say when he’d be there, which was odd. Partagaz was a detail-oriented person, someone who was very precise. He would never be late, and even if he was he’d let someone know how long it would take him to arrive. She stood there waiting about 5 minutes, and her superior still wouldn’t show. She had been nervously pacing around, occasionally pee dancing as well. As her back was turned to the door, it finally opened. 

However, Major Partagaz wasn’t the one standing in the doorway. The only thing she heard after the opening of the door was that sound. She heard only the most terrifying sound in the whole galaxy and it sent shivers up her spine. The door opened and the sound that filled her ears went, “Pwwwhhhhh, Prrrrrhhhhh” and she knew who was standing behind her. Someone who was more machine than man, but commanded any room he was in. He said her name and she realized that the trouble she was in was more severe than she could ever imagine.

“Supervisor Meero…”

“Lord Vader….”

“I believe it is time you explain yourself.”

Now she was really panicking. She was standing before the Emperor’s enforcer, the most powerful figure in the galaxy. Darth Vader was asking her to give him a reason why he should let her live. She had to come up with something, and fast.

“Lord Vader, I take full responsibility for what happened on Ferrix. It was I who let them have the funeral for Cassian Andor’s mother on Rix Road. I wanted to lure him into a trap where we could take him alive. I wanted him to be taken into custody so we could make an example out of him. But I was wrong. I…”

As she kept going on, her speech became more hurried and frantic. She couldn’t even finish her next sentence. He walked closer and closer to her, and at a certain point, the only thing she could concentrate on was “Pwwwhhhhh, Prrrrrhhhhh” instead of making a plea for her life. She couldn’t even concentrate on her own bladder, as when she was face to face with Darth Vader, a strong spurt of pee forced its way out of her urethra and into her uniform. The good thing was that her pants were black and baggy, so that they would hide her accident to a certain extent.

“Your ambition amuses me, but you allowed these people to make a mockery of us.”

“Yes, my Lord.”

“The Emperor also wishes to know how you survived this ordeal”

Another spurt came out. Now she could start to feel the wetness spreading in multiple areas. She did not want to tell him the full details of what happened, because he would certainly kill her on the spot. She explained that she was mobbed by rebels and that Syril Karn, a disgraced officer had rescued her. She told Darth Vader that he was insignificant, a leech who cared only about his own selfish interests rather than the cause. She explained that this was a pathetic man who desperately yearned for her affection and for a way to further his own failing career.

She was very tense while saying all of this, which caused serious doubt in the Dark Lord’s mind. He noticed the distress and quivering in her voice, and the occasional movements of her hands towards her private areas. He was having difficulty believing that she was telling him the whole truth. She was nervous for two reasons, the first was that being scared had really increased the pressure on her bladder, and the second being that she in fact hadn’t told the full story.

At first, she was repulsed by Syril. She believed that he was a creepy stalker who cared more about getting in her pants than being of service to the Empire. But when she saw what he did for her on Ferrix, everything changed. She was shocked that he cared that much for her. She was getting kicked on the ground, crowded by Rebel attackers and Syril was the one who got her to safety. He took her to the abandoned shop and she realized who saved her.

“I should say thank you…”

“But you don’t have to.”

But she said thank you in a more significant way. She went in and planted a huge kiss on him. He was even stunned by how forcefully she threw herself at him. She loved being in control, and Syril seemed like someone who wanted to submit to her, or to at least let her take the lead. After a long and very passionate kiss, she started to unbuckle his pants. He couldn’t believe it! This was better than anything he imagined. His pants and underwear fell to his ankles and she gripped his cock in her hand. She started stroking him lightly and softly as she felt his small member grow. Dedra looked Syril in the eye very seductively as she licked his penis from base to tip a few times. She stuffed his cock in her mouth very quickly and started blowing him.

Syril was now getting sucked off in a war zone, but the chaos outside the doors of the shop distracted everyone from what was really happening. She was determined to empty him out, and she increased the speed at which she moved her head back and forth. Syril was entering euphoria, but it would only last for a few more seconds, as he was about to finish. She was now very forceful as she forcefully gripped his butt cheeks and pulled him into her. That was the final straw as Syril blasted his cum straight in her mouth. With her hands squeezing his bottom, she didn’t lose a single drop. After the two got cleaned up, she promised they left the planet together and once they got to Corouscant, promised they’d see each other again.

She said none of that to Lord Vader, but he sensed something was off. He walked even closer to her. She felt his towering presence, and she was really fighting the urge not to flood her pants. This coldness she felt from being face to face with him was something that she hadn’t felt before, it didn’t even exist in the caves of Hoth.

“Perhaps this Syril has created weakness in you…”

Another quick spurt came out, but she stemmed the flow. Aside from her nether regions, her socks and boots were also now getting damp.

“It is not true, my Lord. Finding Andor is all that matters.”

He took a step back. He realized that she could still be useful.

“No matter. You must be relentless in your pursuit, I expect you not to rest until you have destroyed everyone who would even consider assisting him. You must silence every. last. one.”

“Yes, my Lord.”

He then turned and walked away from her but stopped as he reached the doorway. She started to feel a pinch around her neck and gripped the table for support.

“If you fail me again, if your weakness persists, you will not live to regret it.”

He released her and left the room. Finally, the whole ordeal was over. The fear that he had brought in her forced the dam to finally break, and she peed heavily into her pants. A puddle was growing around her feet as she just stood there, her body just giving in. It was a good thing she was alone, she was too proud to let anyone see her like this. The sags in her pants started to collect her urine a bit, which she knew she would have to get out. She let out significantly more than expected and she was fighting to hold back tears looking down at the big yellow puddle around her feet and the soaking wet pants she was wearing. Her socks and boots had filled up a bit too, and she would have to find a place to dump them out. Wetting her pants and the floor didn’t matter anymore, she was just happy to have survived.

After cleaning up the floor, she made her way to the bathroom to clean herself up, wringing the last of her output from her heavily stained panties and dumping out any remaining pee from her pants and boots. She collected herself and was ready to head home. Finally being home was such a relief, as she began undressing. A shower was much needed after what had happened. She removed her wet uniform and placed it in the laundry pile. She was now nude and alone with her thoughts as she washed herself. She realized that she needed to be more ruthless than ever before to bring Andor to justice for his crimes. But the other side of her cared more for Syril than finding Andor. How would she ever manage to maintain her resolve? One thing was for sure, she never wanted to hear that sound again. Surely the next time would be the last.

