Team Fortress x Reader Insert

Author: Ashi

*000*2018-10-25 16:41

So uh, this is actually something I wrote for myself quite a while ago. Decided to re-write it so it's from a gender neutral perspective so you guys can enjoy it too.

Let me know what you think!

_____

It was a hot and dusty morning at Teufort. The RED and BLU teams were preparing to continue the endless war they had been fighting for what seemed like forever. It was nearing the end of the week and each mercenary on both teams respectively were exhausted and wanted nothing more than the sweet bliss of ceasefire to begin - it was unusually quirky that they had ceasefire during the weekends, be it mostly to recoup and strategize, reworking their battle plans.

In the BLU team’s spawn room, the mercenaries were preparing their plans. As the team’s Scout, you found yourself without a partner to work with. Heavy and Medic were practically inseparable, Soldier and Demo were tasked with offence. Engineer and Pyro planned to hunker down and protect the briefcase, and so forth your team seemed to work perfectly together.

“Try to not blow my cover zhis time, Scout.” The Spy jeered at you as he lit his cigarette.

Well… almost perfect.

“Maybe if you didn’t follow me through the sewers they wouldn’t see through your obvious disguises.” Your voice was sharp with the retaliation, but you attempted to break the awkward exchange by playfully butting his elbow with the end of your bat, only to knock the grip on his cancer stick. He sneered at you and retrieved a second one from his disguise kit.

“Ay, now listen here, fellas..” The Engineer cut in, aiding in diffusing the tension building between yourself and the frenchman. “...We ain’t got time fer this, jus’ stick to the plan and it’ll all be fine.” His gloved hand motioned to the blueprints of plans they had been looking over.

“Scout… let Spy go first, there ain’t no need for ya to be rushin’ in until we’ve taken out their defences.”

You sighed and nodded in agreement to the Texan. Most of the team smirked at the fact you were being told off by one of the nicest guys on the team. You didn’t like being wrong and often would argue your point, but in this instance you had no time to as the Announcer finally spoke through the crackling speakers declaring just a few minutes until it was time to go.

The team dispersed and began to prepare themselves. You found yourself glancing towards a few of the members once you were ready - it was always fun to admire from a distance. Admire and fantasize… especially your favourite th--

“MISSION BEGINS IN 30 SECONDS!”

Your train of thought was cut short by the announcer. You looked up and everyone was ready, staring at the door, awaiting it’s opening.

“3… 2… 1… BEGIN.”

___

It had been a good couple of hours, the BLU team were winning. You and your comrades had managed to capture some of their intelligence, as well as effectively take out their defences, pushing them right back into their own base. You had just taken out the enemy Sniper with a swift swing of your bat. Ducking around a corner in the sniper’s balcony, you assessed your current state.

Fairly good health wise, but having drank way more ‘Bonk!’ cans than usual, the sloshy full feeling in your bladder was beginning to really bother you. Not having a chance to pee often on the battlegrounds meant that desperation was almost always a given at some point, this just wasn’t the best time.

“Sh-shit..” you muttered to yourself, bouncing on your feet a little as you grasped at your full bladder. Choosing to retreat back to your own base seemed the best option right now.

Audibly groaning with each jump, you opted for the fast route - hastily jumping over the bridge back to your own base’s balcony. You look around and inspiration suddenly comes to you! Instead of heading to the safety of the respawn (and restroom) deep inside the base, you choose to make your way to your Sniper’s little hut, quite close to the wooden balcony you find yourself stood on.

Each step did nothing to help the growing desperation between your clenched legs, you slowly made your way across the balcony and around the corner. Pushing the door open to the private little area Sniper had set up, you hoped to god that Sniper would lend you one of his jars to relieve yourself in. After all, it would be more ammunition for him to toss down on the RED team.

Stepping into the cramped, dusty room, he was nowhere to be found. “Fuck… I’m sure he won’t mind…” you reaffirm to yourself as you begin rooting around for an empty jar, discarding your weapon by the door. The clinking and banging around between the crates and already filled jars had concealed the faint sound of the enemy spy slipping into the room and decloaking behind you.

You were completely vulnerable and the Spy knew full well. Rather than take you out with a swift backstab, he decided it would be more fun to torment you. Just as you began undressing your lower half with a sigh, popping open the lid to the jar; you’re suddenly disturbed by the sound of the Spy audibly clearing his throat.

“Ahem.”

Turning to look for the source of the noise, you suddenly jump at the sight of a RED suited Spy and feel yourself fall backwards, crashing into the hard crates behind you. The fact you’d been caught off-guard, as well as the sight of the Spy’s Ambassador now pointed right at your face made your bladder finally relent, giving in to the achy fullness you had burdened yourself with for the past hour.

It takes a few moments for you to actually realise, your eyes widening as you feel the sudden warmth engulf your tightly fitted pants and begin to pool around on the hardwood floor beneath you. You gasp and groan helplessly, feeling your face heat up and redden in embarrassment.

The Spy smirked sinisterly as you both waited for the audible hissing to finally die down.

“I was ‘oping to get zhe Sniper, but making zhe Bleu team’s scout piss theirself is just as rewarding…” He laughed down at you, making your cheeks flush darkly.

Mouth ajaw momentarily you conjure up an excuse. “I-I was needing to go anyway you dumb spook. Just fuckin’ kill me already, I’ve already nearly died from embarrassment…” You snarl up at the handsome rogue.

He grinned and switched his gun out for his knife, crouching down he leant forwards, placing the tip of his blade mere inches from your neck. “...Non.” He said simply, voice as smooth as silk. “I’d much rather see you flustered and embarrassed first.”

Practically frozen on the spot, you half opened your mouth again as you tried to think of a response… something… but your mind drew a blank. The Spy took his free hand and firmly ground his palm into your wet crotch before you could even reply. “Don’t move.” His voice was low and sultry.

A soft whimper came from your throat and straight out of your open mouth. You bite your lip, averting your gaze to his shiny boots settled in the dark puddle of urine. In response the Spy grinds his gloved hand against your form again, trying to get a more audible response from you. Powerless, your legs shuddered uncontrollably.

It felt incredibly wrong to you, but this enemy spy was the first person in quite a while that had given you any sort of ‘attention’… even if he was grinding you in your own piss-sodden clothes. It was wrong, but sensationally erotic. You dug your teeth into your bottom lip and closed your eyes, trying your hardest to hold back your noises.

“Poor little Scout, can’t even keep zheir bladder in check… how humiliating it must be to be cornered, teased and dominated… I can see in your face you clearly are enjoying zhis.” His tone libidinous.

After a few moments of you catching the mewls and groans in your throat, the Spy frowned choosing to rock his hand back and forth to try and get an audible response. He wanted you to look at him, to appreciate the dirty, taboo little moment you were having together. Catching the lustful look in his eyes, your carnal instinct takes over; you moaned as loud as you possibly could, giving the Spy exactly what he wanted.

The noises coming from the Sniper hut were loud enough to catch the attention of the Engineer. He had his sentry set up just around the corner, and found the unfamiliar noise enough to temporarily leave his toys. He pulled out his shotgun and headed around onto the Sniping deck and walked towards the door of the cordoned off area Sniper had created. He could visibly see shadows under the door, and the occasional soft moan could be heard.

The engineer banged open the door, startling both you and the enemy spy. It took him less than a second to pump a round into the back of the spy, sending him straight back to RED respawn.

You looked up at your comrade, a mixture of feelings whirred through your mind, you began to sob. You didn’t know what to think. In one hand, you were no longer stuck in a small room with the risk of being dominated and killed by the Spy. On the other, you were fucked off that Engie disrupted the actions of the Spy. Knowing full well that you shouldn’t even begin to mention what you were both getting up to, your trail of thought was cut off by the soft, southern drawl of the engineers voice.

“Are ya okay, darlin’?” He asked, his big gloved hands moving to gently lift you up off the ground. It was the first time he’d ever seen the Scout sobbing, and it tugged at his heartstrings seeing a teammate so visibly flustered and upset.

You were reminded of the fact you had wet yourself as you were lifted; the now cold, wet fabric shifted against your form. “Y-Yeah… the spook cornered me when I was about to take a piss… and… I accidentally…” you muttered in an embarrassed fashion, trying your hardest to pull your blue t-shirt down to cover the mess. God, you felt so humiliated.

“Well… let’s go clean ya up, hm?” He spoke softly as he gently rubbed your back.

Just as you both headed to the door, Sniper walked in. “What’s going on here?!” He exclaimed in shock. The makeshift hut was his abode during battle, and the fact two of his team mates were in there uninvited seemed to agitate him. The engineer looked at the teary eyed scout, you looked like you were ready to die, having one of your teammates about to scold you for something you didn’t mean to happen. Engie frowned and gave you a reassuring smile.

“Now… listen here Sniper. I can’t tell ya what happened before I came, but a RED spah was in here, about to kill Scout here.” The engineer explained, glaring at the sniper. “Ah took care of it, but there’s no need to get in a huff, mister.”

You flushed the deepest red at the fact engineer was defending you, his slow, comforting strokes awakening the pooling feeling in your groins that you were receiving off the Spy not five minutes ago. You picked up the courage to finish off explaining what happened.

“Sorry about the mess Snipes, I was bursting for a piss and figured you’d be here to maybe lend me a jar. When I saw you weren’t, I decided to try find one myself, leave it here as more ammo and that…” You paused briefly and looked down at your sopping wet pants, the smell now noticeable. “I was about to go, and the Spy startled me. I uh, well… you can see… and Engie came here and saved my skin.” You finished, giving the engineers shoulder a little squeeze.

Just as you were about to apologize for the mess, the announcer declared ceasefire. The three of them visibly relaxed, as they knew any more threats would now have to retreat.

Sniper grinned and chuckled. “Ah, piss… well, I’m sorry about that. Don’t worry about the mess.” He responded, before stepping past them to clean up the wet patch on the floor. Propped in the corner was a rather old looking mop. It looked like he’d dealt with spilled urine before, so thankfully for you it wasn’t much of an issue.

Engineer nodded at the Sniper and carried you out, you squirmed uncomfortably in his grasp and he understood well that you were no doubt uncomfortable and feeling more than just a little embarrassed. He finally set you down once you were fairly close to the showers, his overalls now damp from having carried you a considerable distance.

“Let’s go get cleaned up pardner, and forget it ever happened, alright?”

You nod in agreement and both of you head into the communal shower room.

