Find Nadya's Limit

Author: Adamn

*000*2025-04-19 07:23

Hello everyone! I just finished a sequel for The Unforgettable Trip. Even though it's all finished, I will split it to few parts to avoid words that violate the rules and if there's some mistakes or typos so I can revise them easily later. Before, we saw Nadya with her iron bladder and excellent control made Adrian amazed. How long can Nadya actually hold it in? What is her limit? In the past year, Adrian often thought about the incident. Rediscovering the video of the incident makes him even more curious and plans something against her.

Notes : The premise is about cracking the iron bladder with unrealistic long hold in a way that may be unusual so this story may not be suitable for some people. Still, I hope you all can enjoy it!

Find Nadya's Limit

Adrian slumped in his chair, the dim glow of his computer screen casting shadows across his cluttered room. His thesis—a sprawling mess of urban sociology notes—sat stagnant, the cursor blinking like a silent taunt. It was morning, and he hadn’t written a word in days. Lena’s breakup three months ago still lingered, a quiet ache he dulled with late-night gaming and cheap beer. Tonight, though, boredom gnawed deeper. He grabbed his phone, scrolling through his gallery to numb the restlessness.

Photos flicked past: Lena at a beach barbecue, group shots from college, a blurry night at a dive bar. Then he paused. A year-old video from a mountain trip stared back at him, a secret he’d buried in his gallery’s depths. Nadya, her dark hair whipping in the wind, stood on a rocky ledge, giggling nervously as she relieved herself after losing a bet. Her reluctant surrender, her flushed cheeks, the sheer endurance she’d shown before caving—it haunted him.

Adrian’s pulse raced. He’d watched that video more times than he’d admit, late at night when the apartment was quiet, imagining Nadya’s limits stretched further. Now single, restless, and a little unhinged, an idea took root. What if he could test her again—not a silly bet, but something extreme? How long could she hold it? Two days? Three? More? The thought electrified him. He yanked on his jacket and headed into the crisp spring night.

In the bar’s shadowy corner, Adrian slid into a booth opposite a figure cloaked in a hoodie, their face half-hidden, eyes sharp and knowing. This person had seen the video long time ago. Now, as Adrian leaned in, his voice low and intense, he didn’t bother with pleasantries. “I can’t get that out of my mind,” he said, his fingers tapping the table. “Nadya, holding it like that… I’m curious. How long can she really hold it in? Where’s her limit?”

The person leaned back, a sly grin curling their lips, their voice smooth and calculated. “With that video, you’ve got her,” they said, eyes glinting with mischief. “Blackmail her. Force her to hold for you—she can’t refuse. We can make her desperate, push her right to her limit.” They paused, their grin turning wicked. “Or even make her wet herself. Imagine that—her breaking, completely humiliated.”

Adrian’s eyes lit up, his own smile mirroring theirs, wide and predatory, the thrill of the idea igniting his obsession. “Yeah,” he said, nodding slowly. “Let’s do it. Let’s break her.”

They huddled closer, voices hushed, crafting a plan to humiliate Nadya. A rigged contest, blackmail to ensure compliance, relentless pressure with drinks, and a locked bathroom to seal her fate—every detail designed to strip her defiance and expose her vulnerability. Adrian’s heart raced, the cruelty of it fueling him. They clinked glasses, the plan sealed, a shadowy promise to test Nadya’s limits and watch her fall.

That evening, he called Nadya. “Hey, it’s been a while,” he said, keeping his tone casual. “Wanna grab a coffee? Catch up?”

Nadya hesitated, then agreed. “Sure, why not? There’s that quiet place on Elm Street. Seven work for you?”

“Perfect,” he replied, hanging up with a smirk.

They met at the café, a cozy spot with mismatched chairs and soft jazz humming in the background. Nadya slid into the seat across from him, her dark hair catching the soft light. They sipped lattes and traded small talk about the mountain trip—how cold the nights got, how someone had slipped on a trail and cursed for ten minutes straight.

“God, that was a crazy weekend,” Nadya said, laughing. “I still can’t believe we survived without frostbite.”

“Yeah,” Adrian said, steering the conversation. “And that bet you lost. You were a champ, though.”

She groaned, rolling her eyes. “Oh, come on. Don’t remind me. I still can’t believe I went through with it.”

“It’s burned into my brain,” Adrian admitted, leaning forward. “I was impressed. And, uh, kinda fascinated.”

Nadya raised an eyebrow, smirking. “What, you’ve got a pee fetish now? Want me to recreate it?”

His heart skipped. “Maybe. But bigger. What if we tested your limit—like, really pushed it?”

She laughed, thinking he was joking. “No thanks. Once was enough.”

He pressed harder, charm turning to insistence. “Come on, it’d be fun. Just you and me, like old times.”

Her smile faded. “Adrian, I’ve got a boyfriend now. Long-distance, but still. I’m not doing that again.”

He paused, recalculating. Plan A was dead. Time for Plan B. He pulled out his phone and played the video, keeping the volume low. Nadya’s eyes widened, her face paling as the sound of her own laughter filled the space between them.

“What the hell, Adrian?” she hissed, voice trembling but hushed. “You record that and kept it this whole time”

“Couldn’t delete it,” he said, shrugging. “And I figured it might come in handy. Like now.”

“You’re disgusting,” she snapped, fists clenched under the table. “What do you want? Another bet? You gonna try to screw me this time?”

“Calm down,” he said, voice hardening. “I’m not asking for much. Just a little experiment. But, if you don’t play along, this video goes viral. Your boyfriend, your friends, your parents—they’ll all see it.”

Nadya glared at him, fury and fear warring in her eyes. “You’re blackmailing me. What’s the deal, then?”

Adrian leaned back, smug. “Simple. I wanna see how long you can hold it.”

Nadya’s eyes widened, her voice sharp with disbelief. “Seriously, how sick are you?”

Adrian smirked, unfazed, his gaze locked on her, predatory and amused. “Sick enough to be curious. What’s your longest hold, Nadya? How tough are you really?”

She crossed her arms, jaw tight, her tone clipped. “More than two days, I think.”

He raised an eyebrow, leaning forward, his smirk widening. “Two days? Damn. Were you desperate by then? Like, really desperate?”

Nadya’s lips pressed into a thin line, her eyes flicking away, refusing to answer. She shifted in her seat, her silence a shield against his probing.

Adrian’s grin turned sharper, undeterred. “Oh, not answering, huh?” He leaned closer, his voice low and taunting. “Fine, let’s talk about that bet last time. The mountain trip. You surrendered way before two days—barely a day, right? If you can hold for over two, why give up so fast? Were you really desperate back then?”

Nadya’s face flushed, her gaze dropping to the table, her fingers tightening on her mug. She stayed silent, her refusal stubborn, but her discomfort was palpable, a crack in her armor.

Adrian’s smile vanished, his tone hardening, eyes boring into her. “Answer me, Nad. Or I start sending this video. Why’d you cave?”

She flinched, her breath catching, trapped by his threat. Her voice came low, reluctant, the words dragged out. “I wasn’t desperate yet,” she admitted, her eyes still averted. “I chose to let it go.”

Adrian’s eyebrows shot up, his grin returning, sly and triumphant. “Chose to? Why the hell would you do that?”

Nadya’s cheeks burned, her voice barely above a whisper. “Because if I waited longer, the other friends would’ve woken up. I wasn’t gonna do it with them around so I lost on purpose. And…” She hesitated, her fingers twisting. “I did it to entertain you.”

Adrian let out a short, incredulous laugh, leaning back, his eyes gleaming with delight. “Entertain me? By exposing your weakness? What, did you like me or something?”

Nadya’s gaze snapped up, her face flaming, a mix of shame and anger in her eyes. Her voice was soft, shy, but laced with regret. “I used to,” she said, her words halting. “A little. But knowing the truth about you now?” Her tone sharpened, her eyes narrowing. “I’m cursing myself for ever liking you, you creep.”

Adrian’s laugh deepened, his smirk unshaken, savoring her admission and her fury. “Oh, Nad, that’s rich. And, when’d you last go?”

Nadya’s face tightened, her jaw clenching at the crude question. “This morning,” she muttered, her voice clipped, eyes flicking away.

“Details,” Adrian pressed, his tone sharp and insistent, leaning forward. “When exactly?”

Nadya exhaled sharply, her fingers twitching with irritation. She pulled out her smartphone, glancing at the clock—8 p.m. “Around ten a.m.,” she said, her voice flat, then added, “Ten hours ago.” She shoved the phone back into her pocket, her glare daring him to push further.

Adrian’s smirk widened, satisfied. “Ten hours down. Not bad.” He reached into his bag, pulling out a thin, rectangular device shaped like a sanitary napkin, its surface embedded with faint sensors. “This,” he said, sliding it across the table, “detects if you pee. Try to take it off, and my phone gets a notification. Wear it.”

Nadya recoiled, her eyes widening with disgust. “No way,” she snapped, shoving the device back toward him. “I’m not wearing that. You’re insane.”

Adrian’s expression hardened, his voice dropping to a cold, menacing edge. “You wear it yourself or I’ll put it on you right here. Your choice.”

Her breath caught, fury and humiliation battling in her chest. The café’s soft jazz and clinking mugs felt distant, her world shrinking to Adrian’s threat and the device on the table. She glared at him, her hands trembling, but the video’s shadow loomed. With a sharp exhale, she snatched the device, her voice a hiss. “You’re such a pervert.”

She stood, storming to the bathroom, her footsteps heavy with rage. In the cramped stall, she stared at the device, her stomach churning. Swallowing her pride, she attached it as instructed, her cheeks burning with shame. She adjusted her jeans and returned, her glare molten, refusing to meet Adrian’s eyes as she slid back into her seat.

Adrian glanced at his smartphone, a notification confirming the connection. “It’s linked,” he said, pocketing the phone with a smug nod. He stood, slinging his bag over his shoulder, his tone casual but laced with menace. “You don’t pee until I say so. I’m picking you up tomorrow, seven a.m. sharp. Don’t test me.”

Nadya’s lips parted, a retort on her tongue, but the weight of his threat silenced her. She watched him stroll out, the café door swinging shut, leaving her alone with her fury, the device, and the ticking clock of his “experiment.”

The next morning, Adrian woke to a silent phone—no complaints from Nadya overnight. He texted her, confirming the pickup, and she replied with a curt “Yes.” At seven sharp, Adrian pulled up to Nadya’s house, the sky a bruised purple. She stood outside, arms crossed, in a white crop top and loose black baggy jeans, her dark hair pulled back, her expression a mix of defiance and wariness. Twenty-one hours without relief, and she stood tall, her posture screaming she wouldn’t break easily. Adrian stepped out, leaning against the car, his smirk subtle but ever-present.

Nadya approached, her voice sharp, cutting through the morning chill. “So, every time I want to go, I have to ask your permission first?”

Adrian nodded, his grin widening slightly. “Yes. That’s the deal.”

She raised an eyebrow, her tone edged with sarcasm. “So I can go now?”

“Nope,” Adrian said, his voice calm but firm, enjoying her irritation. He leaned closer, his smirk turning teasing. “But remember, If someone’s asking a favor, they’ve gotta be polite. You’ll learn.”

Nadya rolled her eyes, a sharp huff escaping her lips. “Whatever,” she muttered, brushing past him to climb into the passenger seat, her movements deliberate, her defiance barely masking the tension of the device and the blackmail’s weight.

Adrian slid into the driver’s seat, starting the engine with a low chuckle. “Your ethics’ll improve as time goes by,” he said, his tone dripping with insinuation. “If you know what I mean.”

Nadya shot him a glare, her fingers tightening on her bag, but she said nothing, staring out the window as they pulled away, the city waking around them. The car hummed, carrying them toward Adrian’s apartment.

The car hummed through the city, the morning sun glinting off glass towers as Adrian pulled into the parking lot of a sleek, high-rise apartment building. Nadya sat rigid in the passenger seat, her white crop top and black baggy jeans a stark contrast to the tension in her posture. Twenty-one hours without relief, the sensor device a constant reminder of Adrian’s control, and his earlier taunt about her “ethics” still burned. She followed him into the elevator, her jaw tight, her eyes scanning for any chance to turn this twisted game against him.

When the doors opened to a spacious apartment with high ceilings and a city skyline view, Nadya froze, her breath catching. Lounging on a leather couch, flipping through a magazine, was a woman she recognized—Tessa, one of her friends from the mountain trip a year ago. Short auburn hair, sharp green eyes, a leather jacket slung over the armrest—Tessa looked up, her lips curling into a sly grin that sent a chill down Nadya’s spine.

“Tessa?” Nadya said, her voice a mix of surprise and suspicion, her eyes narrowing. “What are you doing here?”

Tessa tossed the magazine aside, standing with a casual grace, her grin widening. “Hey, Nadya. Long time no see!” Her tone was light, but her eyes glinted with something darker, a predator sizing up prey.

Nadya’s gaze flicked between Tessa and Adrian, her mind racing. “You’re in on this?” she asked, her voice hardening, the pieces clicking together. “This… experiment?”

Adrian leaned against the counter, his smirk mirroring Tessa’s, his voice smooth. “Tessa’s my oldest friend. She’s got a stake in seeing how this plays out.”

Back to yesterday, when they both meets on the bar. Arranged a plans to trap Nadya. They hashed out the details over greasy fries and lukewarm coffee. Tessa, who’d introduced Adrian to his ex-girlfriend Lena years ago, knew his kinks better than anyone. They’d bonded over their shared fascination with pushing limits, experimenting with their own capacities, though neither had an iron bladder. Tessa could outlast Adrian, but only by a slim margin—nowhere near Nadya’s known longest record. Now, as Adrian laid out his desire to test Nadya, Tessa saw a guinea pig for their darkest fantasies. “We’ll make her wait,” Tessa said, her voice sharp with anticipation, “until she’s bursting. And then some.”

Adrian nodded, adrenaline surging. They crafted a holding contest with a twist—rules rigged to ensure Nadya couldn’t win. Pile her with drinks, deny her relief, let Tessa play along but get breaks, while Nadya suffered.

“You’re a bastard,” Tessa said, laughing softly. “I love it. I’ve always wanted to see someone with a bladder like hers crack. Imagine her squirming, begging—”

Back at the apartment, “Surprise,” Tessa said, tossing the magazine aside. “Heard you’ve got a bladder of steel. Thought I’d join the fun.”

Nadya’s fists clenched, her voice low and furious. “You’re both sick. What’s this about, Tess?"

“Relax,” Tessa said, tossing Nadya a water bottle. “We’re just hanging out, right, Adrian?”

Adrian leaned against the counter, his smirk mirroring Tessa’s, his voice dripping with amusement. “Yeah, just chillin’ around,” he said, pausing for effect, “but with someone getting ruled with a special rule.” He let out a low laugh, his eyes locked on Nadya, savoring her growing unease.

Nadya caught it, eyes narrowing. She set it down, crossing her arms. “Let’s cut the crap,” she said, voice low but steady. “You two want to make me desperate, don’t you? That’s the whole point—push me ‘til I’m begging. I’m not stupid.”

Tessa laughed, stepping closer, her grin wicked. "You're not wrong, we wanna see that iron bladder of yours crack, Nad. Days of squirming, ‘til you’re a desperate mess.”

Nadya glared at her, defiance flaring. “I’m tougher than you think—You’ll see.”

Tessa stepped closer, her tone shifting to a mock-innocent lilt, her grin wicked. “That's good! To make this more interesting, let’s have a holding contest, see who can last longer.”

Nadya’s eyes narrowed, her voice sharp with suspicion. “What’s the catch?”

Tessa’s grin widened, her eyes glinting with cruel intent. “We both hold and drink the same amount of water, but here’s the twist—we have five, nah, ten chances to relieve as Adrian permits it.” She leaned in, her voice dropping, the rules clearly a trap disguised as fairness.

Nadya snorted. “And he’ll say no to me every time, right?”

Adrian shrugged, still smirking. “Play and find out. You in?”

She hesitated, the video’s threat hanging over her. “Fine,” she muttered. “I’ll win anyway."

Adrian grinned, impressed by her fire but certain of her fall. “We’ll see and we’ve got a plan—pile you with drinks, deny your relief. You can’t win.”

Her jaw tightened, but she didn’t back down. “We’ll see about that.”

Tessa’s eyes narrowed, her grin sharpening as she added, “Oh, and one more thing—we hold it ‘til one of us wets themselves.”

Nadya’s smirk faltered, her eyes widening slightly, shock flickering across her face. “What?” she said, her voice sharp, disbelief cutting through her bravado.

Tessa tilted her head, her tone mocking, her green eyes glinting. “What, afraid, Nad? Scared you’ll be the one soaking your jeans?”

Nadya’s jaw clenched, her shock giving way to defiance, her voice steady despite the stakes. “Fine, let’s do it." Nadya shot back, her eyes blazing. "I won't break for you."

Tessa laughed, her eyes glinting with cruel delight. “Game on. Let’s break her, Adrian.”

The “contest” began. Tessa chugged a soda and, fifteen minutes later, turned to Adrian with a dramatic groan. “Hey, can I hit the bathroom?”

“Go for it,” he said.

Nadya watched Tessa saunter off, her jaw tightening. “Rigged,” she muttered.

Adrian grinned. “Twenty-two hours. How you holding up?”

“Fine,” she said, sipping her water reluctantly. The pressure was there, a steady fullness, but nothing she couldn’t handle. Yet.

“Still good, Nad?” Tessa asked after relieved herself, her tone teasing but laced with genuine curiosity. “You’re, what, almost a full day in? Most people would be squirming by now.”

Nadya’s lips curved into a faint smile, unruffled. “I’m fine, Tess. Not my first time holding it. You know that.”

“Oh, I know,” Tessa replied, her eyes glinting. “But this isn’t just any hold, is it? Adrian’s got big plans for you.”

Adrian chuckled, setting his mug down. “She’s right, you know. I’m impressed, Nad. Most people would’ve caved hours ago. But you?” He leaned forward, elbows on his knees. “You’re something else.”

Nadya met his gaze, her dark eyes steady. “Flattery won’t make me crack, Adrian. If you’re waiting for me to beg, you’ll be waiting a while.”

The room fell silent for a moment, the weight of her words hanging in the air. Tessa broke it with a laugh, flipping another card. “We’ll see about that. I give it… maybe another day before you’re singing a different tune.”

Nadya didn’t respond, instead reaching for a bottle of water on the coffee table. She took a deliberate sip, her movements slow and controlled. Adrian’s brow twitched. Was she taunting him? The device he’d given her—a thin, adhesive sensor tucked into her underwear—was supposedly monitoring her every move. If she peed, he’d know. If she tampered with it, he’d know. But Nadya’s calm demeanor made him second-guess himself. Could she really be this unfazed?

*001*2025-04-19 07:46

By afternoon, the apartment was filled with the aroma of takeout pizza. Adrian had ordered extra drinks—soda, iced tea, water—ensuring Nadya had plenty to sip on. She didn’t refuse, accepting every glass with a polite nod. Her composure was maddening. At 29 hours, most people would be visibly uncomfortable, but Nadya sat with her legs loosely crossed, her posture relaxed as she chatted about the movie they’d just watched.

“You didn’t laugh once during that scene with the dog,” Tessa pointed out, nudging Nadya’s arm. “What’s up? Too focused on… other things?”

Nadya raised an eyebrow. “It wasn’t that funny. And I’m not distracted, if that’s what you’re getting at.”

Adrian leaned forward, resting his chin on his hand. “You sure about that? It’s been a while, Nad. No one’s judging if you’re feeling it.”

“I’m fine,” she said, her tone firm but not defensive. She reached for another slice of pizza, taking a bite as if to prove her point. “You two worry too much.”

Tessa exchanged a glance with Adrian, her lips twitching into a grin. “Oh, we’re not worried. Just… curious. Right, Adrian?”

“Very curious,” he agreed, his eyes locked on Nadya. “I mean, two days is your longest, you said. We’re on halves way there."

Nadya’s smile didn’t waver, but there was a flicker of something in her eyes—defiance, maybe, or amusement. “From what I remember, I was saying that two days is my record, not my limit,” she echoed, her voice soft but steady.

Tessa’s eyes narrowed, her grin sharpening. “Oh, I really can’t wait to see that calm on your face turn into panic when you’re finally desperate. It’s coming, Nad—mark my words.”

Nadya tilted her head, unfazed. “Keep waiting. I’m not breaking for you.” She took a sip of juice, her composure unshaken, though the pressure ticked upward beneath her steel facade.

Tessa glanced at Adrian, her tone casual but deliberate. “Then, I’ll excuse myself again, can I, Adrian?”

Adrian nodded, his smirk subtle, eyes flicking to Nadya. Tessa stood, walking toward the bathroom, and as she passed Nadya, she blinked her eyes with a sly, taunting glint, her grin barely concealed. Nadya just looked at her, her face impassive, watching Tessa enter the bathroom, the door clicking shut behind her.

The banter kept the mood light, but Adrian’s mind was elsewhere. He couldn’t shake the memory of Nadya’s confession in the café—that she’d faked her desperation during the mountain trip, losing the bet on purpose to entertain him. The thought gnawed at him. If she could fake it then, could she be playing him now? He needed to push her harder. He studied her—no fidgeting, no strain. She was a fortress, and it only fueled his determination.

As evening settled in, Adrian turned to Nadya, his voice low. “You didn’t even blink. Feeling okay?”

Nadya looked up from the magazine, her expression serene. “Why wouldn’t I be? I told you, I’m fine.”

He studied her for a moment, searching for any sign of strain. Nothing. Not a twitch, not a shift in posture. It was almost unnerving. “You’re tough, I’ll give you that,” he said finally. “But everyone’s got a limit.”

Nadya closed the magazine, setting it aside. “Maybe. But you haven’t found mine yet.”

The challenge in her words sent a thrill through Adrian. He leaned back, smirking. “Yet,” he repeated. “We’ll see.”

Tessa flopped onto the couch next to Nadya, nudging her playfully. “You’re a machine, you know that? I’d be crawling up the walls by now.”

Nadya chuckled, a rare sound that caught Adrian off guard. “You’re not exactly setting a high bar, Tess.”

“Hey!” Tessa swatted her arm, laughing. “Not all of us are built like you. Some of us have normal bladders.”

“Normal’s overrated,” Nadya quipped, leaning back against the cushions. Her tone was light, but Adrian noticed the way her fingers lingered on the edge of her jeans, adjusting them slightly. It was the first hint of anything less than total control, and it made his pulse quicken.

The night wore on with more card games and banter, but Adrian’s focus never wavered from Nadya. At 35 hours, she ask permission to taking shower, her voice casual as she stood and stretched. Adrian hesitated, weighing the risk. The sensor would alert him if she tried anything, but the bathroom was a temptation. Still, he couldn’t resist testing her resolve.

“Go ahead,” he said, nodding. “But you know the rules.”

Nadya met his gaze, unflinching. “I know.”

Adrian, his grin sly and teasing, his eyes narrowing as he leaned forward. “You sure? The bathroom can make your desperation increase—sound of water, that empty toilet staring at you.” He paused, his voice dropping, a taunt in his tone. “Or maybe you already feel it?”

Nadya tossed a glance at Adrian, her tone smug and defiant. “Still don’t feel a thing,” she said, her smirk sharpening as she added, “And I can win this contest, you know.”

Adrian met her gaze, his grin slow and predatory, his voice low and deliberate. “You can’t beat us, Nad. We’re not letting you pee ‘til you’re desperate—really desperate. Still think you can win this?”

Nadya’s eyes flashed, unflinching. “Yes,” she said, her voice steady, a challenge in her tone.

Adrian leaned forward, eyebrow raised, his smirk deepening. “How?”

Nadya tilted her head, her smirk sly and calculating. “If somehow Tessa can’t go,” she said, glancing at Tessa, “getting desperate and finally piss herself. That’s how I’d win.”

Tessa burst out laughing, her green eyes glinting with cruel amusement as she leaned back, tossing a poker chip in her hand. “Oh, Nadya, you’re cute,” she said, her voice dripping with mockery. “You don’t have the power here. The one who’s gonna get desperate—really desperate—is you.” Her laugh sharpened, cutting through the air, her gaze locked on Nadya, relishing the jab.

Nadya’s smirk didn’t waver, but her fingers tightened briefly on the couch cushion, a subtle sign the exchange hit. She shrugged, rising with a flourish. “We’ll see,” she said, her voice cool, but the tension in the room thickened, Adrian’s earlier prophecy and Tessa’s taunt lingering like a shadow over her bravado.

Tessa followed her to the bathroom door, checking the sensor’s placement with a quick pat-down. “Just making sure,” she said with a wink. “No funny business.”

Nadya rolled her eyes but didn’t protest. Inside the bathroom, the sound of running water was a cruel tease. She stood under the spray, letting it cascade over her shoulders, her mind briefly wandering to the pressure building below. It wasn’t unbearable—not yet—but it was there, a dull ache she could ignore with enough focus. She closed her eyes, breathing deeply. You’ve got this, she told herself. They’re not breaking you.

When she emerged, towel-dried and dressed in fresh clothes, Tessa was waiting. She checked the sensor again, her fingers brushing Nadya’s waist. “Still good?” she asked, her tone almost disappointed.

“Still good,” Nadya replied, her voice steady but quieter than before.

“How’s it feel, standing over a toilet you can’t use?” Tessa curious.

“Annoying,” Nadya said, toweling her hair.

Tessa tilted her head, studying her. “You know, it’s kinda frustrating how chill you are. Most people would be freaking out by now.”

Nadya shrugged, brushing past her. “Guess I’m not most people.”

Back to Adrian, he called it. “Let’s called it a day.”

Tessa grinned at Nadya. “You okay to sleep like that? Or already need to relief?”

“I’m fine,” Nadya said, heading to the guest room, yawned, signaling the end of the night.

Adrian straightened, his smirk sly and deliberate. “Oh, I should keep the bathroom key,” he said, pulling a small brass key from his pocket and dangling it with a theatrical flourish. “Afraid someone might sneak in to pee.” His eyes locked on Nadya, his voice laced with mock concern, the words a pointed reminder of the contest’s rigged rules and his absolute control.

Nadya’s smirk tightened, her eyes narrowing at the key, a spark of calculation flickering in her gaze. “Real subtle, Adrian,” she said, her tone dripping with sarcasm, but her mind noted the key’s location.

Tessa laughed softly, tossing her soda can into the trash. “Better lock it tight, Adrian. Wouldn’t want our star player cheating,” she said, her grin wicked, her words a jab at Nadya’s trapped position.

Nadya rolled her eyes, her voice cool. “Keep your key. I’m not the one who’s gonna need it.” She turned toward the guest room, her steps deliberate, her defiance unshaken despite the growing pressure and the day’s relentless drinks.

Adrian pocketed the key, his grin predatory. “Night, Nadya. Hold tight.”

Tessa called after her, her voice a taunt. “Sleep well, champ. Dream of toilets you can’t use.”

Nadya didn’t respond, closing the guest room door with a soft click, her mind already spinning with ways to outmaneuver them. She was unyielding, but the key in his pocket felt like a checkmate, one he’d wield until she broke.

At dawn, Nadya stirred, woken by a commotion in the living room. Nadya sat up, rubbing her eyes. Her bladder gave a faint twinge—not desperate, but noticeable. She glanced at the clock: 4 AM, 41 hours already. Tessa’s footsteps pounded toward Adrian’s room, Tessa’s voice, frantic and pleading, cut through the haze of sleep. “Adrian, come on, I’m serious! I need the key!”. Moments later, followed by the jingle of a key, the bathroom door slammed shut, and the sound of relief echoed faintly through the walls.

Nadya lay back down, closing her eyes. The urge was there, but she could handle it. She’d handled worse. Still, the sound of Tessa’s relief lingered in her mind, a reminder of what she was being denied. She pushed it aside, focusing on her breathing until sleep reclaimed her.

By morning, the apartment buzzed with renewed energy. Adrian and Tessa were already at the breakfast table, digging into pancakes and coffee. Nadya joined them, her movements deliberate as she sat down. Tessa grinned, pushing a plate toward her.

“Sleep okay?” she asked, her tone deceptively innocent.

Nadya smirked, catching the jab. “Well enough. Though someone was a bit noisy last night.” She glanced at Tessa, her eyes twinkling with mischief.

Tessa’s fork paused mid-air, her cheeks reddening. “Oh, you heard that? Sorry, didn’t mean to wake you. Guess I was… in a hurry.”

“No kidding,” Nadya said, pouring herself a glass of orange juice. “Maybe next time you’ll keep it down.”

Tessa laughed, but there was an edge to it. “Oh, Nad! You might be the one making noise soon if we make you wait too long.”

"It never be too long for me, Tess." Nadya responding calm.

Adrian watched the exchange, his expression unreadable. “Speaking of, how’s our champion holding up? Forty-four hours now, right?”

Nadya took a sip of juice, her face calm. “Something like that. Still waiting for the part where I’m supposed to crack.”

Adrian’s lips twitched. “Patience, Nadya. Patience.”

As the day wore on, the trio filled the hours with distractions. They watched a comedy movie, the laughter punctuated by Tessa’s occasional trips to the bathroom—each one approved by Adrian with a nod. Nadya, of course, was denied every time she even hinted at needing relief. Not that she asked outright. She was too proud for that. Instead, she’d make casual comments, testing the waters after 48 hours or two full days without a single relief.

“Long movie,” she remarked at one point, stretching her arms above her head. “Might need a break soon.”

Adrian smirked, not missing a beat. “A break? Or something else?”

Nadya shrugged, her expression unreadable. “Just saying. Been sitting a while.”

Tessa, munching on popcorn, chimed in. “Oh, come on, Nad. We all know what you’re hinting at. Just ask already.”

“I’m not hinting at anything,” Nadya said coolly, popping a piece of popcorn into her mouth. “Unlike some people, I don’t need to run to the bathroom every hour.”

Tessa’s jaw dropped, mock-offended. “Low blow! Not my fault I don’t have a bladder of steel like you.” then, Tessa squirmed and turned to Adrian again asking with her cute voice. “And, Adrian, I need a bathroom break.”

“Go ahead,” he said.

She winked at Nadya. “Back in a sec.”

The gesture was a silent jab, a reminder of the relief Nadya can't have. Nadya’s stomach twisted, a bitter pang of envy surging as Tessa disappeared behind the bathroom door, free to relieve herself while Nadya remained trapped in her unrelenting hold, the stark contrast gnawing at her resolve.

*002*2025-04-19 08:12

At 52 hours of Nadya's holding, the apartment was dim, the sci-fi flick’s neon glow flickering across the living room. Nadya sat on the couch, her posture still relaxed but her mind on edge. For the first time, she felt it—a sharp, undeniable twinge of desperation in her bladder, a pressure that was no longer just a background hum. It was real, pulsing, and impossible to ignore. She could still hide it, her face composed, her legs casually crossed, but a quiet worry gnawed at her.

This could grow bigger than I can handle, she thought, her heart beating faster. She couldn’t let it overwhelm her—not yet. In her mind boast—“If somehow Tessa can’t go, getting desperate and finally piss herself”—had sparked a plan. She’d noticed Adrian’s habit of leaving his keys on his nightstand when he stepped out for snacks or calls. The bathroom key, a small brass one, was among them, a literal gatekeeper in their rigged contest. If she could steal it, Tessa might be locked out, forced to squirm and break, flipping the game in Nadya’s favor.

Two hours later, during a lull in the movie, Adrian’s phone buzzed. He glanced at it, muttered about a delivery, and slipped out to the hallway, leaving his jacket—and his guard—behind. Nadya seized the moment. Time was running out, and opportunities were fleeting. She had to act fast. No more waiting, she resolved, her eyes narrowing with determination. She excused herself, feigning a need to grab water, and slipped into Adrian’s room, her pulse racing. Her fingers found the small brass key on the nightstand, cold and heavy with potential. She pocketed it, her breath shallow, and returned to the couch, her expression carefully neutral, the stolen key a secret weapon burning in her pocket. The plan was in motion, and she was ready to strike. She returned to the couch, her face carefully neutral, just as Adrian re-entered, none the wiser.

Hour later, Tessa shifted in her seat, a familiar squirm in her posture. She leaned toward Adrian, her tone light but pointed. “Hey, can I hit the bathroom again?”

Adrian nodded absently, reaching into his pocket for the keyring. His fingers fumbled, then stilled, his brow furrowing as he patted his jeans, then his jacket. “What the…” he muttered, checking again, his confusion deepening. Adrian went into his room looking for key on his nightstand and then came out without any luck. “The key’s gone.”

Nadya’s lips twitched into a smirk, barely concealed, her eyes glinting with quiet victory as she leaned back, arms crossed. She said nothing, but her smug expression screamed her involvement, a silent taunt aimed at Tessa.

Tessa’s gaze snapped to Nadya, her green eyes narrowing as realization dawned. A slow, wicked grin spread across her face, her voice dripping with mockery. “Oh, want to make me desperate? But poor you,” she said, her tone sharp and cutting, relishing Nadya’s failed gambit. She stood and crossed to the sofa, rummaging briefly in a drawer next to it. With a triumphant flourish, she pulled out a second brass key, its gleam catching the TV’s light. “You didn’t think we’d only have one, did you?”

Tessa tossed the key to Adrian, her grin sharpening as she leaned closer to Nadya. “Don’t lose it again, Adrian,” she said, her eyes never leaving Nadya’s face, savoring the flicker of frustration in Nadya’s smirk. “Nice try, Nad, but you’re still the one who’s gonna be desperate.”

Nadya’s smirk faltered, her fingers tightening on the couch cushion, but she forced a shrug, her voice cool. “Worth a shot,” she said, her defiance masking the sting of Tessa’s counter. The movie droned on, but the air crackled with tension, Nadya’s plan thwarted, her resolve tested as Tessa sauntered to the bathroom, the spare key ensuring her relief while Nadya’s pressure ticked upward, unyielding.

The sting of Tessa’s triumph with the spare key still seared, Nadya’s failed attempt to steal the bathroom key exposed. Tessa emerged from the bathroom, her grin sharp and victorious as she tossed the spare key to Adrian. “The facts that you did this means you start to feel it, didn't you?” she taunted, her voice dripping with mockery. “And, you’re not slipping away that easily.”

Without a word, Tessa grabbed a large bottle of water from the kitchen counter, her eyes locked on Nadya. She cracked it open and took slow, deliberate sips, the challenge implicit in her gaze. Nadya’s stomach twisted, her bladder—protesting fiercely. The stolen key, still hidden in her pocket, tempted her to sneak relief, and the rule of the contest: they drank the same amount of liquid, always. Tessa’s deliberate chugging was a silent command, and backing down would mean admitting defeat. With a tight jaw, Nadya grabbed the bottle Tessa slid her way, forcing herself to sip, each swallow a calculated blow to her fraying control. The liquid hit her system like a ticking bomb, amplifying the throbbing pressure in her core.

Tessa kept going, downing the water with exaggerated relish, silently daring Nadya to keep pace. She opened a second liter, sliding another bottle toward Nadya, her grin widening. Adrian watched, his smirk subtle but ever-present, clearly enjoying the escalation. Nadya’s hands trembled as she drank, the cold liquid pooling in her stomach, each gulp sending fresh waves of agony to her overtaxed bladder. Her desperation, already sharp, now teetered on unbearable, the forced intake inflicting brutal damage. She shifted subtly, her legs pressing tighter, her face a mask of defiance but her eyes betraying a flicker of panic.

To ensure Nadya didn’t try using the stolen key, Adrian and Tessa stayed awake, their vigilance unrelenting. They sprawled on the couch, playing cards and blasting music, their laughter a constant reminder of their control. “No sneaking off, Nad,” Adrian said, his tone casual but pointed, his eyes flicking her way. “We’re up all night.” Tessa’s grin sharpened, her silence louder than words as she sipped more water, her eyes never leaving Nadya.

Nadya’s heart sank, the key in her pocket now a useless weight. The rule to match Tessa’s intake—trapped her, and the temptation of the key was overshadowed by the risk of being caught. She endured, sipping the liters Tessa set the pace for, each swallow pushing her closer to the edge. Her bladder screamed, a relentless storm that made every second a battle, but she refused to break. Her resolve wavered, but her defiance held, even as the forced liquid intake turned her desperation into a raging inferno she could barely contain.

By night—60 hours—Eight hours after her first wave of desperation had been more than enough to scale Nadya’s desperation to another level. And with the brutal amount of liquid 5 hours ago, she was very desperate now, the pressure a searing, unbearable force that consumed her every thought. Nadya’s strength collapsed, replaced by a pitiful display of panic. 

She sat on Adrian’s couch, the TV blaring a sitcom, but her world was the searing, unbearable pressure in her core, a desperation she’d never known—not on the mountain trip, not even during her two-day record. Her face was pale, her eyes wide and glistening, darting nervously as if pleading for rescue. Her breaths were shallow, catching in her throat, and her hands trembled in her lap, fingers twisting together. She hunched forward, her legs pressed tightly, one knee bouncing faintly, her whole demeanor fragile, like a lost child. She looked utterly pitiful, consumed by a terror and desperation that stripped her bare, though she hadn’t yet admitted defeat.

Tessa, fresh from another bathroom break, lounged across from her, a soda in hand, her green eyes gleaming with predatory delight. She caught Nadya’s quivering form, the way her shoulders slumped, the soft whimper that escaped when she shifted. “Oh, Nad,” Tessa said, her voice thick with mock pity, a taunt meant to bite. “Look at you, poor little thing, shaking like you’re about to break. You’re desperate, aren’t you? Falling apart right in front of me.”

Nadya didn’t snap back. Her lips trembled, her eyes flickering with panic as she tried to speak, her voice barely a whisper, weak and wavering. “I’m… trying to hold on,” she mumbled, her tone pitiful, devoid of her earlier fire. Her hands gripped her thighs, her body rocking slightly as a wave hit, her face crumpling briefly before she forced it still. She wasn’t giving up, but her pitiful state was undeniable, her strength replaced by a raw, helpless vulnerability.

Tessa’s grin widened, her eyes narrowing as she leaned forward, savoring the sight. “Trying to hold on? Oh, honey, you’re barely hanging by a thread,” she teased, her tone dripping with glee. “Why don’t you ask Adrian for permission? Go on, see if he’ll let you go before you completely lose it.”

Nadya’s eyes darted to Adrian, who was scrolling his phone across the room, then back to Tessa, her face tightening with fear. Her voice was soft, quivering, a stark contrast to her usual defiance. “What if he says no again?” she asked, her words halting, her gaze dropping as her hands fidgeted. “I… I don’t know what I’ll do if he denies me.” The fear of rejection was raw, her pitiful tone exposing a fragility she’d never shown, her body trembling under the weight of her desperation.

Tessa’s eyebrows shot up, her grin faltering into surprise before curling back, sharper and more delighted. “Well, well,” she said, her voice laced with mocking fascination. “That’s new, Nad. Usually, you’d be all ‘I’m fine, Tessa, shove it,’ but now you’re scared he’ll turn you down? Is it really desperate for you right now?” Her tone was probing, taunting, relishing the crack in Nadya’s armor.

Nadya’s breath hitched, her eyes glistening as she shook her head faintly, her voice a broken whisper. “I don’t know… I’ve just never been this desperate before.” Her admission was uncertain, fragile, her hands pressing harder into her lap as she shifted, her legs trembling. The sitcom’s laugh track blared, jabbing at her fraying nerves, and she flinched, her pitiful state deepening into something even more helpless.

Tessa leaned back, her smile vicious and triumphant, satisfaction radiating from her. “Oh, this is perfect,” she said, her voice low and gleeful. “The show’s starting now, Nad, and it’s gonna get so much more interesting from here.” She sipped her soda, her eyes locked on Nadya’s trembling form, drinking in her despair. Then, with a sly chuckle, she leaned forward again. “Don’t forget, we’re still in a holding contest, you know, ‘til one of us pisses ourself. And guess what?” Tessa’s laugh was sharp, cruel. “Adrian’s always gonna let me go, but you? Oh, you’re getting denied every time ‘til you’re have an accident.”

Nadya’s face fell further, her eyes widening with a mix of resignation and dread, her body seeming to shrink under the weight of Tessa’s words. She didn’t protest, didn’t fight back—her spirit crumbled, surrendering to the inevitable. A soft, broken sigh escaped her lips, a quiet lament for the fate she couldn’t escape, her hands clutching her thighs tighter as if to hold herself together. Her despair spiraled, painting her as a figure of utter helplessness, trapped in a game rigged against her from the start. Her eyes dropped to the floor, glistening with unshed tears, and her trembling intensified, each breath a shaky battle against the pressure and the crushing reality of her doomed contest. The weight of Tessa’s taunt—that she’d be denied until she broke—settled like a stone in her chest, her vulnerability exposed, her resolve fraying into nothing but a fragile thread, leaving her a pitiful shadow of the defiant woman she’d been hours before.

Tessa’s laughter softened, but her eyes gleamed with victory, watching Nadya’s despair intensify. “Oh, it’s gonna be a hell of a show,” she said, almost to herself, as Nadya shrank inward, her body rocking faintly, her breaths uneven, her helplessness now a palpable force that seemed to choke the air around her.

Adrian glanced over, his smirk subtle, letting Tessa’s taunts do the work. Nadya avoided his gaze, her focus inward, battling a desperation that was now a relentless storm. She wasn’t ready to ask—not yet—but the fear of denial and the certainty of her doomed fate loomed, crushing her fragile resolve further into despair.

Two hours later, at 62 hours, her desperation had escalated to a breaking point. The room seemed to shrink, the sitcom’s laughter a mocking chorus as her body screamed. Her legs trembled openly, sweat beading on her brow, the pressure a throbbing inferno hammering her core. She sat rigid, hands gripping her thighs, her breath shallow and uneven. Tessa’s taunts—lingered like thorns, and Adrian’s smug presence loomed, a silent judge. Her pride was shattered, submission overtaking her as the ache crushed her defiance.

Nadya shifted on the couch, her movements slow, as if any jolt might break her. She stole a glance at Adrian, her cheeks flushed, shyness gripping her despite her despair. She opened her mouth, then closed it, biting her lip as she wrestled with the words. The pressure surged, a sharp pang that made her wince, her fingers tightening on her jeans. She couldn’t hold out much longer, but admitting it felt like surrender, and her fear from 60 hours lingered.

“Adrian…” she started, her voice barely audible, soft and tentative, her eyes fixed on the floor. “Um… I was wondering if… maybe I could step out for a minute?” Her tone was indirect, submissive, skirting her need, as if testing his reaction, her fear of denial still raw.

He glanced up, one eyebrow raised, his grin subtle but predatory. “Step out? For what?”

Nadya’s flush deepened, her hands fidgeting in her lap. She shifted again, her legs pressing tighter, a faint tremor running through her. “Just… you know, to… take care of something,” she mumbled, her voice shrinking, still avoiding the point. Her eyes darted to him briefly, then away, her shyness locking her in place. The ache was relentless, a tidal wave clawing at her control, but fear kept her vague.

Adrian leaned forward, his gaze sharpening, enjoying her discomfort. “Gonna need more than that, Nad. What’s ‘something’?” His tone was teasing, a challenge wrapped in mock curiosity.

She swallowed hard, her breath catching as another wave hit, forcing a soft gasp. Her hands gripped her thighs harder, knuckles paling, and she rocked slightly to ease the strain. The room felt hotter, the TV’s noise grating against her fraying nerves. She was on the edge now, her body screaming, and Adrian’s stare stripped away her evasions. She couldn’t dance around it anymore.

“Adrian…” she started, her voice barely audible, soft and tentative, her eyes fixed on the floor. “May I… use the bathroom?” Her tone was submissive, direct but trembling, a plea wrapped in shy desperation.

Adrian looked up, his grin sly, leaning back with mock curiosity. “What, you wanna take a shower again?”

Nadya’s flush deepened, her hands fidgeting in her lap as she shifted, her legs pressing tighter, a faint tremor running through her. “No, I… I need to…” she mumbled, her voice trailing off, shrinking under his gaze, her shyness choking the words.

He leaned forward, his eyes narrowing, enjoying her hesitation. “Need to what, Nad?” His tone was teasing, pushing her, demanding she say it.

She couldn’t avoid it anymore, his stare stripping away her defenses. “I… I need to pee,” she admitted, her voice low and submissive, her cheeks burning as the confession spilled out, her gaze dropping as if it had cost her everything.

Adrian’s grin widened, a glint of triumph in his eyes. “Well, well, you’re finally starting to feel it, huh? Took you long enough to say it.” He leaned back, savoring her vulnerability, his tone laced with satisfaction.

Nadya’s breath caught, her cheeks burning brighter. She ducked her head, her voice barely a whisper. “Y-yeah… I’m… I’m feeling it,” she admitted shyly, her words halting, her fingers twisting in her lap. “a lot.”

Adrian’s grin widened, savoring her vulnerability. “Oh, a lot, huh? So, you need to use the loo loo, Nad?” he asked, his tone mockingly childish, leaning closer to draw out her discomfort.

Nadya hesitated, her eyes flickering to his before dropping again. She gave a small, reluctant nod, her head barely moving, her shyness locking her voice.

Adrian leaned back, his smirk sharpening. “Not good enough,” he said, his voice firm, laced with amusement. “I need to be convinced, Nad. You gotta do better than a nod. Maybe beg a little—let me hear how bad you need it.”

Nadya’s breath hitched, her eyes meeting his briefly, a flicker of resignation in them. Her voice trembled, but she forced the words out, her tone soft and pleading. “Your wish to make me really desperate… it’s come true,” she said softly, her voice trembling but steady, admitting the depth of her plight. “I’m really, really desperate now.” She paused, then pressed on, her tone pleading. “So please, may I use the restroom…” A soft moan escaped her lips as a sharp pang hit, her body tensing, and she continued, “so I can take a pee.” Her words were raw, her posture shrinking further, shoulders hunching as she waited, exposed.

Adrian smirked, his gaze sharpening, relishing her plea. “What if I don’t let you go?” he asked, his voice cold and deliberate, testing her, dragging out her torment.

Nadya’s chest tightened, her hands pressing harder against her lap, her body quaking with the effort to hold on. She opened her mouth, then hesitated, doubt flashing in her eyes. “I… I don’t know,” she mumbled, her voice faltering, her gaze dropping as shame and fear stifled her words.

Adrian’s eyes narrowed, his smirk growing sharper. “Don’t play coy, Nad. What’s gonna happen if I say no?” he pressed, his tone insistent, leaning closer to trap her in his gaze.

She swallowed, her breath shaky, her hands trembling as she gripped her thighs. “Please, I just… I can’t…” she stammered, her voice barely audible, still dodging the full truth, her reluctance palpable.

“Come on, Nad, say it. What’s it gonna be if I keep you here? Tell me, or we’ll sit here all night.” His tone was relentless, a taunt that peeled away her defenses.

Nadya’s eyes glistened, her body trembling as the pressure roared louder, a beast she could barely contain. Finally, cornered by his persistence, her resolve cracked. “Then you’ll see a show you’ve never seen before,” she said, her tone low, almost a warning, laced with desperate resolve. “You’ll watch my desperation grow worse… forcing me to beg you while you keep denying me until I break. Lose the holding contest against Tessa means getting my first ever accident.” Her words hung heavy, acknowledging the contest’s rigged end, her fear of denial now a grim certainty, yet she didn’t beg further, her submission tinged with a trace of defiance.

Adrian studied her, his smirk unwavering, but he didn’t respond immediately, letting the silence stretch, her words sinking in. Then he shook his head, his tone final. “Oh, Nad, I really can't wait to see you lose it all in front of me. Hold it! You’re not there yet.”

The rejection hit like a physical blow, her bladder a roaring inferno that left her trembling. Nadya’s chest heaved, a faint whimper escaping as the rejection landed like a blow, confirming her fears. Her hands pressed harder, her body trembling as she nodded faintly, swallowing her protest. She forced herself to sit still, the pressure roaring louder, a beast she could barely contain. Defeated, she stumbled to her feet, each step a battle against the agony, and staggered to her room. Collapsing onto the bed, she curled into a tight ball, hands between her thighs, legs knotted, rocking through tears as sleep claimed her in fitful, tortured bursts. Desperation clawed at her, but exhaustion was merciless. Somehow, against all odds, she forced herself into a fitful sleep, her body shutting down to escape the agony.

*003*2025-04-19 10:55

Four hours later, at 66 hours, the fragile reprieve shattered. A sharp, searing wave of desperation yanked her awake, her bladder screaming with unbearable pressure. Her eyes snapped open, her breath ragged, sweat beading on her brow. She couldn’t wait—she wouldn’t survive another denial. Instinct took over. She stumbled out of bed, legs trembling, and ran to Adrian’s room, her pride in tatters.

“Adrian!” she gasped, bursting through the door, her voice raw and pleading. She dropped to her knees beside his bed, hands clasped, her face pale and frantic. “Please, I’m begging you—let me pee. I can’t hold it anymore. I’m so desperate, please!” Her words spilled out, shaky and submissive, her body quaking as she rocked slightly, fighting the unbearable urge.

Adrian stirred, his eyes glinting with satisfaction as he sat up, savoring her surrender. “Well, damn, Nad,” he said, his voice thick with triumph. “You’re finally begging on your own. Took you almost forever.” He leaned back, grinning, then called out, “Tessa! Get in here! Nadya’s putting on her desperation show!”

Tessa appeared in the doorway, her green eyes wide with delight, a wicked grin spreading across her face. “No way,” she said, her tone dripping with mockery. “Nadya, you? Begging? I don’t believe it—you, losing to your own desperation? Miss ‘I’m fine’ finally cracking?” She laughed, sharp and cruel, leaning against the doorframe as she drank in Nadya’s pitiful state.

Nadya’s cheeks burned, her hands gripping her thighs as she shifted, her voice a broken whisper. “I can’t… I can’t stand it anymore,” she admitted, her eyes glistening with unshed tears. “Please, Adrian, Tessa, let me go. I’m begging you.” Her surrender was complete, her defiance obliterated by the relentless pressure that consumed her.

Adrian’s grin widened, his gaze predatory. “Oh, this is the Nadya desperation show, and I’m loving every second,” he said, his voice low and gleeful. “Look at you—begging, squirming, completely at our mercy. Keep going, Nad. Tell us how bad it is.”

Tessa stepped closer, her mocking tone unrelenting. “Yeah, Nad, spill it. I still can’t believe you lost to your needs. You’re practically falling apart. Say it again—how desperate are you?” Her laugh cut through the air, her eyes locked on Nadya’s trembling form, relishing her defeat.

Nadya’s breath hitched, a soft whimper escaping as another wave hit. She rocked forward, her voice barely audible, laced with shame and urgency. “I’m… I’m so desperate I can’t think,” she confessed, her words halting. “It hurts so much—please, let me pee. I can’t take it anymore.” Her hands pressed harder into her lap, her body trembling violently, her surrender laid bare.

Adrian leaned forward, his satisfaction palpable. “That’s what I wanted to hear,” he said, his tone smug. “But you know what? I think we’ll let you stew a bit longer. This show’s too good to end now.”

Tessa’s laughter rang out, her grin vicious. “Oh, absolutely. Keep begging, Nad. You’re not done losing yet.” Her eyes glinted with cruel delight, but then she straightened, a sly smirk curling her lips. “Actually, hold that thought—I need to take care of something.” She turned toward the bathroom, pausing as she passed Nadya. Leaning close, her voice dropped to a taunting whisper. “I love seeing you like this, Nad—so vulnerable. This is my final blow, the one that’s gonna break you.”

Nadya’s heart plummeted, her eyes widening with dread as Tessa sauntered to the bathroom, the door clicking shut behind her. Moments later, the unmistakable sound of Tessa’s pee hitting the toilet rang out, a melody from hell that pierced Nadya’s fraying control. Each splash was torture, a vicious reminder of the relief she was denied, amplifying her unbearable desperation. “No! Stop!” Nadya screamed, her hands flying to her ears to block the sound, her voice raw with panic. Her legs, trembling violently, propelled her to her feet as she bolted toward her room, desperate to escape the torment.

But her frantic escape faltered. Her foot caught on the edge of a rug, and she slipped, crashing to her knees with a sharp gasp. The impact sent a rocket of desperation through her bladder, the pressure surging to an agonizing peak. She crumpled to the ground, crying out, her hands clutching her crotch with all her might, legs crossed tightly in a futile attempt to hold on. The sound of Tessa’s relief still echoed, unyielding, and Nadya realized with horror that she couldn’t move. Any shift, any twitch, would unleash the flood she was barely containing. Tears streamed down her face, her body frozen in place, her sobs choked with pain and fear.

Adrian, witnessing the incident from the doorway, burst into laughter, his voice booming with cruel amusement. “Oh, you’re a mess!” he crowed, stepping closer to loom over her. “Tripping and crying on the floor? This is better than I could’ve hoped.”

Nadya’s voice broke, her plea desperate and trembling. “Adrian, please… help me,” she begged, her hands gripping harder, her body quaking as she fought to stay still. “I can’t move… I’ll… I’ll lose it.”

Tessa emerged from the bathroom, her grin wicked as she took in the pathetic sight: Nadya sprawled on the ground, sobbing, her hands clutching her crotch, her knees pressed together in a last-ditch effort. “Holy shit,” Tessa cursed, her laughter sharp and biting as she joined Adrian. “You’re absolutely screwed now, aren’t you? Look at you—crying, stuck, about to burst. Pathetic.”

Nadya’s sobs grew louder, her voice a broken whimper. “Please… help me up… I can’t…” she pleaded, her eyes darting between them, her body trembling under the weight of her desperation and their relentless mockery.

Tessa crouched slightly, her eyes gleaming with triumph. “Told you I’d break you, Nadya.” Their laughter filled the air, a cruel chorus that drowned out Nadya’s cries, her body pinned to the ground by her own unbearable desperation, teetering on the edge of total collapse.

Nadya’s heart sank, her body screaming, her pleas unanswered. She could only sit there, trembling, her desperation a spectacle for their amusement, her surrender complete as the unbearable pressure pushed her to the brink of collapse.

Tessa’s mocking laughter and Adrian’s gleeful taunts echoed as Nadya lay sobbing on the floor, her hands clutching her crotch, her body wracked with unbearable desperation. Finally, after savoring her humiliation, they relented—just enough. Adrian nodded to Tessa, and they each grabbed one of Nadya’s arms, hauling her to her feet. Her legs trembled, barely supporting her weight, as she leaned heavily on them, her breath hitching with every step. “Please… the bathroom,” she whispered, her voice broken, but their grips steered her elsewhere.

Instead of the bathroom, they led her to the bedroom, their footsteps deliberate. Nadya’s heart sank, her desperation a searing inferno, but she was too weak to resist. They eased her onto the bed, her body collapsing against the mattress, legs still tightly crossed, hands pressed to her crotch. She could only surrender, her pride obliterated, her will crushed under the weight of her torment.

Tessa loomed over her, her grin sharp and cruel. “Look at you, so helpless,” she mocked, her voice dripping with glee. “All that tough talk, and now you’re just a pathetic mess, clinging to the bed like it’ll save you.” Her laughter cut deep, relishing Nadya’s defeated state.

Adrian, standing at the foot of the bed, smirked, his tone deceptively gentle. “Just sleep, Nad. Close your eyes and let it go.”

Nadya’s tear-streaked face twisted, her voice trembling with desperation. “There’s no way I can sleep like this,” she said, her words strained, a soft whimper escaping as another wave of pressure hit. “It’s too much… I can’t…”

Adrian’s smirk widened, his eyes glinting with malice. “Then just wet the bed,” he said casually, as if it were the simplest solution. “Let it happen. You’re already a wreck—might as well.

Nadya shook her head weakly, her hands gripping tighter, her voice a fragile protest. “No… I don’t want that,” she murmured, her resolve flickering despite her agony. The thought of giving in, of losing so completely, was unbearable, even now.

Adrian shrugged, unfazed, and stepped out of the room. Moments later, he returned, holding a small pill bottle and a glass of water. “Fine, then take this,” he said, shaking out a single pill and offering it with the glass. “It’ll help you sleep.”

Nadya’s eyes widened, her breath catching as she recognized the label. It was a powerful sleeping pill, but she knew its other effect—a very strong diuretic. Taking it would be suicide, a guarantee that her desperation would surge to catastrophic levels, her already tortured bladder pushed far beyond its limits. She stared at the pill, her heart pounding, torn between the unbearable urge clawing at her now and the certain torment the pill would unleash.

“I… I can’t,” she whispered, her voice shaking, but her hands trembled as she reached for the glass, her desperation overriding reason. She was on the edge, her body screaming, her mind fraying. With a defeated sob, she swallowed the pill, chasing it with the water, each gulp a fresh assault on her overtaxed bladder.

Tessa’s laughter rang out, sharp and triumphant. “Oh, Nad, you’re really done for now,” she taunted, watching Nadya’s face crumple. “That pill’s gonna make you wish you’d wet the bed.”

Adrian leaned against the doorframe, his smirk predatory. “Sweet dreams, Nad. Let’s see how the drug works on you.”

Nadya sank back against the pillows, her body trembling, her hands still pressed to her crotch. The sleeping pill’s effects were swift, a heavy fog pulling at her consciousness despite the raging pressure in her core. Her eyes fluttered shut, her breaths uneven, as sleep claimed her in a tortured, reluctant embrace, the diuretic already beginning its cruel work within her.

While Nadya lay in a fitful, drug-induced sleep, her body trembling under the weight of the diuretic-laced sleeping pill, Adrian and Tessa exchanged a glance, their grins conspiratorial. Silently, they moved to the bed, producing soft ropes from a drawer. With careful precision, they tied Nadya’s wrists and ankles to the bedposts, ensuring she couldn’t move if she woke. Her breathing remained uneven, her hands still instinctively pressed to her crotch even in sleep, oblivious to the trap being set. The diuretic was already wreaking havoc, her bladder swelling to impossible limits, setting the stage for her final defeat.

Exactly 72 hours without relief, Tessa stood over Nadya, a glass of water in hand, her grin wicked. Without warning, she splashed the cold liquid across Nadya’s face. Nadya jolted awake with a scream, her eyes wide with panic, the unbearable desperation and pain hitting her like a tidal wave. The diuretic had amplified her agony to a level beyond comprehension, her bladder a throbbing, overstretched balloon on the verge of bursting. Every nerve screamed, her body trembling violently as she gasped, “No, no, please!”

She tried to lurch out of bed, desperate to escape the torment, but her limbs jerked against the ropes binding her wrists and ankles. Her eyes darted to the restraints, realization dawning as her heart sank. “Please!” she cried, her voice raw and frantic. “Untie me! Let me go, I’m begging you! I can’t hold it anymore!”

Her eyes darted downward, catching sight of a small, sleek device strapped to her waist, its wires loosely dangling. Tessa, noticing Nadya’s confusion, dangled the device in front of her, her smirk dripping with malice. “Recognize this, Nad? We take it out while you were out,” she taunted, twirling it between her fingers. “Supposed to detect when you pee—y’know, to keep you honest. But here’s the fun part…” Tessa leaned closer, her voice dropping to a mocking whisper. “It’s just a dummy. One of my old broken toys, actually. No sensors, no nothing. We just wanted you to think we were watching your every move.”

The revelation that the device was a sham—a cheap trick to manipulate her—burned like salt in a wound, amplifying her humiliation. “How cruel you are.”

Adrian leaned against the wall, his smirk cold and triumphant. “Checkmate, Nad,” he said, his voice laced with satisfaction. “The second you swallowed that pill, it was over. That desperation? It’s unbearable now, isn’t it? You can’t hold it, no matter how hard you try. It’s gonna come out on its own any moment.”

Tessa laughed, her green eyes gleaming with cruel delight as she perched on the edge of the bed, savoring the spectacle. “Oh, this is too good,” she taunted. “The mighty Nadya, tied up, about to soak the bed. How’s it feel? Knowing you’re this close to completely losing it?” Her voice was sharp, cutting, relishing every second of Nadya’s torment.

Nadya’s sobs grew desperate, her body writhing against the ropes, her legs twisting futilely as she fought the inevitable. “Please, untie me!” she begged, tears streaming down her face. “I can’t… I can’t take it! Let me go, please!” Her voice cracked, her pride shattered, her entire being consumed by the searing pressure.

Tessa leaned closer, her grin vicious. “How close are you to an accident, Nad? Tell me,” she demanded, her tone mocking, eyes locked on Nadya’s trembling form.

“Seconds!” Nadya screamed, her voice a raw, instinctive confession, her body convulsing as the pressure reached its breaking point. Her hands, bound to the bedposts, clawed at the air, her legs squirming in a final, futile effort to hold on.

Adrian tilted his head, his smirk sly, his tone deceptively casual. “You know, Tessa just took her break not long ago,” he said, his eyes glinting with malice. “Tessa’s had her fun, but I’ll make sure she doesn’t get another break. It’s just you now, one last push. What do you say?”

Nadya’s breath hitched, her eyes glistening with tears, but her response was unexpected. A strange calm settled over her, her body stilling despite the ropes and the unbearable pressure. She stopped fighting, her legs no longer twisting, her hands no longer straining against the restraints. Her expression softened, a resigned acceptance replacing her frantic desperation. “I've lost,” she said, her voice quiet, trembling but steady. “I’m done. I can’t hold it anymore. It’s… it’s gonna come out, Adrian." Her admission was raw, a final acknowledgment of her defeat, her defiance crumbling into submission as she faced Adrian and Tessa.

Adrian’s chuckle was sharp, his eyes narrowing as he leaned closer. “Come on, Nad, don’t back out now. Take the deal—it’s not gonna change what’s coming, but you’re finishing this.”

Tessa jumped in, her voice brimming with arrogance, her grin wide and taunting. “Just accept it, Nad! I’m gonna beat you so bad, and be the one that make you lost a holding contest. Also making you wet yourself!” She laughed, her eyes blazing with confidence, relishing the chance to crush Nadya once and for all.

Nadya’s gaze met his, her eyes heavy with defeat but resolute. Her voice trembled, barely above a whisper, yet carried a haunting finality. “O-Okay, got it. I... I accept,” she said, her words laced with quiet surrender, accepting not the challenge to hold on, but the inevitability of her loss.

The last holding contest began with a cruel mockery pitting Tessa, freshly relieved, against Nadya, teetering on the brink of an accident. The room grew still, the air thick with tension. Nadya’s body was tense, every muscle taut, but she forced a deceptive calm, her shoulders loosening slightly, her face a mask of resignation. Suddenly, a soft moan escaped her lips—“Ah…”—her body reacting instinctively, tensing further as she crossed her legs slightly, her torso twisting in a final, desperate attempt to hold on. Her breath hitched, her eyes squeezing shut, the pressure overwhelming.

Then, with a shudder, her body relaxed, the fight draining out of her. A final, anguished moan—“Ahh…”—slipped out, and her control shattered. A dark, glistening stain erupted at the crotch of her pants, spreading with relentless speed, soaking the sheets beneath her in a humiliating deluge. The hissing sound of her pee filled the room, a devastating crescendo that echoed her utter defeat. The ropes held her mercilessly in place, forcing her to endure every agonizing second of the shame, her body exposed, her dignity obliterated. The bed became a sodden ruin, the dark pool widening as Nadya’s sobs returned, raw and broken, her face buried in her bound arms, unable to escape the crushing weight of her humiliation.

As the ropes held her mercilessly in place, Adrian stepped closer, his smirk widening. “What happened to you, princess?” he asked playfully, his tone laced with mockery, his eyes glinting with cruel amusement.

Nadya’s face burned, her lips pressed tightly shut, refusing to answer. She turned her head away, her sobs quiet but unrelenting, her body limp in the restraints, the shame overwhelming. Adrian’s chuckle grew darker as he pulled out his phone, tapping the screen to pull up a video. He held it up, the footage unmistakably showing Nadya’s moment of defeat, the dark stain spreading as her pee flowed. “Take a look, Nad,” he said, his voice taunting. “Pretty clear what’s happening here, still don’t want this to get spread, right?”

Nadya kept her face turned away, her voice a low, trembling whisper, barely audible through her tears. “I’m wetting...” she said, her words choked with shame, forced out by the threat of the video, her eyes squeezed shut to avoid the footage.

Adrian’s voice dropped, low and commanding, as he reached out, gently but firmly cupping her cheeks to force her to face him. “Say it right! Loud and clear.”

Nadya’s sobs broke free, her body trembling as the pee continued to soak her pants and the bed. “I’m wetting, Adrian,” she cried, her voice raw and pleading, tears streaming down her face. “I’m already wetting myself, please have mercy!” Her begging was a desperate, pitiful wail, each word punctuated by the humiliating sound of her pee still dripping, her shame laid bare as the ropes forced her to endure every second.

Tessa clapped slowly, her laughter ringing out, sharp and triumphant. “There it is! The mighty Nadya, soaking the bed like a helpless kid. What a show!” she crowed, her eyes glinting with victory. “You really thought you could beat us, didn’t you? Acting all tough, like you could outlast me, but finally you lost the holding contest and wet yourself in the end, right in front of us, just like I said you would!” she mocked, her voice dripping with scorn, her eyes blazing with victory as she ridiculed Nadya’s shattered bravado.

Adrian stepped back, his smirk unwavering. “That’s the end, Nad, you put on very stunning show” he said, his tone cold and final. “Fought hard in a fight you were never gonna win. I really enjoyed myself till the end, slowly break you and look at you now—completely broken.”

Nadya’s sobs quieted, her body limp against the restraints, her spirit crushed. The bed was soaked, her pants drenched, and the weight of her defeat settled over her like a suffocating fog. The mighty Nadya had fallen, her defiance drowned in the humiliating reality of her accident, Tessa and Adrian’s laughter the final note in her devastating loss.

And so, Nadya, the one who’d never been desperate, wet the bed, her strength and resolve found it's limit, drowned in the humiliating tide of her final, inevitable defeat.

Fin

Notes : I made some changes especially in the last part after getting feedback and suggestions from my friend. There may be a slight difference in the story I posted yesterday, but I think this is a better ending😁

*006*2025-04-30 11:22

{{On 4/29/2025 at 5:39 AM, OmorashiPotato said:

Holy hell this is evil. I want a Nadya revenge arc!!!

}}

I haven't thought about making another sequel yet, and I think this will end here. Maybe, I will write a revenge story but not for Nadya😌

*010*2025-06-09 04:37

{{On 6/6/2025 at 1:54 PM, watchinghold said:

Amen to a vengeance arc, or at least some kind of closure. I'm all for pushing one's limits, even to extremes, but this went too far. By the end it wasn't even that hot, it crossed a line into mean spirited. Maybe just a me problem, but it's a bit of a boner killer when I start actively hating some of the characters. And let me tell you, you know you've either done your job too well or missed the mark spectacularly when I come away actively wishing harm upon Adrian and Tessa. There's wanting to take a rival down a peg, but when the utter broken humiliated tears start, that's where the fun ends.

}}

{{On 6/7/2025 at 6:22 AM, rebeljaffa said:

Not just a you problem. I'm not at all against dark fantasies and extremes and I have imagined and actually done plenty, but I didn't understand or like these characters at all. Blackmail? No kindness at all? This was so cruel that even I couldn't get off to it - and that's saying something!

}}

I know this will cross the line for some people, that's why I placed the notes up the front. It came from my darkest fantasies, that's fully control of someone, makes her humiliated.

However, I welcome any input from readers. I understand there are some scenes that are inhumanely & illogical that makes you feel uncomfortable. Therefore I want to apologize and fix it in the future.

{{On 6/6/2025 at 6:17 AM, The Drip Files said:

I need Nadya's revenge, PLEASE. Something involving pitting them against each other, ideally (maybe a game where every time one gets to release a shot glass of pee, the other has to drink a liter? Break up the team, make them fight against each other for every millimeter of release.) (Ideally with a penalty for the loser, while theyre told the winner gets off scot free.)

}}

I don't think I will continue this series anymore, Bud. Because based on the story, Adrian and Tessa are the ones who has the control and Nayda's trump card on their hands. They also don't have a large bladder capacity so it would be pointless for me to make the revenge story.

*012*2025-06-11 04:49

{{On 6/10/2025 at 3:52 AM, OmorashiPotato said:

If you don't want to continue the series that is totally your decision. I want to make that completely clear first and foremost.

One thing I will note is that your warning at the top is not sufficient for the content in the story. You state that the story contains "unusual" elements that "may not be suitable for some people". Before reading, I can't be sure what you mean by this. You should really have written explicitly that we were about to read about someone being blackmailed and treated unfairly. I understand that you might not want to give that away before we read the story, but you will have to write enough for people to understand what they are getting themselves into before they start to read. I suggest that you update this warning to be more clear, as soon as you can.

Writing feedback:

About extreme content:

That being said, I think the reason people are expressing discomfort about this story is not because of the fantasies involved. I don't think humiliation and bladder control are particularly dark themes for this forum; they are pretty par for the course really (I have linked the meaning of this phrase, as I suspect you may not speak English as a first language).

In this story, we are shown someone being treated in a cruel way (you described it as inhumane). There are plenty of other stories where this is the case. However, they tend to also include one of the following elements:

The person who is being treated cruelly deserves it in some way. For example, they have done something bad, or have set themselves up to be treated in that way. The people who treat them cruelly don't get away with it. For example, their victim gets revenge, or they are punished for their cruelness later. Consent between the parties. For example, maybe the victim is a submissive, and has asked to be treated that way because they secretly enjoy it.

The essential idea here is that there is moral balance in the story. If the story describes a genuinely immoral act, there should be something that makes up for that immorality elsewhere. I think you can be as extreme as you want to be (within the rules of this website), provided that this condition is fulfilled at some point. Otherwise, the reader is left feeling a bit cruel themselves; after all, they just enjoyed reading a story about someone being treated badly with no consequences.

I would like to point out that I did enjoy this story. However, I also felt upset at the end over how Nadya had been treated. I don't think the story would have worked if Nadya had deserved the treatment in some way, or if she had secretely set it up because she enjoys it. That's why I suggested that she have revenge on them. Although, a revenge arc needn't be written in full. A single sentence suggestion at the end of the story would probably be enough. For instance, something like Nadya swearing to herself that she would make them pay. This is enough to suggest to the reader that — yes — Nadya was treated unfairly, but Adrian and Tessa won't get off scot-free

.

Potential for continuation:

You write that you aren't sure how you would continue the story, if you were going to. It is true that Adrian and Tessa currently have two pieces of blackmail footage, which is troublesome; there seems to be no way that Nadya could do anything to them as long as they have that power over her. Also, they are quite boring characters from an omorashi standpoint. There's no guarantee that you are even interested in male wetting, so that could put Adrian out of the picture entirely. That leaves Tessa, with her questionable holding skills. Nadya is the only character in this story that is interesting from this perspective. Hence, I think it is clear that new characters need to be introduced for this purpose.

However, if these characters are new, how is a story about them supposed to have anything to do with Adrian and Tessa? There are several ways this could work out. I propose something like the following:

Adrian and Tessa are meeting up with their friends (or maybe just one friend). Perhaps this could be related to the hiking group from the previous story, or something else entirely. Among these friends are some with very large bladders, or whatever sort of features you want. Things are going normally, until they are suddenly interrupted by Nadya (maybe over the phone, maybe in real life...); she speaks to Adrian and Tessa, telling them that they are going to get what they deserve, and the only way it will end is if they delete the blackmail footage of her. They might threaten to upload it, only to find out the WiFi is blocked or something of that nature.

At this point, their friends are likely asking them what the fuck is going on. Maybe Nadya has accused them outright of blackmailing her to piss herself, or maybe she lets Adrian and Tessa be questioned until they eventually confess. Regardless, the group is soon going to find that Nadya's revenge on Adrian and Tessa affects everyone. Perhaps, all the toilets become off limits until the videos are deleted, or Nadya just decides to put everyone through the same torture she endured. You can really decide to put the people in the group through whatever you want here.

Adrian and Tessa should expose their cruelty to the rest of the group. Maybe they refuse to delete the videos, causing the rest of their friends to suffer; maybe they escape and lock themselves in the only available bathroom, leaving their friends behind. Whatever the case may be, their friends would gradually turn against them over the duration of the story, blaming them for the situation they have been put in.

Of course, the story would involve the same power and control fantasies as before, just with Nadya as the one in power and the friends as the victims. I'm sure that you would find interesting things to write about here; her vengeance could span over multiple days, locations, or whatever you decide.

And Adrian and Tessa will have their punishment. By the end, they will have lost all of their friends, and their power over Nadya. It would be lovely to bear witness to their undoing.

As for how Nadya would accomplish all of this? Its already established that she has a long-distance boyfriend. Let him be the facilitator. Maybe he is rich, or has powerful connections. Once he finds out about what Adrian and Tessa have done to his girlfriend, he gives her what she needs to take revenge on them.

That's my inspiration to you for a possible continuation of this saga, should you be interested in that.

}}

Thanks for your feedback, Mate. The essence of this story is actually about breaking the iron bladder of Nadya but as the story progresses, Nadya's taunting attitude and her resilient makes Adrian and Tessa even more enthusiastic about break her, mocking and humiliating her in the end was the result of that. Maybe during writing, I'm biased from mere taunting to being cruel and inhumane, the misunderstanding was my fault. Too bad, I can't change it anymore even the notes up there. Hopefully, the future readers will read our discussion first as opening this topic in the fiction section will lead directly to the last post.

And for continuation, it seems like it has reached its limit for this series. In this series, Nadya is the only one who has an iron bladder capacity which is far more than the characters in this story. That would be meaningless if it wasn't Nadya who was holding up. We know that Tessa has a larger bladder than Adrian, but even though Tessa in a scene can only hold it for 12 hours before she ran for the loo, give her a tolerance of additional one or two hours as her limit. If we refer to your suggestion, wouldn't it be just as cruel as what they did to Nadya? The story will focus on blaming the two of them, more drama than the omorashi. 

Besides, the thing that makes people uncomfortable is the psychological impact on Nadya, that they both will feel. It crossed my mind, a crazy idea to continue this series that somehow Nadya and Tessa will have a holding contest, maybe using your idea, like their friends getting involved. The only rule is that they can relief when they both agree to go. Of course, Tessa will lost and suffer multiple accidents without being allowed to even change her pants, left her suffer great shame. But I found it disgusting and will never write it.

