[Dota 2] Wei - Mana Break

Author: Ariose Toast

*000*2021-04-23 04:54

Been meaning to write some more Dota fiction for a while. Mainly being inspired by my own desperation in the middle of a game. I mean, if I have to pee, surely some of the heroes will as well -- and they don't have the luxury of running to the bathroom.

###

Wei vanished into thin air, her form disappearing in a puff of blue particles. She rematerialized up a cliff, away from danger.

"Dammit," she cursed. Her team had just been denied another push into the enemy base, her team retreating to safety. Wei looked at the clock. An hour into the game, and her team was still unable to push onto the enemy high ground, despite their significant advantage. The Sniper on the enemy team was making it very difficult to make any progress, and they were stuck in a stalemate. Wei was frustrated, obviously because she wanted to win the game, but there was another reason she wished the game could end quickly.

"My bladder is killing me," she moaned to herself, hunching over as she felt another pulse of desperation. The fight over, she returned to farming, angrily slashing at creeps to collect gold. Her already aching bladder pulsed with every swipe of her blades.

Early on in the game, Wei had struggled against the enemy legion commander in lane. She took heavy damage on several occasions, barely managing to stay alive. To get her health back quickly, she ended up downing three healing salves over the first 15 minutes of the game. They brought her health back quickly and allowed her to still have a good game. But now in the late stages of the game, Wei was feeling the salves' other effects.

Every female hero knew healing salves were a potent diuretic. It was a much bigger problem for them than the male heroes, who often could do their business in the jungle without missing a beat. Juggernaut had even (impressively) learned to take a piss while rapidly spinning during Blade Fury.

The female heroes didn't have that same luxury. Squatting in the jungle made you vulnerable, unable to react to a planned ambush or even just an unlucky encounter with an enemy. At best that meant losing time and gold, at worst it could mean a major shift in the balance of the game.

Every heroine had her way of dealing with the urge. A few of the . . . bolder ones would simply pee right in the safety of base. Some would risk it and try to find a hidden spot to empty her bladder. But Wei could never forget the time she ended a long, drawn out stalemate by catching Drow Ranger on the enemy team with her pants down, bow in the dirt, and a strong stream of pee coming from underneath her. And she didn't want to expose herself to her entire team either.

*What would the Anti-Mage think?* she pondered. Years of training and mediation under his mentorship had sharpened her body and mind, and nothing would distract her from the war at hand. "My blades are an extension of my hands. My hands are an extension of my -- fuckk I have to pee."

Perhaps Wei overestimated her abilities. If you would have asked her, she never had any trouble holding it. But often times the end of a match meant an urgent rush to a toilet for Wei. A wet spot on her crotch was not uncommon either. In the last fight, Wei was so distracted by her bladder, she failed to even land her ult properly. Not that she would admit that.

"I just have to . . . focus," she grunted, continuing to ignore her bladder. Just at that moment, a spurt of pee dampened the crotch of her tight outfight.

Wei gritted her teeth and ignored it. Her powerful thighs trembled as she tried to hold it. She lost another spurt.

"Shit," she cursed. A drop of pee ran down her leg. Wei stumbled further into the jungle as she lost another spurt. She desperately teleported into a patch of trees.

Before she could even think, Wei's bladder gave in. Rivulets pee began to soak through her suit, flowing down her muscular legs and onto the ground.

"Oh, fuck," she moaned as she continued to piss. She was in so much shock she just stood there, thighs pressed together as she wet her skin tight leggings. She gave up trying to control the stream, as the pleasure overwhelmed her. She leaned her head back and closed her eyes as the powerful, disciplined warrior gave in to her bladder. Wei's puddle grew underneath her, soaking her feet and the earth underneath her.

Her stream finally died down as Wei blinked back to reality.

"Fuck," she groaned, still a little shocked at what she had just done.

Embarrassed, she shuffled out from behind the trees, grateful that none of her teammates (or worse, the enemy) were nearby. She started to collect her thoughts.

"This is embarrassing," she muttered, "but god, did I need that." She felt free and light, no longer burdened by a nagging bladder. A sense of calm came over her. She was now free to focus her full attention on the enemy, no longer fighting her own body. They still had a good shot at winning this.

"The Anti-Mage taught me to be practical, and to win at all costs." Wei reflected. Was keeping her panties dry really worth hurting her chances at winning the battle of the ancients?

Wei would have to think about that some more. Though she had no idea how to explain the smell to the rest of her team.

