All Tied Up

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2018-06-05 22:25

I plan on making this another series! I have not done one since my Tom and Kelly one (which I would highly recommend if you haven’t read it yet) and wanted to try another one. I also wanted to experiment with more male desperation since I rarely write it. This first installment is partially based on a story I have read before with a similar premise and some of the events will mimic those of that story. So if you recognize it and could let me know the title and author that would be great so I can give that person credit. I believe it was on the site Literotica.

Anyway, thanks for reading my little spiel and hope you enjoy!

###-

Jason woke up groggy, blinking awake slowly. He was aware enough to recognize that he seemed to be in a basement of some sort, with bare concrete floors and similar walls. Except one wall which he noticed was filled with equipment he couldn’t quite make out yet. As he blinked a few more times he recognized cuffs, what looked like a metal belt of some kind, and various other devices he couldn’t fathom the purpose of, as well as a tall dresser. To finish the increasingly concerning furnishings of the place was a pair of hand and leg cuffs fastened to the wall.

As he finally gathered his bearings fully he realized he was sat down in a metal chair, his arms fastened to the arms of the chair by metal cuffs and his legs similarly confined by cuffs forcing him to sit spread eagle, each ankle attached to one of the front legs of the chair. He desperately tried to remember what had gotten him into such a situation. The last thing he could remember was being at a bar, chatting up a hot woman with long, dark, wavy hair. He had been feeling especially confident that night in his dark blue Henley and light wash jeans, giving him the confidence to flirt shamelessly with the woman. Then as a violent urge hit him he remembered something else. He had drank quite a bit before talking to the woman, and the absolute last thing he could remember was excusing himself to the bathroom.

It was as if the memory had triggered his bladder. Immediately he was hit with a strong wave of desperation and groaned with the force of it. He instinctively tried to move his hands to grab hold of his member or bring his legs together but the restraints held strong and he could barely move his limbs an inch. He threw his head back breathing roughly and shutting his eyes tight as he fought off the sudden urge to piss. Just as he was able to gather his control, a female voice rang out. “Oh good, you’re awake,” she hummed. Jason’s eyes shot open as the woman from the bar came into view. She was still clad in the jeans and band tee shirt she had been wearing at the bar, giving her an innocuous appearance, but her words were enough to make Jason realize she was responsible for his current predicament.

”What’s going on? Who are you?” he asked nervously, anxiety creeping into his voice. “You can call me Sarah,” she smiled, reinforcing her innocent appearance, “and I just wanted to bring you around to have a little fun.”

“Look I don’t know what your plan is but can you please just release me for a second? I have to go to the bathroom really badly. I swear I won’t try to run, just please let me have some relief!” Jason begged. “Ah but that’s the fun part you see. I know the outfit may be deceiving right now but don’t you worry. I’ll be going to change soon, just wanted to check on you first. Then we can get started. Don’t try anything funny either, I have security cameras covering every inch of this place,” she explained before leaving out of a heavy metal door once more.

Jason gulped nervously. He was well and truly trapped with no means of escape, an overfilled bladder, and a beautiful yet domineering woman apparently calling all the shots. When Sarah returned, she had indeed changed into something far more indicative of her seemingly dominatrix nature. She wore black leather pants that accentuated her curves, a matching black corset that amplified her cleavage, and finished the look with a pair of red high heels. Jason couldn’t help the small trill of arousal that tingled down his spine and into his groin at the sight of her, but the feeling was overridden by the desperation that was causing his legs to tremble and his dick to throb. He wanted so badly to grab hold of himself and his hands’ jerky movements within the cuffs were evidence of that.

“Aww do you want to hold yourself?” Sarah teased in a lilting voice, slowly approaching Jason. He nodded frantically gritting his teeth, thinking that the admission would make her free his hands. Instead she walked over, leaned down, and used one hand to clamp down onto his dick. He gasped out both at the relief the action provided and the arousal it immediately sent racing through him.

”I think I’m feeling generous. Do you want me to let you go to the bathroom?” Sarah asked. “Yes, please!” Jason gasped. “Ok then I have one simple request,” she announced before leaning down to whisper in his ear, “no matter what, don’t cum until I tell you to.”

“Wait what?” Before Jason could properly question what she meant, she had begun stroking his penis through his jeans. He groaned as he quickly grew hard and his dick strained against his jeans. With her other hand Sarah popped open the button on his jeans and unzipped the fly before letting go of his now rock hard dick and then reaching into his boxers to pull it free and into the open air. As the cold air hit his fully erect cock, Jason couldn’t help but moan. His desperation hadn’t faded but as precum beaded at the tip of his penis, he knew his body would not physically allow him to relieve himself.

Sarah smirked at his reaction before beginning to stroke him slowly, even going so far as to use his precum as lubricant for her actions. It wasn’t long before Jason’s squirming had less to do with his need to pee and more with his persistent arousal. Sarah sped up her motions and, even though he knew he needed to stop himself from cumming before she permitted him to, his dick was over sensitive from holding back all his pent up urine and it wasn’t longing before he was raising his hips to fuck into her hand as she jacked him off. “Oh fuck I’m gonna cum!” he cried out after several more moments of this.

“You better not,” Sarah warned him, all while angling his dick more towards him as he was oblivious with pleasure. “Oh I can’t stop it, oh god!” he cried out again, before thick ropes of his cum came shooting out of his dick, splattering onto his shirt and chest. He panted heavily as his dick softened and Sarah made a noise of disappointment. He gasped as he felt his urine, finally allowed to pass through his urethra again, surge down his penis, right as Sarah tucked him back into his boxers and jeans. He was helpless to stop the oncoming flood as urine jetted into his boxers and jeans.

The wet spot quickly grew, soaking his crotch before pooling in the chair beneath him. From there it cascaded down both the legs of his jeans and the legs of the chair before splattering onto the concrete below. When he finally finished Sarah looked him up and down in his disheveled state, covered in both his own cum and urine. “Oh I’m going to have fun with you,” she declared with a smirk before beginning to walk away. “Wait! Can’t you let me clean myself up?” Jason shouted after her. Sarah who had already reached and opened the door, paused just long enough to cheekily say “Nope,” before stepping through the doorway and slamming the door closed behind her.

Jason sat stunned as his jeans slowly began to cool and the ejaculate on his shirt and chest began to dry. Sat in his own fluids and still restrained, he could do nothing but wait for Sarah’s return and worry about what was in store for him in the coming days.

*002*2018-06-06 19:33

Part 2!

Sarah had left Jason to sit in his own cum and urine for the rest of the evening, before eventually returning to clean him. Dressed in a similar outfit to the day before, but with a leather skirt instead of pants, she came into the room humming.

“How’d you sleep last night?” she asked with a lilt in her voice. “How do you think?” Jason grumbled, thoroughly uncomfortable from sitting in sopping wet jeans with the dried up flakes of his ejaculate all over him. “Well then I guess it’s time for me to clean you up,” Sarah sighed. Jason expected to be released but instead she went and procured a hose and a large pair of scissors.

“W...what are you doing?” Jason asked nervously. “Cleaning you up.” Sarah responded with a smirk. She came over and began cutting Jason out of his clothes. She first removed his shirt, then his sopping wet jeans, and finally his boxers, leaving him entirely nude in the metal chair. She then turned on the hose and began to hose Jason down.

“Hey!” He gasped. The hosing down wasn’t just horrible for Jason because of the brashness and humiliation of the action, but because part of waking up in the morning means needing a morning pee. The sound of the gushing water, the pressurized stream forcefully hitting his bladder, the feeling of that same stream cascading over him and down his legs, and the inability to hold himself, all spelled disaster. As Sarah decided she had power washed him enough and turned off the hose, she was met with the sight of Jason slouched over in the chair and moaning as he released all the urine he’d built up over the night. Jason could hardly believe how far he’d fallen. Gone was the confident man from the other night at the bar. In his place was a man who had pissed all over his clothes after shamelessly ejaculating on himself, and solidified his shame by pissing himself again, this time fully nude. All in front of a gorgeous bombshell of a woman.

“Wow, seems you have even less control of yourself than I thought. Hm, I think we should play a special little game today,” Sarah decided. She walked over to the dresser Jason had noticed when he first woke up and rummaged through some of the drawers before making a triumphant noise as she apparently found what she was looking for. When she turned around holding her finds, Jason initially was relieved when he spotted a pair of gray jeans. His heart immediately sank when he saw what she held in her other hand. Low and behold she held a diaper covered in cartoon rocketships, presumably one of those wetness indicators where the design would fade as the diaper neared capacity. She hadn’t even decided on an adult diaper, or even a pull up, but rather the tape on diapers typically reserved for those babies who have yet to be potty trained.

“Don’t bother resisting” she grinned as she approached him. “I’m going to let you go now, but if you try to run I’m going to take back the jeans. You got me?” she further threatened. Jason nodded his head. As loathe as he was to wear the diaper, he wanted to save at least some of his dignity by covering them with the jeans. Plus, that was better than sitting naked in a puddle of his own piss. Sarah released him from his shackles and commanded him to stand with his legs spread eagle. Jason complied and as soon as he had, Sarah reached over and taped the diaper onto him, patting his diapered butt demeaningly. She then passed him the jeans, which he quickly put on.

“Let me grab you a shirt,” she tells him. She turned to grab him one and, unbeknownst to him, grabbed a device off her rack of toys at the same time. She tossed the shirt at him and while he fumbled to catch it, he suddenly felt a weight on his waist and heard a metallic clicking noise. “What the fuck?” he exclaimed, looking down to see the source of the extra weight and finding a metal belt looped around him with a lock in front. “Don’t worry the shirt will obscure it from view. I figured we could run a few errands, perhaps go to the park, stuff like that. Maybe if I’m feeling generous I’ll even unlock your pants,” she giggled. “I better go change and then I’ll come get you and we can head out. There’s a liter bottle of water waiting for you on top of the dresser. There will be consequences if you don’t finish it before I come back,” she warned before leaving.

Jason didn’t want to risk whatever the supposed consequences would be, so when Sarah returned in a bright yellow sundress and white sandals, Jason was waiting obediently for her with the empty water bottle placed back where he had found it. Sarah expressed her approval before approaching him with a blindfold. “Sorry, can’t have you figuring out where exactly we are,” she explained before covering his eyes with it and leading him up the stairs and into her car. They drove for about 30 minutes before Sarah pulled into the parking lot of a superstore and removed Jason’s blindfold. He didn’t recognize the town and the store was generic enough to give him no clues so he resigned himself to not being able to ascertain where he was being held captive. Sarah warned him to be good before leading him into the store and beginning to slowly do her grocery shopping.

As time passed Jason began to feel his bladder fill with the water he’d consumed back in the basement. The diaper wrapped around him felt like a constant reminder of his lack of control last night and the lock on his jeans made him incredibly nervous. It wasn’t long before he began bouncing slightly on the balls of his feet. While they were checking out Sarah bought him an iced tea, knowing tea tended to have a diuretic effect, and as soon as they were out of earshot of the cashier she commanded Jason to drink it. He obliged despite already feeling quite full as he helped Sarah deposit all the bags in the back of her car.

As they climbed back into the car, Jason had to cross his leg bouncing slightly. “Don’t tell me you already have to go, we’ve only just started!” Sarah teased. Jason grumbled out an angry response but Sarah ignored him, too pleased at the sight of his bouncing legs. Jason wondered where exactly Sarah was planning on going when they pulled into a parking lot with a bunch of crafts stores and places like Target and Walmart. What could she possibly need? Jason’s face went pale when he realized she wasn’t going to park and enter one of the stores but was instead heading towards the car wash he had only just noticed. As they pulled up, they were soon greeted by an employee who would drive the car through the wash for them. Sarah handed him the keys and dragged Jason into the little store to pay for the wash. The place was crowded. There were several people all waiting to retrieve their cars, meaning it would probably be awhile before Jason and Sarah’s was ready.

Furthermore, the walls of the little store were hardly thick enough to subdue all the sounds of rushing and spraying water, driving poor Jason insane. He groaned as he pressed his thighs together. Sarah only gave him a knowing look before flouncing off to the cashier. Left to his own devices, Jason tried to move as far away from the large window that displayed the source of all those watery sounds, although it did little to help. He felt a short leak slip out of his urethra and into the diaper and gasped, his hand immediately shooting down to his crotch to hopefully prevent anymore leaks as he started full on pee dancing at the back of the store. Holding his diapered crotch was not nearly as effective as when he was wearing jeans and boxers and could grab his dick directly, and for what must have been the millionth time that day he cursed everything that had led him to this point.

Suddenly, a boy of around 10 years old, who was apparently there with his older brother, stopped and stared at Jason. He tugged on his brother’s sleeve and then pointed at Jason before announcing “I thought you said only babies have to hold like that! How come that man is doing it?” Jason’s face flushed bright red as the brother and several other patrons turned to look at who the little boy was pointing at.

“Well clearly that ‘man’ is actually a baby,” the brother snarked, smirking at Jason and clearly holding back laughter. The others who had turned to look all either looked like they were disgusted with his behavior or barely holding back their own laughter. Feeling somewhat emasculated, Jason cleared his throat, let go of his crotch, despite everything telling him not to, and straightened up. He stopped dancing but kept his thighs pressed as tightly together as the diaper allowed him. He wanted so badly to resume his prior position but even once everyone had stopped staring, several of the people who’d seen him dancing around kept throwing curious glances his way, only to quickly avert their gaze whenever he caught them.

Jason knew the battle was ending. Another hard spurt forced its way out of him and into the diaper. He didn’t grab hold of himself again but the way he kept squirming and crossing his legs was almost as indicative of his desperation as him blatantly holding himself and dancing around. Sarah watched from a distance with a satisfied grin. She knew that all the noises from the car wash would drive him wild but between his franticness and the little boy calling out his childish behavior, the whole thing was going down even better than she had imagined. Having not seen the little boy since he had first called Jason out, Jason had assumed the boy and his brother had left. Of course, his luck was not that good and he soon noticed the boy and his brother sidle up next to him. “How are you holding up there?” the brother asked sarcastically.

“Please leave me be?” Jason pleaded through gritted teeth. “Wow you really have to go don’t you? Unfortunately for you, you’re much more interesting to watch than all that water in the car wash. Squirting out so forcefully. Splattering against the cars,” the brother grinned. Jason cursed under his breath and had no choice but to grip his crotch again to prevent the flood from releasing. Some of the patrons began to whisper as they let their curious glances inch closer towards openly staring at the desperate man.

“Better not piss yourself, those jeans are really light,” the brother continued to jeer. It was only a matter of moments longer when Jason moaned and the tell tale hiss of a wetting began to ring out. The older brother grinned and looked down to Jason’s crotch, expecting to see a growing wet patch. When there was nothing there, he quickly became confused, until he and Jason realized simultaneously that the hissing sound was being accompanied by the sound of liquid splattering against something. A noise that definitely wouldn’t accompany piss splashing into boxers.

“Oh my god don’t tell me,” the brother said with glee, as he met Jason’s embarrassed and pleading glance. “Are you wearing a diaper?” the brother asked louder than was necessary. Several of the patrons who had started staring before his accident began to whisper amongst themselves, some even snickering, as Jason continued to soak his diaper. “Wow you really are a baby,” the little boy chirped as his brother began dying of laughter while Jason could do nothing but sit there and piss himself in a diaper with a crowd of knowing on lookers. It did not help that the diaper had expanded considerably as it struggled to absorb all of his flood, causing a bulge around his crotch and ass where the diaper was.

As soon as his stream finished, he raced outside, uncaring that the car wasn’t done being washed. When he exited the little shop red faced with a diaper bulge, he found a smirking Sarah leaning against her newly washed car. “W...why didn’t you come get me when the car was done?” he asked incredulously. “And miss your little show in there? Not likely,” she laughed. “C...can I at least get changed?” he asked, unable to look Sarah in the eye as he did so. “Hmm. No. I’m not feeling generous.”

“B..,but it’s full!” Jason said. As embarrassing as it was to admit, even he couldn’t deny that the diaper wouldn’t have swollen as much as it had if it were capable of holding more liquid. “Think of it as extra motivation to not wet yourself again. Especially since I’m going to have to punish you when we get back if you get those jeans wet. Oh and I bought you this soda, drink up!” Sarah grinned. Jason did as he was told but could already feel his bladder refilling from the tea he had earlier and this was only making it worse.

He dreaded the drive back, unsure he would last the whole 30 minute ride. His anxiety spiked even higher when he realized Sarah wasn’t turning onto the highway to head home but rather the parking lot of a public park that was crawling with people out trying to enjoy the weather. He gaped at the scene ahead of him. No way he would last long enough to stay here and make it back dry. “I told you we were going to the park,” Sarah smirked before climbing out of the car and heading into the park. Jason followed but then he spied the public restrooms and an idea formed in his head.

Having forgotten about the belt latching his pants in place, he raced to the restroom while Sarah’s back was still turned. He raced to the men’s room and rushed to the urinal. It was then he remembered the belt blocking his access to the button of his jeans. “It’s fine! I can just pull down the zipper and” Jason trailed off as he got his zipper down only to come into contact with the saggy diaper. He had practically forgotten. There was no way he could get to his dick to pull it out without removing the diaper, which he couldn’t very well do with his jeans locked in place.

He heard the door swing open and the sound of a few other guys coming in so he rushed into a stall to try and see if he could somehow remove his jeans despite the metal belt. Being so close to a toilet made his desperation grow tenfold and he couldn’t help but dance around chanting a quiet mantra of “come on, come on, come on!” as he tried to get his jeans off. Soon he felt himself spurting into the already saturated diaper. “No, no, no, please no!” he whispered before he felt himself completely lose the battle.

He ended up plopping onto the toilet and burying his face in his hands as he pissed into the diaper for the second time. His eyes widened momentarily before he resumed lamenting his dignity when he realized the diaper was leaking and piss was rushing down the legs of his gray jeans. When his flow finally stopped and he stepped out of the stall, leaving a puddle behind, he froze when he found himself face to face with two other men. They looked at Jason, then his jeans, and then the puddle in the stall he just exited. “Seriously dude? In the fucking stall? You were right there,” one of them said, shaking his head. “Holy shit look at the piss stain!” the other man pointed out, noting that while all down his legs the jeans had gone black, there was a conspicuous lack of a stain around his crotch. “Holy shit, are you in a fucking diaper? That’s priceless,” the first man laughed.

At that moment, a seething Sarah stormed into the bathroom. “I see you boys found my big baby,” she said, giving Jason a once over. “And I see you couldn’t keep your pants dry,” she added. Jason suddenly notices she’s holding a new diaper. “Would you gentlemen care to watch me change this big baby?” she asked condescendingly. The two men looked at each other before shrugging and leaning against the sink, curious as to what exactly that would entail. Shortly afterward, another woman came in. She was a gorgeous red headed woman with perfect freckles and an incredible ass.

In other circumstances Jason would have flirted with her without hesitation, instead he could only blush even more than he already was, as the smoking hot woman became another witness to his shame. “Oh you found him,” she said addressing Sarah despite her eyes never leaving the obvious stain on Jason’s jeans. He shifted uncomfortably under her scrutiny only to become further mortified when she blinked herself out of her trance and then walked over to take a seat on the sink next to the two men from before.

“What the hell?” Jason asked. “Oh her? She’s thinking of doing something similar with her husband so I told her if she helped me find you she could watch for tips. Now shut up and stand still,” Sarah told him. Jason snapped his mouth shut with a gulp and tried not to look at the audience he had somehow wound up with. Sarah produced what must be the key to the belt, approached and unlocked it. When Jason reached to take off his own jeans, Sarah batted his hand away before growling out a warning. Cowed and feeling thoroughly emasculated by the snickers of the other men, Jason obeyed as Sarah opened and unzipped his jeans before pulling them down. She told him to step out and spread his legs. Once he complied, the other men, already satisfied by seeing Jason standing in only his shirt and soggy diaper, decided to leave. The red headed woman did not. She continued to watch Sarah and Jason intently.

Sarah removed Jason’s diaper, exposing his penis, still dripping from his accident, to the cool air of the bathroom and their audience member. “He’s going to have to be wiped off,” Sarah noted. “Would you like to do it?” she asked the red headed woman. “Me? Erm, sure!” the woman responded. She stopped into a stall to grab plenty of toilet paper before approaching Jason. She seemed nervous at first but then gathered her confidence as she wiped off Jason’s ass first and then his thighs. She hesitated for only a moment before she started to wipe off Jason’s penis. Jason had to bite back a moan, not wanting to give Sarah the satisfaction of seeing him aroused after wetting himself again. But he couldn’t help his body’s reaction and it didn’t take long for the woman’s ministrations to get him achingly hard.

”Oh,” the woman gasped, staring at Jason who moaned at the loss when she jerked her hand away. “It’s ok, you can stroke him,” Sarah encouraged her. With Sarah’s permission granted, the woman turned back to Jason and began to do just that. Jason could only moan, both completely humiliated and completely turned on. He had to grip the doorway of the stall behind him to maintain his balance as he began to fuck into the woman’s hand. He was so close to orgasm, just about to tip over into ecstasy when Sarah suddenly called “Stop!” The woman immediately obeyed and spun around to look at Sarah. “Thanks sweetheart but that’s enough. Go back and find your husband he must be wondering where you are,” Sarah told her sweetly. The woman nodded, took one last look at the panting, disheveled Jason before leaving the stall.

“P...please,” Jason begged, his hips making small thrusts searching for friction that was no longer there. “Oh don’t worry I’ll let you come,” Sarah assured him, before securing a new diaper on him. “I thought you said” Jason started but the words died in his throat as Sarah reached a hand into the diaper and began jacking him off quick and dirty. “Fuck, Sarah!” Jason called out as he rapidly raced back towards his climax. “Go ahead. Let go you big baby,” Sarah told him, and let go he did. He came so hard into the diaper he practically saw stars and his legs went a little shaky. He panted hard as he slowly came down and Sarah removed her hand from his diaper, wiped her hands off on his discarded jeans, and then promptly threw said jeans into the garbage. That was enough to snap Jason out of his trance.

“Wait why did you do that?” he cried out. Sarah turned sharply to face him. “Why did I do that? Not only did you soil your jeans, even though I explicitly told you not to, but you also raced off to try and cheat! Your actions have consequences so you’re going to walk back to the car with me with your cum filled diaper on display and when we get back to my place I’m going to administer the rest of your punishment. Got it!” Sarah fumed. “Y...yes, I’m sorry. Please don’t punish me!” Jason begged. “Too late. Now come on!” Sarah bit out.

Jason could do nothing but follow, his now sticky diaper exposed to all the people visiting the park. He felt every stare and heard every whisper and laugh at his expense, but all of that seemed almost tangential as his anxiety over what was in store for him when he and Sarah returned to the house mounted.

*005*2018-06-06 23:39

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn poor Jason he needs some pay back for what sarahs doing to him

}}

{{3 hours ago, Bf1fan said:

I hope he breaks out and pays her back.

}}

Hmm unfortunately for Jason I don’t think it will happen any time soon. But who knows, maybe Sarah will get a taste of her own medicine eventually.

*006*2018-06-08 23:16

Hey guys! Here’s part 3! I’m not super happy with the beginning because my computer reset on me and I lost the entirety of my work and had to start again, so it may feel a bit rushed. Sorry about that, I promise it gets better as you get further down to material I had not written before the restart. Hopefully the installment after this one will be even better!

###

After an incredibly tense car ride, Sarah escorted a blindfolded and shaking Jason down to the basement. “W...what are you going to do to me?” Jason asked. “You’ll see,” Sarah said as she led him to the cuffs hanging on the wall. The minute Jason felt the cold metal of the cuffs on his ankles he began to panic and just as his courage failed him so too did his bladder, and by the time Sarah was fastening his hands above his head a hissing sound could be heard as he wet himself with fear, turning his sticky diaper yellow and sodden. Sarah clicked her tongue in disapproval. “I won’t hurt you silly. No need to be so afraid,” she snorted. She removed the blindfold and Jason blinked multiple times as his eyes readjusted to the light. “That diaper looks like it’s really uncomfortable Jason,” Sarah teased. “It is,” Jason confirmed abashedly.

”Do you want me to change you?”

”Yes please.”

”Well I will on one condition.”

”You name it! Please Sarah I’ll do anything!”

”Cum in your diaper.”

”What?”

”Did I stutter? Cum. In. Your. Diaper.”

Sarah went up and released one of Jason’s hands before giving him an expectant look. He opened and closed his mouth a few times, on the verge of objecting, but in the end decided to keep his mouth shut for fear of further punishment. “What, does jacking off in your pissed in diaper embarrass you Jason?” Sarah taunted. When Jason nodded his head she scoffed.

“Well having to go looking for you just to find you in wet pants and a wet diaper was pretty embarrassing to me. So if you want out of that diaper, do as I say. Otherwise I will gladly leave you in it all night,”. Jason whimpered at the thought before obediently bringing his hand down to grasp his dick within the diaper. He expected to struggle to get aroused, but found it only took a few strokes for him to become achingly hard. Sarah’s hungry gaze made him nervous, so he shut his eyes and tried to lose himself in fantasy to expedite the process. He thought of the last porn he’d watched, pretending the Star was hungrily sucking down his dick.

He was beginning to worry when the image did very little to aid him in reaching orgasm when suddenly the face changed and it was suddenly Sarah greedily taking him into her mouth in the leather dominatrix outfit she’d been wearing when she woke him up that morning. He cried out as his orgasm began to build, stroking himself harder and faster. Fantasy Sarah popped off the head of his dick, pulled black panties down from beneath her leather skirt, and then proceeded to slowly sit down on Jason’s dick. She moved at an almost agonizingly slow place as Jason practically begged her to hurry up so he could be enveloped in the tight heat of her pussy. He didn’t last long after that. In reality, chained to the wall Jason began to hump into his first eagerly as Sarah rode him hard in his fantasy. A few more thrusts later Jason was cumming hard into the diaper.

As his eyes fluttered open and he met Sarah’s gaze he blushed a vibrant red. The prospect of touching himself in front of her while suspended to the wall and wearing a diaper had been bad enough, but knowing she had been the star of his fantasy only made his embarassment that much worse. “Good boy,” Sarah praised, removing the diaper as promised, before commanding “now drink this.” She passed him several bottles of water and before long 8 empty bottles of water lay discarded on the floor. Sarah then recuffed the hand she had freed earlier. “If you last for an hour I’ll release one of your hands to help you hold. At 2 hours I’ll give you a bucket to piss in so I hope your aim is good. Your time starts now,” Sarah told him, before grabbing herself a seat to watch the show.

It took about twenty minutes for Jason to start feeling all of the water he consumed. By forty minutes in he’d started squirming against the wall. When he looked down he was confronted with the sight of his belly distended from where his bladder had expanded to accommodate all of the liquid pent up inside him. “Oh god please let me go!” Jason begged. “No. You can hold longer than this, come on,” Sarah goaded. Jason’s increasingly labored breathing seemed to disagree but he shut his eyes tight and grit his teeth in an attempt to keep back the flood. A brief spurt escaped from his urethra and splattered to the floor.

Sarah could only smirk and check the clock. “Only 5 minutes before I get to release one of your hands. Surely you can last that long,” Sarah teased. Jason released another spurt that splattered to the ground but shortly after Sarah approached him. She carefully stepped around the piss he’d already gotten on the floor before reaching up to release one of his hands. His hand immediately shot to his dick, squeezing it and applying much needed pressure to his pee hole. He sighed in relief as the additional pressure greatly took the edge off his need. He managed to stop squirming for the time being, although his bladder still felt like a lead weight sitting atop his groin.

With a half hour left before he could experience relief, Jason had reached the same point of desperation as before he was permitted to hold himself. His grip on his penis was tight to the point of being almost painful but he refused to give up. “I won’t lie Jason, I’m impressed. I doubted that you would last this long,” Sarah told him, giving him an appraising look. Jason couldn’t even process what Sarah was saying, too preoccupied with his bursting bladder that seemed fit to pop. A somewhat longer spurt squeezed its way past Jason’s grip and hit the concrete but he simply readjusted his hold and solidered on.

Sarah grew more and more impressed as time wore on. Sure Jason was doing the closest approximation to a pee dance as he could given his constraints, but with only ten minutes left it was beginning to appear as if he would last the full two hours. “Please oh please oh please let time move faster. Fuck! I have to go so bad. It hurts,” Jason groaned, twisting and turning as much as his chains and cuffs allowed. “Congratulations Jason,” Sarah suddenly smirked before placing a bucket not far from Jason’s feet. A long leak forced its way out of Jason’s exhausted pee hole upon seeing salvation, but once he had recovered, Jason used his trembling hand to attempt to aim before shifting his grip to no longer block his urethra.

Immediately piss came shooting out of him like a water hose. A lot of the first gushes hit the concrete floor with a loud splash but a quick adjustment allowed Jason to start filling the bucket, first with the satisfying pang of fast moving liquid striking metal and then that of it splashing into other liquid. Jason was panting by the time his stream finished, bladder muscles thoroughly exhausted. Sarah stood to examine the bucket, before moving it to a drain further away and dumping it. “I must say you did well Jason. Maybe there’s hope for you after all,” Sarah smiled before turning and walking away. Jason kept waiting for her to turn back and free him but it never happened. “Sleep tight Jason,” she called as she exited the room and flicked off the brighter lights, leaving Jason in much dimmer lighting.

Despite his uncomfortable position, the events of the day had worn Jason out to the point of complete exhaustion and only a few minutes after Sarah had left he drifted to sleep. Just a few hours later he was woken up by a desperate need to pee. His hand flew to his dick in order to stop the oncoming flood. Jason looked to where the bucket he had relieved himself in earlier once was, only to curse when he realized that Sarah had moved it somewhere he couldn’t use. His next leak could barely squeeze past his fingers and thus trailed down between his palm and penis. If his hand subconsciously slid down once before returning to its previous position, well no one had to know.

Despite having successfully held so much liquid for 2 hours not that long ago, the hold had left his bladder muscles so weak that he doubted he’d ever been this desperate in his life. It felt as if a weight were sitting in his abdomen, putting an unbearable pressure on his groin and begging to be dropped. He began to call out “Sarah! Sarah come back! Please I’m desperate to go again, Sarah!” But his pleas went unanswered as Sarah slept soundly two stories above him.

Jason struggled for as long as he could but soon the flow began gushing out of him like Niagara Falls. Jason groaned, one hand still holding his penis, as he created a large puddle beneath him. The sound of his explosion seemed to echo around the quiet basement, making an almost amplifying effect and drowning out the sound of his sigh of relief. Never before had Jason felt so incredibly full while his muscles felt so incredibly weak and the experience of relieving himself after all of it was orgasmic. So much so that without hesitation, the minute Jason’s stream stopped he began to quickly jerk himself off. With no eyes on him, he held nothing back.

His hand moved as quickly as he could physically make it, he moaned loudly and without abandon, and as his eyes drifted shut, all he could see behind his eye lids was a replay of the wetting he had just experienced except with Sarah there to witness it while a similarly Golden stream began to drip down her thighs. Soon afterwards Jason came harder than he ever had in his life. Thick ropes of cum arched into the air, landing on his chest, his cheek, and a little had even made its way into his hair. The force of his climax ripping through him had turned his legs and arms to jelly, and he slumped down in his restraints as he caught his breath before promptly falling back into a deep sleep.

###-

Thanks for reading! And keep an eye out for next chapter where Sarah may very well get a taste of her own medicine.

*008*2018-06-09 02:08

Who said anything about Jason?

*010*2018-06-09 02:32

{{3 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Lol I did =P

}}

Lolol I’m just saying, Sarah getting a taste of her own medicine does not necessarily mean Jason being the one to give it to her

*012*2018-06-09 15:50

Part 3!

###

Sarah, woke up from her deep sleep in a lavish room with a large, comfortable bed and ornate decoration. She stretched before making her way to the next room over where she went to pick out her outfit for the day. This room was threadbare. Although the decoration was similarly opulent, there was no bed and the drawers looked as if they’d only recently been stocked. I’m any case, Sarah walked into the room, peeling off her pink pajamas to trade them out for a pair of pink panties and a black bra before walking over to the closet. There too, it looked as if the clothes had just been placed inside. She put on a pair of gray spandex shorts that hugged her figure nicely and black leather crop top as a shirt. She paired it with black heels before going to the mirror to fix up her hair.

As she descended the stairs to the basement she was already brainstorming up new ways to torture Jason’s bladder. By the time she opened the door and shut it behind her she was in good enough spirits to not have heard the faint rumbling of an engine pulling into the drive. She flicked on the lights and her eyes went with shock until she had processed the sight in front of her. Jason was stood, still cuffed to the wall save for one hand, naked, with his thighs covered in his own piss and his upper body from the chest up covered in the evidence of his climax. It was just like that first night Sarah had tied him up, but made all the better because this time Jason had gotten off by his own volition.

Jason gulped at the sight of Sarah stood before him. He knew he was a mess. He had woken early with a bad case of morning wood and unabashedly fixed the problem by stroking himself to completion. This had only added to the mess he’d made in the middle of the night. Sarah looked delighted and opened her mouth to unleash more of her snarky wit, Jason was sure, but before any words could be uttered, a male voice Jason hadn’t heard before suddenly rang out “well what do we have here?” Sarah’s eyes went round as dinner plates as she spun to face the man who’d just entered the room. The man was easily a few inches taller than Jason, had a clean shaven face and chiseled jaw, and between his facial features and the suit he was wearing, he exuded the aura of a confident business man quite unfamiliar with the feeling of not getting what he wanted when he wanted it. The man slammed the door closed behind him and began to approach Sarah.

“George! I erm was not expecting you back so soon!” Sarah said nervously, slowly backing away from the approaching man. “I can see that. I don’t think that outfit meets the guidelines of your approved wardrobe,” George growled. Jason watched on in interest at the sudden appearance of a submissive side to Sarah, waiting to see how this would play out and hoping to receive more answers in the process.

Sarah seemed to be trembling as her back hit the wall. “Care to explain yourself?” the intimidating man demanded as he looked over her. Sarah only stuttered until, to Jason’s elation and surprise, a small dark patch began to grow on the crotch of Sarah’s shorts. The spot grew steadily and soon golden streams were making their way down a frightened Sarah’s legs. “This is precisely why you have an approved wardrobe,” George said dismissively. Jason’s dick had twitched eagerly at the sight of Sarah losing control the same way she had made him do so and couldn’t help the grin that spread across his face as the tables turned. “What the hell are you smiling about? Clearly you’re as bad as she is, look at you,” George scolded him. Jason’s smile instantly dropped off his face. He had assumed that George would be his savior but he was beginning to think if anything he was in even more trouble.

Suddenly a lightbulb seemed to go off in George’s head. He took Sarah by the arm and pulled her towards the center of the room but only a few feet away from Jason. “Since you clearly are enjoying yourself Jason,” he sneered mockingly, “then for every half hour you hold Sarah has to remove an article of clothing,”.

“What if I’m still holding by the time she’s naked?” Jason asked. “I highly doubt we’ll need to worry about that. Now clean yourself up.” George says, eyeing Jason’s disheveled State and then passing him a wet towel. Jason obliged and George released him from the cuffs on the wall, then tossed him a pair of boxer briefs, jeans, and a simple tee shirt.

After being given 3 bottles of water, George alerted Jason that his time had started. With full mobility Jason skated his way through the first thirty minutes by simply pressing his thighs together. He wasn’t sure if the thrill that came from watching Sarah remove her shirt, exposing her ample chest and bra to him came from arousal or satisfaction that she’d become just as much of a victim as him. At an hour in Jason started to really feel the weight of his bladder. He had to hold himself if he wanted to stop himself from squirming as he tried to breath through the pain. He felt the warm liquid inside his bladder churning around as the third bottle of water really hit his bladder, filling up the tank completely. Jason was tempted to give up but one look at Sarah’s face as she blushed red and removed her shorts gave him the motivation to continue. Sarah’s pink panties has a large wet spot that extended halfway up the panties both in front and back.

Even better, they were still dripping the slightest bit. Jason felt his dick twitch but he told himself now wasn’t the time and focused on holding in the flood instead. At one and a half hours, Jason was squirming with a hard grip on his throbbing penis. Sarah was growing worried now, she knew George well and thus knew her punishment wouldn’t end with this stripping game. Desperation was surely in store for her too and at this point it was only a matter of what she would be permitted to wear as her bladder was tested. So yes, Sarah was apprehensive and her hands shook the slightest as she reached up behind her back and unfastened her bra, removing it so her boobs were now completely on display. She went to cover them with her arms but a strict word from George informed her no such covering of her modesty would be allowed. Her hands were to remain at her sides and her legs to stay shoulder with apart.

Jason stared openly at Sarah’s chest, the momentary distraction causing him to leak into his underwear for a short second. He immediately refocused and got himself under control. “Come on just last thirty more minutes and you will get to see her naked,” he told himself. He felt he was nearing bursting point but forced his body to obey him, “. When he made it to 2 hours he was ecstatic and watched eagerly as a mortified Sarah was forced to shed her panties and thus completely reveal herself to his hungry gaze. Jason could not believe his eyes. Sarah was completely clean shaven, giving him an unobstructed view of her still dripping pussy as she clenched and unclenched her firsts at her sides in order to resist the temptation of covering herself with her hands. Jason couldn’t help how hard he got at the sight and his dick noticeably strained against his jeans. “I didn’t think you would make it this far Jason. Especially with the state I saw you in earlier.

Make it another half hour and I’ll let you touch her,” George congratulated him. Just the thought of that scenario drove him wild and as Jason danced around, dick firmly in hand, he couldn’t help but close his eyes and imagine himself burying his fingers in her vagina and finger fucking her until her climax. He began to rub himself over his jeans, using it as a tool to help him hold. He knew he would release the pent up urine that begged to be released as soon as he reached completion but as long as that happened after the 2.5 hour mark he could not care less. The next thirty minutes were a combination of completed agony and staggering arousal as Jason held back the torrent angrily fighting to get past his bladder muscles.

Every time he felt his arousal starting to wane due to the severity of his desperation, he reimagined his potential reward and once again he began to edge toward climax. Immediately after George called out that 2.5 hours had passed, Jason realized his fantasy would soon come true and his eyelids shot open. The minute he laid eyes on Sarah’s horrified face and nude form he came hard into his jeans. He panted out his relief simply letting his bloated bladder deflate and release itself, piss pouring down his legs before grinning up at Sarah.

George smirked in amusement at first Jason and then Sarah. “Get in the chair Sarah,” he commanded and Sarah, with no choice but to comply, made her way over to the metal chair she had once tortured Jason in, sat down, and nearly cried as she watched George fasten her hands to the arms of the chair and spread her legs so as to fasten her ankles to the legs of the chairs. Jason’s eyes kept flicking back and forth between her blushing and chagrined face, her ample breasts, and her pussy.

“Can I get a change of clothes now?” Jason asked George, who laughed in response. “Did I say you earned the right to be changed? Maybe if you had held longer you could have earned it. This may be a reward for you, but I am mostly letting you do this in order to use you for Sarah’s punishment. I own you now Jason. You will change when I allow you to,” George told him. Jason gulped, the gravity in George’s voice emphasized how much he meant the words. Jason closed his mouth and resolved to endure his sticky and wet underwear. The last thing he wanted was to end up like Sarah.

Slightly more humbled, Jason approached the chair as Sarah whimpered slightly. George took in her appearance hungrily as he pressed a large Nalgene bottle of iced tea to her lips. Having known her and tortured her for much longer than she had Jason, he knew exactly what ran through her and into her bladder faster. Sarah understood the implicit command and began to chug down the tea. As the last bit entered her mouth, Jason quickly rubbed her clit, timing it perfectly to catch her off guard and cause her to sputter. She shot him a glare but it had no heat when she was exposed to him so thoroughly. With her legs spread apart Jason’s had easy access to and view of her most private area and he intended on taking full advantage of this.

He started out rubbing her slowly, wanting to make sure she was quite desperate before she was anywhere near to orgasm. He could tell the moment her bladder started to fill by the grimace that appeared on her face. He began to speed up his pace and brought his other hand up to tease at her hardening nipples. Sarah was not faring well. As much as she had teased Jason about his ability to hold, the truth was that she had a small bladder. It was what had gotten her stuck under George’s control back when they first met during their last year of university.

She had been his little slave ever since and while her time under him had gotten her into the fetish, hence why she had kidnapped Jason, it had not gotten her accustomed to the humiliation and George’s tests and trials never failed to have her bursting and red in the face. Having Jason become a part of that only added another layer of embarrassment on top of the ones already there. She couldn’t help but squirm as hot piss swished around her bladder and tried to ease its way into her urethra.

She tried to stop because it only amplified the friction that Jason was applying to her sensitive clit but it was the only way she could try and make the mounting pressure in her abdomen subside. It felt as if the entire ocean was trapped inside her aching bladder and having to divide her attention between her mounting arousal and her agonizing desperation was making her battle even worse. She had learned long ago that begging never got her anywhere so she just went back and forth between biting her lip and whispering “Oh god, I have to pee, I have to pee, I have to pee,” over and over again to herself.

Both Jason and George couldn’t help but smirk at Sarah’s little mantra and Jason decided this was the perfect moment to ramp up his ministrations. He left his thumb to stimulate Sarah’s swollen clitorous while he stuck his index and middle finger into her vagina, wasting no time before he started slowly pumping them inside her. Sarah gasped and spurted onto his hand at the new sensation and soon found herself alternating between grounding herself back into the metal chair while squirming, and grinding her crotch into Jason’s hands while her hips circled in the air.

She was so incredibly desperate for a piss that she was constantly cursing under her breath and moaning out just how badly she needed to go. Her bladder was a leaden weight pressing on her pee hole as she felt urine make its way down into her urethra, begging to come out. Jason started fingering her faster, adding in his ring finger to further stimulate her and Sarah was helpless to do anything but try to rock into his hand. She spurted a hard leak, some splashing onto the chair below her and some onto Jason’s hand. Her bladder was screaming for release now as more and more urine raced down her urethra waiting for its chance to exit.

She released another spurt, and then another, before her bladder finally gave in and she started pissing herself fully a torrent pouring out of her exhausted pussy and despite his hand getting soaked Jason still pumped his fingers in and out of her at a rapid pace. Before her bladder has even fully emptied itself she finds herself tipping over into climax. She cried out in ecstasy as the sensation of finally getting relief for her bladder and her orgasm combine to create one euphoric experience. When her climax has ended she falls heavily back into her chair, her butt landing into her puddle. She pants hard are the last of her urine streams out of her before trickling our and eventually stopping. She pants hard as Jason removes his fingers, no just as wet and sticky as his underwear and stares at her in awe.

George smirks at the two, his mind already racing with all the possibilities stood before him now that he has two slaves at his disposal. He looks each of his victims up and down, Jason still in the jeans he had came and pissed in not even an hour or so ago, and Sarah, fully naked in a puddle of her own fluids. “Oh yes,” he thought, “I’m going to have fun with these two.”

###

Thanks for reading! Thinking of having the next part be a flashback to when Sarah and George first met. Let me know if that’s something you’d like to see, and feel free to tell me if there are any fetishes you would love to see incorporated into the series.

*014*2018-10-10 14:28

George noticed Sarah long before he actually met her. Her small bladder had always caused her trouble and while she thought she always escaped anyone discovering so, George always noticed whenever it happened in his presence. He witnessed Sarah in extreme desperation 5 times and saw her wet herself 3 times before he decided that she was indeed just the kind of girl he had been looking for.

George saw his perfect opportunity in the form of a frat party celebrating the end of finals. Sarah and all of her friends were incredibly attractive so he had no difficulty convincing his roommates to invite them over for a pregame. George used his charm to talk her up, subtly making sure her cup stayed full. Not always with alcohol of course, he didn’t want to get her sloppy drunk. He just wanted to get her bladder full. He quickly noticed it working. Being in an unfamiliar environment meant Sarah would need to ask where the bathroom was, something George of course anticipated and why he insisted the pregame be at he and his friends’ apartment instead of at Sarah’s dorm. Every time Sarah opened her mouth to ask, George would quickly cut her off, knowing she wouldn’t be bold enough to interrupt him to ask for the bathroom.

He noticed the moment her need was beginning to grow dire. Her eyes kept darting around the apartment in search for the bathroom, she had more trouble maintaining the conversation, and her legs were crossed right. George was seriously struggling to contain himself. Her little black dress had ridden up her thighs, revealing pale flesh, and George tried not to let it distract him. He was on a mission, after all. Sarah opened her mouth one last time but this time was interrupted by the announcement that it was time to leave the apartment. With a grimace she stood, now desperately wishing she hadn’t worn heels, as she, George, and their friends made their way out of the apartment and began walking towards the party.

George may have pretended to be oblivious to Sarah’s plight, but in reality he relished in it. By the time they reached the frat house and stepped inside, Sarah was trembling. “Are you ok?” he asked her, leaning down to whisper in her ear as he did so and instilling his voice with fake concern. “Just need to r...run to the bathroom,” Sarah stuttered. “Oh, I’ve been here before I think it’s this way,” George supplied, intentionally going a circuitous route through parts of the house not necessarily meant for the party goers. A small whimper from Sarah told him she had probably just leaked. He smirked to himself before replacing it with an encouraging smile and turning to Sarah. “Almost there!” he promised.

George knew Sarah must be cursing her outfit choice. Her dress was so tight that the only way she could hold herself is if she were to hike it up to her waist so her only option was to try and press her thighs together while teetering on her heels. They were right outside the bathroom door farthest from where the party was, so no other partygoers were around and the hallway was brightly lit, unlike downstairs. George turned back only to see a trembling Sarah hang her head in shame and look down. George had seen her wet herself from afar enough times to know what that meant. His eyes filled with glee and a grin stretched across his face as he watched piss start flowing down Sarah’s legs, slowly escalating until it became a full on flood.

He watched as she created a puddle beneath her and by the time she finished, he pasted on a sympathetic look so when Sarah brought her head up he seemed trustworthy. Like he wouldn’t share her secret and he could be trusted to help her now. “Come on Sarah, let’s get you cleaned up in the bathroom,” he offered, reaching out a hand which she gratefully took. He led her into the bathroom, closed the door behind them, and then before Sarah could protest pulled the hem of her dress up to her waist, exposing her lower half.

George’s gaze fixated on the small black thong Sarah was wearing. “No wonder she left such a puddle, those wouldn’t absorb anything would they,” heorge thought. Sarah started to whimper so he shushed her quietly. “Hey, hey don’t worry. Why don’t you clean yourself up while I find you some new underwear. Okay?” Sarah nodded sheepishly, face flaming red. As George left the bathroom, closing the door behind him, he knew exactly where to head. One of the brothers had recently had to let his younger brother stay the night, a brother young enough to still be wetting the bed. George tipped into the appropriate room, grabbed one of the diapers still there, and then headed back to the bathroom. When he walked in, Sarah was anxiously waiting for him. “Good,” he thought, “she trusts me,”.

He screwed his face into what he hoped was an apologetic expression before passing the diaper. “This was all I could find that would fit you. I’m sorry,” he told her. “I can’t wear a diaper! Geez, I’m a senior in college,” she protested. “A senior in college who had an accident. Don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone and we can head straight back to my place after you change. No one has to know,”.

Sarah had a long internal debate before finally sighing and accepting the diaper. George pretended to cover his eyes as Sarah hiked her dress back up, revealing her naked ass and pussy to him before diapering herself. George noted her struggle as a small part of him thought, “she’ll get used to it soon enough,”. He made a show of ‘uncovering’ his eyes when she was redressed and told him he could then held his hand out to hers. “Let’s get out of here,” he told her. She nodded her head in relief, unaware of what would be in store for her, not just the rest of that night, but for years to come.

