Wet Track Practice

Author: Alex62

*000*2019-10-01 05:26

Arron was in his last year of High School. Not only did he wake up late but he had his first track practice since joining the team. He couldn’t be late he was already an outcast in his school and he got made fun of enough he couldn’t give them something new to tease him about. He quickly went to the bathroom and wet his hair making it look ok and brush his teeth, no time to take a shower though where he would usually pee. As he brushed his teeth he looked at the toilet and decided he will just go later. Back at his room he throw on a pair of boxers and his navy blue PE shorts. As he was putting on his t shirt his mom came to his room saying they had to go or he will be late. Knowing this was true Arron rushes to the kitchen grabbing a Pop Tart and a water bottle to eat on the way. As he got in the car he felt the need to pee but he dismissed it and ate his breakfast and chugged his water. Finishing the water Arron realized just how bad he had to pee. Looking back on it he hadn’t peed since after dinner last night, that was over 12 hours ago! Thinking about that didn’t help at all, just made him have to go more. Not wanting his mom to see him grab himself he crossed his legs hoping his mom wouldn’t catch on. Sitting with his legs crossed seemed to help and not show his need. She didn’t catch on but that didn’t help his need at all. Still with his legs crossed his mom handed him another water bottle saying it would be hot out and she didn’t want him dehydrated.

Just at the sight of the water was enough to make Arron almost loose it. Luckily he was able to hold it in with the except of a few drops. Looking at his shorts he saw no wet patch and he sighed with relief. He arrived a practice just as the coach was starting to give his directions. Arron hopped out of the car and ran up to the group of boys standing around the coach. As he got there he saw his worst enemy standing in the group. He couldn’t wet himself now epically in front of him. Standing there with his leg cross to hold it he tried to listen to the coach but all he could think of was how bad he needed to pee. He did hear that they where suppose to run for how many laps they could so the coach could see. Just then the other boys ran off so Arron followed them running onto the track. Wanting to do his best he ran at a good staring pace but soon slowed down realizing running just made his need worse. Knowing he should stop and use the bathroom he almost stopped after his first lap but he had to show the coach he was good, really good. He kept running and on his 4th lap his was almost the last running besides for another boy he didn’t know.

He had to be the last but the other boy had an advantage and that was he didn’t have to pee. Trying to beat him he went onto his 5th lap but as his pass the others he saw and heard the drinking water. Almost loosing it all there he had to grab himself to hold back, luckily no one saw. Looking at the other boy Arron saw him run off the track leaving him alone. He did it, he was the last! All he had to do now was finish the lap. Just then a wave of desperation hit him. He had to stop and hold himself crossing his legs again. Knowing everyone had to see since he was in the middel of the track he closed his eyes wishing he was somewhere else. He thought he had the saturation under control so he let go and started running again. Big mistake as he felt his bladder give in and the warmth against his skin. He tried to stop it by grabbing himself but no luck the pee just soaked his hands and ran down his legs making a big pee puddle at his feet. All he could do was stand there fully peeing his shorts. Shocked at what was happing all he could think about was how could he wet himself. As he finished he realized where he was and ran to the nurse’s office to get new shorts and underwear since he forgot his change of cloths in the rush. However since this was a high school the didn’t have any spear cloths. So Arron had to call his mom telling her about his accident and that he needed new shorts and undies. 

She agreed quickly to bring him new cloths and he hang up the phone. Embarrassed he sat in the nurse’s office with his legs crossed trying to his his wet shorts. Looking at them he realized just how wet they were. They were soaked so he could only imagine what his boxers looked like. Sitting there waiting for his mom all he could do was think about his accident and how much he peed. He peed for what felt like an hour, how could he pee that much? His mom finally got there bring him clean jeans and boxers kissing him on the head. Embarrassed even more at that Arron walked into the bathroom to change.

*002*2019-10-03 04:35

A friend help edit the story:

Arron was in his last year of High School. Not only did he wake up late, but he had his first track practice since joining the team. He couldn’t be late; he was already an outcast in his school and he got made fun of enough. He couldn’t give them something new to tease him about.

He quickly went to the bathroom and wet his hair, making it look ok, and brushed his teeth. There was no time to take a shower though, which was where he would usually pee. As he brushed his teeth he looked at the toilet and decided he would just go later. Back at his room he threw on a pair of boxers and his navy blue PE shorts.

As he was putting on his t shirt, his mom came to his room, saying they had to go or he would be late. Knowing this was true, Arron rushed to the kitchen, grabbing a Pop Tart and a water bottle to eat on the way. As he got in the car he felt the need to pee but he dismissed it, ate his breakfast, and chugged his water.

Finishing the water, Arron realized just how badly he had to pee. Looking back on it, he hadn’t peed since after dinner last night, that was over 12 hours ago! Thinking about that didn’t help at all, just made him have to go more. Not wanting his mom to see him grab himself, he crossed his legs, hoping his mom wouldn’t catch on. Sitting with his legs crossed seemed to help and not show his need. She didn’t catch on but that didn’t help his need at all. Still with his legs crossed, his mom handed him another water bottle, saying it would be hot out and she didn’t want him dehydrated. Just the sight of the water was enough to make Arron almost loose it. Luckily he was able to hold it in with the exception of a few drops. Looking at his shorts he saw no wet patch and he sighed with relief.

He arrived a practice just as the coach was starting to give his directions. Arron hopped out of the car and ran up to the group of boys standing around the coach. As he got there, he saw his worst enemy standing in the group. He couldn’t wet himself now, especially in front of him. Standing there with his leg crossed to hold it, he tried to listen to the coach, but all he could think of was how badly he needed to pee. He did hear that they were suppose to run for as many laps as they could so the coach could see.

Just then the other boys ran off, so Arron followed them, running onto the track. Wanting to do his best, he ran at a good starting pace, but soon slowed down, realizing running just made his need worse. Knowing he should stop and use the bathroom, he almost stopped after his first lap, but he had to show the coach he was good, really good. He kept running and on his 4th lap he was almost the last one running, aside from another boy he didn’t know. He had to be the last but the other boy had an advantage and that was he didn’t have to pee.

Trying to beat him, he went onto his 5th lap but as he passed the others, he saw and heard them drinking water. Almost losing it all there, he had to grab himself to hold back; luckily no one saw. Looking at the other boy, Arron saw him run off the track, leaving him alone. He did it, he was the last! All he had to do now was finish the lap.

Just then a wave of desperation hit him. He had to stop and hold himself, crossing his legs again. Knowing everyone had to see, since he was in the middle of the track, he closed his eyes, wishing he was somewhere else. He thought he had the saturation under control so he let go and started running again. Big mistake, as he felt his bladder give in and the warmth against his skin. He tried to stop it by grabbing himself, but no luck. The pee just soaked his hands and ran down his legs, making a big pee puddle at his feet. All he could do was stand there fully peeing his shorts. Shocked at what was happening, all he could think about was how could he wet himself.

As he finished, he realized where he was and ran to the nurse’s office to get new shorts and underwear since he had forgotten his change of clothes in the rush of the morning. However, since this was a high school, thet didn’t have any spare clothes. So Arron had to call his mom to tell her about his accident and that he needed new shorts and undies. She agreed quickly to bring him new clothes and he hung up the phone.

He sat, embarrassed, in the nurse’s office with his legs crossed, trying to hide his wet shorts. Looking at them, he realized just how wet they were. They were soaked so he could only imagine what his boxers looked like. Sitting there waiting for his mom, all he could do was think about his accident and how much he peed. He peed for what felt like an hour, how could he pee that much?

His mom finally got there bringing him clean jeans and boxers and kissing him on the head.Even more embarrassed at that, Arron walked into the bathroom to change.

