My new Roommate

Author: AlmostWet

*000*2020-10-19 18:56

This first chapter is mostly an introduction. So please bare with me while I set up the story. And as always suggestions are always welcome. If you have any ideas you would like included in the story fell free to throw them out there. No promises I will use them but knowing what the readers like and want always helps.

After three hours on the road I pulled into the drive way of my moms house to pick up Sara, my new room mate. Mom had called me and arranged for for Sara to stay with me while she attended college. She was the neighbor girl I used to babysit but now she was done with High School school and ready to move up to a university in the big city.

Mom meet me at the door with a big squeezy hug. She got a worried look on her face when her hug made me cringe. I told her that she could relax. "nothing is wrong, it's just been a long trip and I really needed to use the bathroom". I tried to pull away but she didn't let go. "Please, your squeezing me like that is making it even worse. If you keep it up I might not be able to hold it".

She laughed. "I am your mother and I haven't seen you in a long time. I am going to give my little boy a hug before I let him get away. So just relax, you still have an extra set of clothes here and the worst thing that can happen is you have to change into them. Trust me, it's not that big of a deal. After having a couple of kids I know all about it".

"Really? That's interesting. I never once thought about my mother pissing her pants. I'm going to have to start closer paying attention".

"You don't really want to watch your old mom not to make it to the toilet in time do you".

"Well, like I said it would be interesting. Since it looks like you are going to make me wet my pants you need to remember pay back is a bitch. The longer you hold me here the longer I will hold you back when your about to have an accident".

She playfully punched my shoulder. "You wouldn't dare do that to you loving mommy. But the more often you visit me the better chance of you being here when... I mean... if I get caught short. And who knows, if that is what it takes to motivate you to come see me more often I might start being to busy to go to the bathroom right away while you are visiting. And if I'm busy for to long, and I'm sure you will try to arrange that, I might end up having to do a little extra laundry. But that is a small price to pay to see my little boy more often".

She held me for a few more seconds while I did a the pee pee dance. Then said "as cute as you are squirming around like that and as you said as interesting as it would be to watch you have an accident.... I better let you go before you really do wet your pants. She whispered in my ear "If I didn't know better I would think you are enjoying being delayed by my hug while you are struggling not to have an accident. In fact if you drive straight through so you show up really needing the bathroom next time I will know for sure and my hug will last longer. Then we will see what happens and how much you really do like it." As she let me go she gently swatted me on the butt and pushed me towards the bathroom.

"Mom, cut that out, I'm not a little boy any more. I just didn't want to loose time by stopping." I said over my shoulder as I ran for the bathroom.

"You will always be my little boy no matter how old you are. Now get. It would be really embarrassing if you had an accident because you were arguing instead of using the toilet. I will fix us some sandwiches and after lunch you can go pick up your new roomie".

I made it in time, but just barely. Thank god, I thought for sure I was going to loose control before she let go of me. While she was hugging me I felt the first few drops making their way down my dick and leaking out of the end making me start to get hard. That's strange. I wonder why I was getting hard? Oh god, I hope she didn't notice. Luckily my underwear only had a small wet spot. My jeans had nothing visible on them. I swear I peed for a full 2 minutes. Relief never felt so amazing. I washed up and headed for the kitchen.

When I got there she was standing at the table making sandwiches. Her legs were crossed and she was mumbling "I know I told him if he came more often I would set it up so he was here when I get caught short but I didn't think it would happen today." I walked up to her and and said "what's up"

Her cheeks blushed. She paused for a few seconds like she was thinking about something, then said "It's about time you got finished. You weren't the only one that needed to use the bathroom when you got here. Should I go before we sit down and eat? She paused for a few seconds while looking me in the eye and shifting her weight from one leg to the other. I better go first. I think I'd end up wet before we finish eating. And that won't be happening today. The sooner you come back and visit the more motivated I will be to put it off while you are here."

"I am getting the urge to give you a hug" I said as I put my hands on her shoulders.

"Oh no you don't, maybe next time." She slipped away and did the quick waddle step to the bathroom.

I laughed. "But you are so cute squirming around like that and it would be interesting to watch you try not to have an accident."

When she got back we caught up on all the family news while we ate lunch. Once we were done she walked me to the door and gave me another hug. "I think your going to find having Sara as your roommate interesting. Did you realize she still puts off using the bathroom to the very last minute if she is busy or doing something interesting and according to her mom sometimes for no apparent reason. Most people out grow that habit, but not her. It drives her mom crazy, but I bet you won't mind at all. Now get over there and pick her up so you can get her to her new home."

As I headed out the door she whispered into my ear "remember, come back and visit me real soon. Don't forget your next visit will be a little test to see if you stop and go potty on the way or if you drive straight through and show up in needing to run to the bathroom right away."

*002*2021-02-17 16:24

Hi all, sorry it has been so long. I managed to git the OMG bug (covid) and it has taken a while to get back on my feet.

I knocked on Sara's door and her mom answered. "You haven't changed a bit, still beautiful as always."

"And you are still just as much as a flirt as you ever were. Sara is in her room packing her things. Did you know she used to have the biggest crush on you. She has been bouncing with excitement to the point she has almost been nervous wreck the past few days. Please be gentle with her. I don't think she ever out grew her little school girl crush."

"That is ok, she may not be little anymore but she is still a school girl even if it is college. But seriously, you don't need worry. I will treat her like she is my kid sister."

"I know you will. That's why I ask your mom to arrange for her to stay with you. I know you will treat her right and keep her out of trouble. Remember when she was busy she used to put off using the bathroom till ended up wetting her pants. Well she still puts it off to the very last minute. I broke her of just wetting herself instead of using the toilet but she still puts it off way to long. Do me a favor and encourage her to go when she needs to. Maybe she will listen to you better than me. And make sure she goes to the bathroom before you leave to avoid the chance of your car seat getting wet."

"Don't worry, you can relax and enjoy some 'me time'. I will look after her for the next few years."

I walked down the hall to her bedroom. The door was open, I was just about to knock when I saw her. She was facing away from me, packing her bags. What caught my eye right away was that her legs were crossed and she was pee pee dancing. She was talking to herself "He better get here soon. If he takes much longer I'm going to have to use the bathroom so I don't accidentally go potty in my pants before we leave. That would take all the fun out of the trip and make it so boring."

I said "hi, long time no see"

She jumped, stopped dancing and pulled her legs apart and stood up pretending that she was just fine. As she was turning around she snapped "I'm fine, I don't need to go." When she saw it was me "oops, sorry I thought you were my mom. She is constantly trying to get me to run to the bathroom every 20 minutes no matter how busy I am. Even though I need to go a little bit I know I can wait until later."

"Your mother is in the other room and she can't see you and if I shut the door she won't be able to here what we say. One thing I want to make clear straight off. I will never pester you about using the toilet or get mad at you for not going to the bathroom when you need to. Even if it causes you to have an accident in your pants. You are old enough to choose when , where and even if you use the toilet. With that said I did promise your mom I would make sure you used the bathroom before we left. So lets keep us both out of trouble by making her think you did.

I suggest while I load your bags into the car you go into the bathroom, just stand there a couple of minutes then flush the toilet and wash your hands. Now of course you can actually go pee if you really want to, but before you make your decision be aware that I plan on taking the back roads and there are not many places we can stop to go potty so the next opportunity to use a toilet will be at least an hour and a half from now. Even so, from what I just saw and heard I'm betting that even though you have to go bad enough you are pee pee dancing you still won't go before we leave even if it means you are taking a real chance of not making it to a toilet in time. Will you?"

She blushed, gave me a cute little smile and crossed her legs in an exaggerated way. "I'm just fine, I don't need to go right now. I can wait until later... Probably."

