The Dreadful Diva of Heathrow

Author: Alexis917

*000*2025-02-16 06:39

Title: The Dreadful Diva of Heathrow

Character Name: Daphne "Daffy" Rose McClatcher

The stench was the first sign. It drifted through the air like an unpleasant ghost, making my eyes water. I looked up from my register, trying to focus on the line of passengers, only to spot her. Daphne "Daffy" Rose McClatcher, the woman no one had ever asked for, yet somehow was everywhere. She tottered into the queue, clad in what could only be described as a horrifying fusion of rainbow-coloured stilettos—each one a wobbly tower of doom—and a creased, fake Louis Vuitton bag that had seen better days. Her appearance was, frankly, a crime against aesthetics. Her skin, orange from an overzealous tanning bed, clung to her bones like a badly stapled rag. And then there were her teeth—yellowish-brown, jagged, and gleaming like they had been filed from the remains of a cheap plastic comb.

I barely had time to register all of this before the noise began.

"Oi! OI! You wouldn’t BELIEVE who I was with last week!" she screeched, her voice shrill enough to cut through steel. "Tony Blair, the real one, not the fake one! And I tell ya, he's no gentleman. The man squirted champagne all over my brand-new blouse!"

She cackled, yellow-brown spit flying everywhere like confetti at a carnival. A few passengers exchanged uncomfortable glances, but no one dared to speak up. She was loud. She was relentless. And her stories? Utterly nonsensical.

"You wanna hear the latest? Well, I was romancin’ a Zulu king, right?" she continued, oblivious to the disgust radiating from the poor souls nearby. "A real proper king, too! And he’s got these magic little tokoloshes—pet demons, like—but they’re used to bite people’s toes! His toes—not mine, mind you!" She snorted with laughter, spraying more spit over the counter, much to the horror of a couple trying to check in behind her.

As if the spitting wasn’t enough, she then raised the stakes.

"I was an exotic stripper on the Titanic!" she shrieked, clearly taking herself far too seriously. "I saw it all, right? I saw that big ol’ sea serpent—real ugly thing, all claws and scales, bitin’ Captain Smith right on the bum! Course, it didn’t help that vicious sea rodents were nibbling away at the ship—y'know, they were gnawin’ holes in the hull like little bloody termites!"

The passengers around her were visibly gagging now, some even fleeing the queue entirely, leaving their bags behind in a hasty exit. But Daphne? Oh, Daphne was just warming up.

"I tell ya, I was so strong, I swam from the crash site to New York City—no joke—in just a couple hours! Had a massive great white shark pullin’ me along, and I broke the iceberg apart with my own meat tenderizer! The captain was too busy with his sea serpent problems to see me, but I SAVED the ship! I did!" She grinned, her teeth on full display like a child’s nightmare of Halloween.

And then it happened.

The fart.

It was like the sound of a foghorn going off in a tunnel. A wet, bubbling blast that echoed through the entire terminal, silencing everything for just a moment—except for Daphne’s ear-splitting cackle.

"Blimey, didn’t think that was in the air tonight!" she howled, cranking up her already unbearable volume as her dancing began. To anyone watching, it was like witnessing the death of grace itself. She began to sway and jiggle, performing some kind of horrific, half-hearted rendition of “jive,” her rainbow stilettos clacking against the floor like a malfunctioning marionette.

She giggled louder, screeching, "C'mon now, join in! It’s a party, innit?"

She tried to grab a poor, horrified teenager by the belt, her rancid breath wafting like the stink of a garbage heap right in his face. The boy froze, his eyes wide with terror, as she slapped his backside, her hands sticky with what I can only imagine was more than sweat. She yanked him around like a ragdoll, desperately trying to force him into some twisted dance of humiliation.

It was too much. The poor boy, trembling in fear, completely lost control. A hideous, violent splash rang out as he urinated and defecated in his pants, his body slamming into the floor as he slipped in his own puddle of terror. He gagged, ran, and threw up as he fled in pure panic, his shrieks echoing behind him.

"JIVE WITH ME!" Daphne bellowed, her voice now a feral screech. "You think you’re better than me, eh? You think you’re too good to dance? Well, screw you, mate!"

But that wasn’t enough for her. No, no. As the crowd retreated, desperate to escape the stench and nightmare she’d unleashed, Daphne set her sights on something more valuable than human dignity.

A handbag.

She reached across the counter, pawing through someone's purse with the subtlety of a bull in a china shop. I was too stunned to move, my mind trying to process the unhinged chaos unfolding before me.

It didn’t take long for security to intervene. But even as they approached, her laugh was shrill and victorious. "I’m above the law, you know! I was an exotic stripper on the Titanic!" she hollered, her voice rising above all else.

Handcuffs clicked around her wrists, but that didn’t stop her from sputtering insults and lies. She spat at the officers, her aim true despite her disorienting dance moves, and they responded with a taser.

The shock sent her convulsing to the ground with an awful, banshee-like screech. The moment she hit the floor, her bladder gave out, releasing a massive yellow puddle onto the tile—her legacy now cemented in both chaos and foul liquid.

The terminal smelled like a dumpster fire and disaster. As Daphne was dragged away, her screams of delusion echoing through the terminal, I couldn’t help but wonder if this was some kind of karmic punishment.

And I? Well, I was left staring at the wreckage of humanity that had just passed through the terminal. As the stench lingered and the passengers slowly trickled away, all I could think was: Never again.

Never again.

