A Weekend Apart

Author: Alex62

*000*2020-08-10 23:53

A Weekend Apart

Jadian was laying on his bed with his earphones in listening to music while sipping a soda. He was waiting for a FaceTime call from Nico. Nico and his family left for vacation the day after their first date. While It was hard for Jadian for them to be apart already he took comfort in the fact he was wearing Nico’s light blue briefs. In fact, he hasn't taken them off since last night when Nico gave him them after his accident.

He closed his eyes at the thought of his accident. How could I have been so dumd he thought I just wanted to show off to my boyfriend that definitely isn't worth an accident and it definitely didn't show off anything. He felt tears form in his eyes as he heard his phone buzz, his heart speed up as he thought it was Nico but it was a text from his mom ”Hey, I'm going to the store. Need anything?” Jadian thought for a second then said ”Just new underwear, white Calvin Klein briefs” his mom responded ”Okay, will get. Love you” but was confused why her son now wanted briefs and not trunks. Jadian smiled as he read that and took another sip of his soda.

Jadian decided to scroll though Facebook while waiting for Nico to call. Jadian changed positions on his bed as he felt a tingle in his bladder and was about to get up and go to the bathroom but right then Nico FaceTime him so he ignored his bladder and answered it. “Hey cutie” Jadian said as he answered it and went to sit on a comfy leather gaming chair in his room.

Nico smiled and blushed when he saw his boyfriend and heard him call him cutie. “Hey, what’s up Hottie”, Jadian smiles as his boyfriend talked “Just sitting here in my leather gaming chair talking to you. What's you up to?” Nico responded ”Nothing much, just got ready for bed and now I'm just laying in bed.” ”Guess what I’m wearing”Jadian asked Nico with a smile. Nico said “what” and smiled and Jadian then showed Nico he was in only his light blue briefs and a black t shirt. “That’s so hot but is that a dry pee stain?” Jadian said “yes, you know I have trouble sometimes” Nico sighed “I know and it’s fine, it happens to the best of us”.

Jadian changed the FaceTime screen back to his face and crossed his legs and since he was a little cold in just Nico’s briefs he put a blanket over him. “It does but I do it a lot” Nico frowned when he heard Jadian say that, “yes you do, but that’s what makes you you”, Jadian smiles when he heard this “I guess your right Neeks”. Nico smiled at Jadian ”of course I'm right”.

Jadian felt another tingle in his bladder but since he was on the phone with Nico he didn't want to interrupt it for something like this, epically since it wasn't urgent yet. Plus Jadian was getting hard since he was staring at Nico’s shirtless body since Nico was in only PJ bottoms and briefs, and he knew it was almost impossible to pee hard.

So they kept talking. They talked about there day and what they did. Nico told Jadian all about his vacation and about the hotel suite his family was staying at. Nico then told Jadian about his and his family plans for the next few days and ended it with saying wish you were here with me to Jadian.

Jadian’s bladder now was sending him frequent signals it needed to be empty, but since Nico was still on the phone Jadian ignored them and just crossed his leg tighter. Jadian didn’t want to do to much to hold it in fear Nico might find out and tell him to go.

That’s when Jadian felt a leak wet his light blue briefs, he didn’t know what gave it away but Nico seemed to know exactly what happened. “Jadian, did you just leak”? Jadian turned bright red as he heard Nico ask this, “leak? What you mean?”. Nico sighed again, “hey baby it’s okay if you did, just please tell me”. Jadian thought about telling Nico but finally decided against it. ”I'm not sure what you mean Neeks”. Nico just rolled his eyes, ”Jadian can you show me your briefs again please”?

Jadian panicked knowing the wet spot may show but was relieved it didn't show when his legs were crossed. So he turned the camera to his briefs and crossed legs and removed the blanket so Nico could see them.

Nico study them and saw they were dry but do to Jadian’s legs bring crossed he couldn't completely tell. ”Can you uncross your legs baby”? Jadian panicked at first but then remembered Nico said it was okay and plus saw him have plenty of accidents already, what would a small leak do? So he uncrossed his legs revealing the wet spot. But uncrossing his legs caused another leak and then another. Jadian turned red again and grabbed his crotch, knowing Nico already saw it happen so no point in hiding it now. But it was to late, Jadian was peeing himself sitting in his leather gaming chair, and having yet another accident in front of Nico.

Nico watched as his boyfriend peed his old light blue briefs. Pee flooded out of him with a loud “hiss” and soaked his light blue briefs turning the fabric almost dark blue. Pee pooled under him in his leather gaming chair and when it had enough, pee dripped on the carpet below.

Jadian couldn’t believe it, he had just wet his pants in front of his boyfriend again. He felt as pee pooled under him wetting his butt then heard as it dripped to the carpet below, wetting his feet. All while watching his briefs get soaked with pee.

Jadian felt tears form in his eyes as he peed and when he finally finished begin to cry. ”Don’t cry, it happens to us all” Nico said trying to comfort his boyfriend. Jadian nodded but couldn't help but to keep crying. Nico kept comforting Jadian and eventually he was able to stop crying.

Jadian wiped his eyes and that's when he heard a knock at his door. It was his mom, ”Jadian I got what you asked for, I'm coming in”. Jadian quickly crosses his legs tightly and threw the blanket back over him to hide his accident from his mom.

His mom opened his door and walked in right as the blanket settled on Jadian. ”How are you Mrs. Balliol?” Jadian’s mom threw the bag of two six packs of white Calvin Klein briefs onto Jadian’s bed, “Oh is that you Nico? I didn’t realize you were on the phone, I’ll leave you two alone to talk about basketball or whatever” she said with a laugh. She went to walk away but that’s when she smelt it, the stench of urine. She stopped in her tracks and took in another sniff just to be sure.

Jadian’s heart fell as he knew what his mom smelt. She turned around and marched up to Jadian and ripped the blanket off him. She couldn’t believe it her teenage son had just wet himself sitting in his room on the phone with a friend, and while only in briefs.

After a while she woke up from staring at Jadian’s soaked briefs and walked over to his bed. She got out a pack of briefs and opened them, “Jadian end the call and take a shower” she said as she handed him a clean pair of briefs.

Jadian said goodbye to Nico and did as he was told. When he went to get up his mom asked “Why do you wear briefs all a sudden”? Jadian turned red “Well after that one basketball game, Nico gave me a extra pair he had to change into and I liked them so why not”. Jadian’s mom took this in with a smile “Nico must be a great friend”. Jadian turned even reder at hearing this, “Well, about that mom, Nico is not only my friend, he is my... um boyfriend” Jadian said that while kinda shaking with nerves. Jadian’s mom turned to him and hugged him “I figured that but I didn’t want to assume so I didn’t say anything, but it’s okay and makes a lot more sense” she said as she squeezed him “Now go take a shower and clean up from your accident”.

*003*2020-08-11 16:32

{{2 hours ago, RandomWetName said:

Nice story. Nico asked his boyfriend to uncross his legs while he knew his boyfriend often has accidents and he even suspected that he leaked. It’s like Nico wanted Jadian to wet himself

}}

Maybe he did

