Chib: Scraps - Page 2

Author: Astraptera

*000*2025-10-31 04:21

Part 124

Part 12

"I was supposed to be on the island for two weeks, and in the hotel for two more to catalogue our finds," said Rabb, sitting on the couch next to Saoirse. Avaris had joined them: Rabb had gone from having two distractingly horny guests to one when Yarrow left, and back to two until Cyan had left. Now the beautiful, curvy, green-haired girl asleep on her couch was hornier than Cyan and Yarrow had been together. It wasn't her fault, though, Rabb conceded, and opened the nearest window. Landing reflexes could do that.

"And how often do they update the images?" asked Saoirse. She seemed to be enjoying how amorous Avaris smelled, but didn't say anything.

"I'll ask Millie when she gets here," said Rabb. The movie played behind them. Avaris stirred, stretched, and settled back. "Think the um...pee towel has been on her leg long enough?"

"Is it bothering you?" asked Saoirse. Rabb answered by thumping her long tail against the arm of the couch. "I could wake her and walk her home."

Rabb glanced at Avaris sympathetically. "No, she can stay until Pia gets here. I know she can't help it."

On the couch, Avaris braced, lifted one leg stiffly, and peed.

Cyan straddled Yarrow on the bed. Yarrow was smaller than Cyan, not counting his wings, and between Cyan's thighs, he felt small and slender compared to Cyan. Cyan's urethra quivered, and when Yarrow lifted Cyan's skirt, the underwear was damp, clinging to Cyan's swollen groin beneath. Yarrow reached up and stroked the bulge lightly with his fingertips. Cyan squirmed, moaned, and leaked through their underwear.

"Y-yarrow, I'll soil my-" Cyan gasped. Yarrow stroked again, drawing out a longer leak that streamed down his front through their underwear. The pressure in Cyan's bladder decreased, and their body burned to let go fully.

"I'll wash them with the bedding and my clothes," said Yarrow smoothly. He'd taken off his Foxfire Festival shirt and two outer layers of pants, leaving him in his t-shirt, sweaty tank top, and pajama pants. "Here, let's take off your other clothes."

Yarrow helped Cyan pull the skirt up first, over their shirt, and the shirt came off after. Cyan had another large leak when they stretched upward to remove their shirt.

"I'm sorry, I didn't think it would be this quick," said Cyan. After letting out some urine into a hand towel for Avi, they'd chugged a full mug of water.

"You can finish in the bathroom or on the deck if you like," Rabb had said pointedly as Avi lowered the towel onto her scar. Avi covered the wet towel with a strip of plastic wrap before lowering her skirt over it.

"I will if I can't hold it, but I'm saving it for Y-" Cyan stopped. It was difficult to grasp their thoughts while they dribbled into their underwear. "I um...I mean..." Avi blushed, and Rabb looked embarrassed, but Saoirse crunched potato sticks, unfazed.

After a long, awkward moment, Avi patted Cyan's leg in understanding, and Cyan sat across from her. Five minutes later, Cyan had to get up and leave to keep from wetting themself.

Straddling Yarrow, Cyan grunted, shaking, and tried to clench up. Instead, they gushed through their underwear again.

"Cy, it's alright," said Yarrow, hooking Cyan's underwear with his thumbs and pulling the waistband down. Instead of telling Cyan to let go, Yarrow looked up at Cyan and aimed their half-hard cock at his chest. Cyan closed their eyes and consciously relaxed. They started with their feet - sitting with knees bent made it more difficult, but once Cyan's thighs relaxed, they could manage a reluctant flow. They could hear Yarrow moving and tried to relax faster so they could watch. The next part of the relaxation exercise was the hips, and as the tension left their stomach, their flow strengthened, relieving the pressure. Cyan's first reaction was to stifle a moan, but they knew Yarrow would like it, so they didn't. Yarrow jerked and made small noises beneath Cyan's thighs.

Cyan refocused and relaxed their neck and shoulders. *Next, your neck and shoulders, then your wings.*

"My what?" Cyan asked, opening their eyes.

"What?" Yarrow asked breathlessly. He was masturbating, aiming Cyan's stream directly at the tip of his dick, most of which Cyan couldn't see under Yarrow's blurring hand. His body jerked, and his wings thumped on the bed behind him.

"Here." Cyan gently shifted Yarrow's hand. Yarrow looked up at them, not pausing the hand between his legs, and looked both hurt and oddly guilty. "I'll aim. You keep going." Yarrow nodded breathlessly and braced his hand on Cyan's knee.

When Cyan finished, they took a deep breath and stretched, feeling pleasantly emptied. They'd consumed a lot of water while watching movies with Rabb and Saoirse for Yarrow.

"Cy?" Yarrow's body jerked hard under Cyan's thighs. Cyan glanced down. "Can you push me down on the bed? As hard and fast as you can?"

Cyan was under strict instructions not to strain themself, but tried their best: they placed a hand in the middle of Yarrow's chest, and pushed. Cyan could feel Yarrow moving with the push, and his wings curled in to avoid hitting anything.

Yarrow hit the bed under Cyan with a loud moan. Cyan let some of their body weight press down on Yarrow's chest, and he bucked, crying out. His wings flapped, lifting both of them easily for a moment, and Yarrow fell back, gasping. Cyan sat up and found their legs, underwear, and lower body spattered with ejaculate.

Yarrow snorted, "Hey Cy, knock knock."

Cyan snapped to attention and glanced toward the open bedroom door. "Did...is someone here?" Cyan asked slowly.

"You're supposed to say, 'Who's there?'" gasped Yarrow. "It's a knock-knock joke."

Something about that rang a bell. Possibly a doorbell, Cyan thought. "Who's there?" asked Cyan, trying to dig around in their brain for more context. Cyan knew that they knew this. They thought.

"Orange," puffed Yarrow.

"Orange..." Cyan paused. "Why an orange?"

"It's, 'Orange who?'" Yarrow corrected.

Cyan nodded seriously. "Orange who?"

"Orange you glad you took off your skirt?" Yarrow wheezed. Cyan was glad they'd removed their clothes, of course.

"...Oh!" Cyan laughed. "It's supposed to sound like, 'Aren't you glad you took off your skirt!'"

Yarrow sighed, snorted, and hugged Cyan around the waist. Yarrow's heart was still racing, and Cyan felt his pulse and hot breath on their groin. It was more comforting than anything, and Cyan returned the embrace, sitting back on their knees. They sat like that for a while. Yarrow closed his eyes at some point, and Cyan let him lean on them until their legs started cramping from sitting on their knees.

"Yarrow, are you asleep?" Cyan asked. Something had occurred to them, and the implications seemed urgent in Cyan's mind.

"I'm awake," Yarrow replied sleepily. "It's probably not comfortable sitting like that." He scooted back, letting Cyan sit and stretch their legs. "You're not...amorous?" Yarrow almost looked hurt. Cyan looked down: their dick was somewhat swollen, but they'd shrunk noticeably since relieving themself.

Cyan blushed. "Give me a few hours. You've been taking good care of me lately," Cyan had to stop: those words were from a memory. Cyan meant them, but they were from someone else. Cyan shook themself out of it, returning to the moment and their burning question. Yarrow began raising himself into a kneeling position. He gripped his small cock, still red and engorged after coming, and pulled it up, pointing the urethra underneath toward Cyan.

Yarrow opened his mouth to say something, and Cyan interjected: "Before you do that, do you have any laundry soap?"

Yarrow blinked. "I...yes. Yes, there are detergent samples. Miss Aalis showed me that it was a pack of five." Yarrow grunted and unleashed a bright yellow spray, which he used to rinse his fluids off Cyan. There was just enough to clean Cyan before Yarrow stopped. Both of them wanted to fall asleep, but the bedding needed washing right away. The two gathered up the blankets and rushed them next door to the bathroom, after which they had a lukewarm shower while the bedding washed.

"Did they leave you anything else?" Cyan yawned on the way up the stairs to Yarrow's master bedroom. Neither of them had bothered to get dressed. Yarrow had opened some of the windows, and the summer heat felt good on Cyan's bare skin.

Yarrow yawned in turn and responded as though reading from a list, "Sheets, blankets, pillows, window covers, toilet paper, hand soap, and a tea kit."

"I didn't see a tea kit," said Cyan, glancing around Yarrow's room. It contained a bed larger than the one in Avaris's Limpet, and the two made for it.

"It's in the kitchenette." Yarrow reached the bed first and tossed himself onto it. "It's a Grisderm custom. I wasn't-" Yarrow yawned. "I wasn't expecting it. I'll show you when we get up."

"Sounds good," said Cyan. They got into bed with Yarrow and both promptly crashed and slept for the next two hours.

Eryth hastily threw a towel over a basket when she heard Nis approaching, but relaxed when she saw that it was them. She was Tulip's younger sister by four years and was both taller and slimmer than her brother. Eri shared a sibling resemblance with Tulip, though she tended to look more like their father, Sativus, while Tulip looked more like their mother. The siblings shared almost identical sets of wings, though, and were occasionally mistaken for twins despite the height and age difference.

"Nyssa," Eri sighed, visibly relieved. "Or is it Nis?"

Nis smiled. "Nis today. Thanks. How was work?"

Eri smiled back, paused, and grimaced. "Are you sure you want to know?" She busily began filling the washer, throwing in the towel she'd covered the basket with. Nis caught a glimpse of a shiny helmet before Eri whisked the basket away to the linen cupboard.

"Is it a long story?" asked Nis. "Because I'm dying for a nap. If yes, no thanks. If not, hit me."

Eri smirked. "No. And I walked in on my employers." Nis handed Eri her flight suit. "Oh, you fixed the zipper! Thanks!"

"You're welcome. How did you walk in on your employers?!"

"It was my fault," Eri sniffed. "They're catering something this weekend, and someone needed to take some of the food to their home freezer before it thawed. I didn't knock, and I got uh...I slipped on the way out. In bodily fluids. So they let me go home early." She shuffled her wings. "They're still paying me for the full day, though."

Nis greeted Tulip on the way to the basement. He was on the phone with his dad, who was ordering takeout from a Renoige restaurant. Tulip took Nis's order and continued up the stairs to ask his mother and sister. Meanwhile, Nis reached his room and sprawled out on the bed. He knew he was asleep before he opened his eyes on a crumbling lakeside dock.

"Shit," Nis grumbled. His voice echoed off the water. He knew where he was in one sense, but didn't in another. The dock was sunny and bright, shining off the dusty windows of an abandoned office building. It should have been a peaceful scene, but it wasn't. There was an underlying urgency, and Nis recognized the looming buildings with a chill in the pit of his stomach. Further up the lake, the blown-out remains of a tower slouched on the water, plants taking over the patchily reinforced platform and cracked remains of the walls.

On the lake, something drifted into sight. Since this was a dream, the brightness wasn't overpowering, and Nis squinted at a brown-winged Andyne woman with mint green hair and pointed ears, paddling frantically for the closest section of dock. The woman wore a beautiful but impractical poofy red dress and stared myopically at her destination, glaring as though it had done her some great wrong. Nis crossed the dock to meet her.

__________________________________________________

Guess who has mismatched feet and almost forgot what day it is! You don't have to guess. It's me.

*002*2025-11-04 18:55

{{10 hours ago, Orange Clippy said:

I'm sure some people on this site might consider this a nice bonus.

}}

Hehe I'm writing a flashback to the part right now actually. 😛

*003*2025-11-14 09:49

Part 125

Part 13

Avaris paddled hard toward the dock, knowing exactly where to step, and told herself firmly that she could do this. She knew she was dreaming, and the paddling wasn't strenuous. The dock slid into view, and she stood up, ignoring all of the careful rules she'd taught herself to exit the boat. She raised her foot, tripped, and a hand caught her forearm. Avaris looked up into a pair of lilac eyes, and a figure with mismatched wings pulled her up and steadied her on the uneven pavement.

The dream fluttered around her. She'd avoided scraping her knee on that corner, but she was going to pee anyway. She could feel it coming. "Nis?"

"Avaris," said Nis, bowing. Avaris blushed. The dream wavered, and Nis squeezed her hand, stabilizing it. A leak forced its way out of Avaris, splashing on the pavement. "You look lovely in that dress. Do you need to wake up?" Nis asked, eyeing her wings. In the dream, Avaris wasn't missing any feathers.

"I'm wearing protection," Avaris paused and consciously let go. Her body shivered while the warmth flooded around her vulva. She leaned on Nis and felt Nis helping her stay in the dream, slowing the fading rather than stopping it.

"Are you somewhere safe?" Nis asked.

Avaris yawned, nodding. "I'm at a friend's. I can't wait to get home, sleep twelve hours, and masturbate." Nis's face reddened and the dream dissolved.

Avaris sat up on the couch, unleashing a big, loud gush into her protective. Something was different, but Avaris had bigger problems: Rabb and Saoirse stared at her, Rabb with concern and mild alarm, and Saoirse with frank interest. The plucked stump from Avaris's flight feather throbbed painfully, and she got up, wincing.

Saoirse volunteered to walk Avaris to her ship, and Pia joined them on the way, carrying her leftovers from lunch. Saoirse had offered to carry Avaris's things, but Avaris took them and her food from Hyachna's Shins, looking forward to eating it.

"Did May give you a shot of that...glucose stuff or whatever?" asked Saoirse.

"No," said Avaris. The three approached the Limpet, and Avaris unlocked the door. "I thought I'd come home and do nothing but sleep and..." Avaris stopped herself, but Saoirse gave her a knowing look. "Well, you know. I feel good, though." She set down her things and changed the subject. "Pia, do you think May would let me use the runabout?"

Nis opened his eyes, lying on a tangle of blankets. He felt the hot throb before looking down and seeing that he was pitching a tent in his pants. His pussy was wet too, but at least he didn't have to worry about hiding that at dinner, he thought dourly. Tulip's family ate together as a rule, and while Nis didn't mind it, it was only acceptable to skip dinner and eat later if you were ill or out late. Nis had neither the time nor the inclination to take care of the insistent throbbing, and Tulip's dad would be back at any time.

"Fuck, I wanted to relax, not...Ugh. This." Nis sat up in frustration to look at the clock and heard a knock at his door. "Fuck," he repeated under his breath.

"Nis? Time for food!" said Tulip's voice. Nis called back an affirmative and squeezed into a tight pair of underwear. None of Nis's pants quite hid his swollen crotch, so he brought out his skirts and chose a somewhat poofy red one. It made him think of Avaris, though the skirt was a deeper red that looked better with his skin tone. The next time Tulip knocked, Nis opened the door.

Tulip asked about the skirt while they went upstairs, and Nis didn't lie to him, but they agreed to tell Tulip's parents or sister that it was a laundry issue.

"Your butt looks great in that skirt, though." Tulip's voice echoed in the stairway leading up to the main floor. Nis knew Tulip meant it, and part of Nis was disappointed that the compliment wasn't sexual. Nis pushed that back in his mind as they approached the kitchen.

Yarrow jerked awake to a knock at the door. Cyan only snored when Yarrow nudged them, so Yarrow gently extricated himself from Cyan's arms and stood up when whoever was knocking discovered the door chime. Yarrow glanced at Cyan while he frantically searched for clothes, but Cyan only flopped over and stretched, seeming to search Yarrow's empty spot with their arm.

The doorbell rang again, and Yarrow realized that all of his clothes were downstairs, either in his backpack in the living room chair or slung over the desk chair in Cyan's room. All of his curtains and blinds were open, which wasn't a problem given where he parked, except for the windows by the door, looking inward on the living room, which Yarrow would have to either enter or cross to retrieve his clothes. The knocking started again, faster, and Yarrow suddenly felt pulled between anger and panic. What if it was Miss May, here to tell him that he'd filed the paperwork wrong? Maybe he needed to organize them alphabetically, rather than chronologically? Yarrow padded down the stairs, lightheaded.

Yarrow peeked into the living room, telling himself desperately that whoever was at the door, they probably weren't looking through the windows. There was a window in the front door, and in it was a familiar face. Two larger windows flanked the front door, but all Yarrow could see through them was a brown wing.

"Yarrow!" said the face. It was Saoirse, and she knocked more insistently when she saw him. Yarrow backed up and felt his wing bump into something. "He's up!" Saoirse announced. Yarrow turned and saw that he'd bumped into Cyan, who stood there in Yarrow’s towel, yawning. While Yarrow stared at them, they removed the towel and deftly tied it around Yarrow's waist. Cyan's dick was hard, but they didn't seem to notice or care.

Saoirse called out again, "Yarrow! Let us in! We have perishables that need to be refrigerated!" Yarrow gulped and exchanged a glance with Cyan. It was difficult for Yarrow not to look down, especially when the gently pulsating hardness brushed his hip as Cyan squeezed by.

"I'll get our clothes," Cyan whispered, covered their genitals with their cupped hands, and calmly walked to their bedroom, nodding to Saoirse when she greeted them through the window. They grabbed the clothes from their bedroom and brought them into the bathroom. Numbly, Yarrow stepped forward and crossed to the door. Saoirse stepped back when Yarrow opened it, standing between Pia and Miss Avaris. The three held half a dozen large shopping bags and a takeout bag from Hyachna's Shins. The smell of the hot food made Yarrow's stomach growl embarrassingly loudly.

"Hi, Yarrow," said Miss Avaris.

"We got you some stuff for your new home," Pia added.

Yarrow let them in, avoiding eye contact with Saoirse. None of them commented on Yarrow's state of undress, and Yarrow directed them to the kitchenette while excusing himself to get dressed in the bathroom.

Cyan helped Yarrow get dressed and held his hand when they went back out to meet their guests.

"We should've gotten trash bags," said Miss Avaris, kneeling to transfer cans of tea into the fridge.

"Here," said Pia, suddenly next to him. She handed Yarrow a bag containing toilet paper, towels, hand soap, and bath supplies. Yarrow took it curiously. "We're not here to take up your evening, but Avi suggested that we get you some things for your ship and something to eat."

Yarrow's eyes burned, and he started to choke up. Cyan took the bag of toiletries.

"We also got you some condoms," Saoirse called over her shoulder, washing a new set of dishes in the sink.

"Thank you, Sersh," said Pia while Yarrow's face turned pink. Cyan wasn't as flustered and spoke with Pia and Miss Avaris while Saoirse finished the dishes and set them out to dry. Yarrow's mind seized upon a subject, delaying the feeling in his stomach.

"Didn't you just resolve a landing reflex, Miss Avaris?" Yarrow asked. Miss Avaris was awake and alert, even energetic, Yarrow observed when she stood up from the fridge.

"Yeah. I'm not sure. I had a nap on Rabb's ship, and when I woke up, I felt good," said Miss Avaris, shrugging. "Good enough to take the runabout to town and go shopping."

"And order food from Hyachna's Shins," added Cyan, eyeing the to-go boxes on the counter.

"Are you two coming to the rendezvous, by the way? Bellis said he and Helly are bringing food," said Saoirse. Yarrow squirmed under Saoirse's gaze. He knew that she knew that he'd-

"Yarrow, breathe," said Saoirse, patting his shoulder. Saoirse could smell his nervousness too. Knowing he couldn't hide how overwhelmed he was broke Yarrow's will to pretend he was okay, and he felt lightheaded again. Miss Avaris, Saoirse, and Pia said goodnight and left while Cyan guided Yarrow upstairs to lie down.

"We should tell Azri to leave them alone tonight," said Saoirse.

"Is he alright?" Avaris asked. "I feel bad for just leaving him."

"He did ask," said Pia. The three of them walked toward Pia's ship, Saoirse holding Pia's hand. Avaris felt a mild pang of jealousy, wishing she could have a connection like that.

"He's embarrassed that I can smell how he's feeling," said Saoirse. "Andynes and Hamans get like that around Renoige sometimes. He'll feel better now that I'm gone, and I told Cy to give him some cuddles."

"People do that?" Avaris sounded skeptical. Pia's airship was in sight, and Avaris spotted Azri standing at the door.

"May said you'd turned down one of those glucose shots," said Azri, examining Avaris at Pia's kitchen table. "And you just went down to Segoe, shopped for over an hour, and came back to give Yarrow a housewarming party?" Azri asked idly while she took Avaris's pulse and respiration.

"It wasn't a party, we just dropped some stuff off for him and left. He seemed..." Avaris glanced at Saoirse, who tactfully shook her head.

"I think he'd appreciate some privacy tonight, Az. Both him *and* Cy," said Saoirse.

Azri reflexively fished in the pocket of her knitted cardigan for her notepad. "Do you have Yarrow's radio info?"

Pia had the requested information, and Azri called Yarrow's ship. She left a message and departed to eat an evening meal with May.

Avaris watched a movie with Saoirse and Pia before retiring for the evening.

"Sorry, I thought I'd be..." Avaris blushed.

"You thought you'd be hornier?" said Saoirse. She reclined on the couch with Pia. They shared a blanket, and Saoirse wasn't trying to hide what her hand was doing underneath, between Pia's legs. "What made you pee before you woke up?"

Avaris tried to think. "I...I had one of those dreams I always get. I met..." She couldn't remember. "That person from Crystal Cove…They had one of those Andyne tree names."

"Oh, you mean-" Pia grunted and squirmed against Saoirse's hand, and Saoirse kissed her neck, grinning. "From the landing area? Nyssa?" Pia adjusted under the blankets, spreading her legs wider in the space Avaris had vacated. Part of Avaris wanted to stay and watch, but she was tired. She said goodnight to each of them on the cheek, prompting a delighted giggle from Saoirse, and walked out the door at exactly eight fifteen on Pia's oven clock.

The evening was clear and breezy. As Avaris approached her airship, she turned and trotted down to the ground. A dusty reclining chair sat between the nacelles, and Avaris hiked up her skirt, pulling aside her dry protective undergarment. The warm air on her vulva felt good. She'd been drinking coffee or juice while shopping, and she was full, but not desperate.

Avaris heaved a deep sigh and lifted one foot, resting it on her chair. "Pee for one," she declared and released, careful not to splash her new shoes. The dry ground rapidly absorbed her full bladder, and she stood there until she stopped dripping. She left her chair where it was and went inside to shower and email her parents after a long day.

_____________________________________

I totally forgot what day it was - not that it was Thursday, but that it was the Thursday I'm supposed to post. Here's Ch13! 😄

*005*2025-11-26 22:16

Part 126

Part 14

Saoirse's fingers were pruny. She didn't mind because it helped her navigate Pia's slick folds and sensitive areas under the blanket. Saoirse knew that Pia needed to pee and had been delicately chipping away at her control for the past hour.

"Was she like that when she woke up?" Pia quavered, making a futile effort to keep her voice level.

"Yeah." Saoirse adjusted and braced Pia. They sat on Pia's fuzzy waterproof blanket, Saoirse monitoring her progress with her sharp sense of smell. Pia was holding back valiantly after a lot of water, juice, and tea that evening, and Saoirse felt a small squirt of warm urine when she inserted one finger.

"I’m surprised she didn’t want to-…to stay-" Pia twisted, shoved her face into the crook of Saoirse's neck, and Saoirse felt the hot explosion around her hand. Saoirse's hand sped up while the other cupped Pia's breast. Pia cried out, flooding the blanket around them.

"What do you think?" Saoirse tried to ask casually, but grunted as Pia jerked her hips. "You've had landing reflexes before."

Saoirse let Pia finish, working at her until she fell back, sweating and gasping against Saoirse. Pia answered when she'd caught her breath.

"Mine aren't that intense," panted Pia. She tried to sit up and fell back. Saoirse was pleased to note that Pia was still twitching. "I didn't even know it was a landing reflex until Azri did all those tests two years ago. I talked to Avaris about hers on Lady's ship, and she's just as confused as we are."

The hand cupping Pia's breast let go with some reluctance. Saoirse wanted to ask Pia something: in all of Saoirse's research, both in and out of her journalism and creative writing classes, she'd never found a clear answer. Saoirse felt around Pia's back with her fingers, feeling the raised webwork of scars through the thin fabric of her shirt.

"Pia, this might be a stupid question, but..." Saoirse had tried and failed to ask the question many times. She took a breath to chicken out and change the subject when Pia spoke.

"I've never had them, no," yawned Pia, pulling away. "I think I was going to. I did gene therapy for years, went in for surgery, and woke up six months later in hydrostasis with the scars on my back."

Saoirse stood up numbly, helping Pia gather up the soggy blanket. "They were...growing them? Like Cy?"

Pia's expression closed off, and she took the blanket, letting the warm piss soak into her clothes while she carried it to the bathroom. Saoirse rushed after her, cursing herself for upsetting Pia.

Pia loaded the blanket into the washer, then began taking them off. "Transplant. From a donor."

"Did you want them?" Saoirse thought she knew the answer, but not why. Pia shook her head. Saoirse smelled fear, anger, and guilt, but Pia's face was blank. Saoirse decided not to push it.

"We should wash your clothes too," said Pia. Saoirse started unbuttoning her shirt and turned for Pia to unhook her bra. Only her butt was wet, but her clothes were sweaty. They rinsed off in the shower, mopped up a trail of drips, and went to bed without putting on clothes.

Azri ambled up the stairs toward the back of May's airship. She could smell that May was cooking. Azri opened the unlocked kitchen door and walked in to see her eldest, Della, at the sink rinsing a dish. Zinda sat at the kitchen table with May, both poring studiously over a board game. While Azri greeted Della, she heard May talking to Zinda.

"If you had another e, you could get that triple word square," May said slowly.

"Oh, hi, Mom," said Della, setting the plate in the drying rack. "You're back early."

"Delly," Azri hugged Della and went with them to the kitchen table. She greeted Zinda with another hug and added a kiss for May.

"You *are* back early," agreed May. "Is everything okay?"

Azri watched while Della sat down, frowned at their selection of letters, and set down an o to make "of" on the board.

"Better than okay. So much so that I'm waiting until tomorrow to see Cy and Yarrow," said Azri. It sounded as tactful out loud as she'd hoped, and she puffed up a bit. Della and Zinda exchanged a flat look, and Azri's pride deflated a fraction.

"Would you be open to similar alone time, Miss The-Destructor?" May asked, smirking. Azri smirked back, bending down over her girlfriend until their faces were inches away from each other.

"Finish this game of word squares first. I'll help." Azri kissed May on the lips. "May I sit on your lap?"

"Mom," Della sighed. May pulled out the fourth chair at the table.

"Now's not a great time, but please help. My hand is terrible," May said smoothly, adjusting the letter holder on the table. She wasn't kidding: May had two "x" tiles and no vowels on her tile stand.

Zinda won half an hour later despite Della pulling off the word "queueing" over a triple word square, and the two adopted siblings elected to read the books they'd bought that day while listening to May's music library in the living room. Meanwhile, May led Azri upstairs to her room and locked the door behind them.

May couldn't bring herself to do much, knowing the teens were downstairs, but she was more emotional than horny. Azri felt tiny in the bed with May, hugging her tightly. Azri was much stronger than she looked, as most Amphibious people were.

"I haven't been able to get you alone all day, young lady." Azri rested her head on the pillow. Her dark green hair was jaw-length, and May smoothed it back. "How'd it go with Pia?"

"She knew a bit more than I expected, thanks to Saoirse. I regret telling her about what Nelumbo wanted."

"From you?" Azri asked, taken aback. "May-May, Pia's never had wings."

May sighed. "Hold me tighter. Like a python, except hot."

"Aww, you think I'm hot?" snorted Azri, obliging. "Don't get off-topic. I've seen the scars on Pia's back."

"I don't know everything, but I have suspicions. Can you write Dr. Moss?" May yawned. "Althea has to know. Or Clay."

"Clay isn't with the company anymore," said Azri. "I'm hoping that means he's retired."

"Dakota called earlier," May said, wriggling. "Tighter. He might know. He says they'll be here this summer."

Azri had met Dakota, his husband, and their three kids twice. She liked them. "That sounds good, bubble. Tell me when."

May nodded, and Azri squeezed her until she said, "When." They dozed until Della and Zinda knocked on the door, telling them it was ten-thirty.

"Avaris

DOB: 10/12/45

Race: Haman/Andyne/Human

Sex: F

Gender: F

Parentage BL: 25% (M/"Tacca"/50%BL)

Hair color: Pink [UPDATE 02/59: Green]."

Yarrow blinked hard. If he could get through these next three hours, he could relax at last. He didn't know what his next assignment had to do with the young woman in this folder, but he didn't have time to think about it. He deftly slid the file into place in his file bag and legged it out of the waiting area.

Someone held the elevator door open for Yarrow as he sidled into the car, shuffling between the other workers' wings. It was like pushing his way through a colorful maze of feathers, and Yarrow could see who had and hadn't preened recently, and who was molting. One set of brilliant green wings was especially bedraggled. Despite the hunger, thirst, pounding headache, and achingly full bladder, Yarrow had to resist a brief urge to untangle the beautiful green feathers and slid into an available corner, clutching at his bags.

The conference that year took place at the convention center on Spoons University's northern campus, on the Andyne Homeworld. Yarrow had been off-world for an assignment and had already traveled nonstop for four days. He hadn't gotten more than half an hour of uninterrupted sleep, wedged uncomfortably in his seat with his file bag. Despite that, he'd taken the time to comb his hair and preen his wings, and he looked bare-minimum presentable, according to his parents' standards. Yarrow paused at the door to let some of the office workers exit ahead of him, and one looked at him and said, "You shouldn't be up here."

The salaryman who spoke was older, with cropped, age-gray hair, brown wings, and a handlebar mustache. Yarrow knew from his clothes and similar harried state that the older man was at an even lower level in the hierarchy than Yarrow, who was only twenty-two and had been a legal clerk for three years. Yarrow had joined at a higher rank than entry level thanks to his loose family connections, while some clerks without family connections took decades to climb the corporate ladder. Yarrow considered skipping the conference, quitting, and disappearing to some remote world to live as a hermit. It would even make some people's lives better if he dropped their cases and they never had to see him, Yarrow thought glumly.

Despite everything, Yarrow's feet carried him out of the elevator, in the direction of the on-site hotel’s check-in desk. Yarrow's mouth and throat were so dry that they began to stick uncomfortably together, and Yarrow's bladder - he hadn't peed in three days - protested with a painful throb. Feeling like he wasn't in control of his own feet, Yarrow crossed the brass elevator threshold.

Yarrow opened his eyes in the dark. He was warm and comfortable and didn't need to pee nearly as much as he had in his dream, which was good because he didn't want to get up. He reached across the bed for someone, and part of his half-asleep brain expected his hand to touch green feathers. Yarrow didn't feel anyone and twisted into a half-situp to look. He realized he could smell food and sat up. It made Yarrow's stomach growl: he'd been too overwhelmed to touch the meals from Hyachna's Shins, and Cyan had assured him that Saoirse had put the takeout containers into the fridge.

Footsteps padded up the stairs, and Cyan stepped into Yarrow's room.

"You're awake," Cyan said quietly. "Are you hungry?"

Yarrow's stomach answered with an obnoxious gurgle, and Yarrow realized he was as hungry as he'd been in his dream.

"Why'd you get-" Yarrow paused, yawning widely while he followed Cyan downstairs. "What woke you up?" Yarrow glanced down, checking whether he'd finished the dream without remembering it, but his clothes were dry.

"My stomach. Then your stomach," said Cyan. The kitchen and living room were dark. The weaker yellow evening lights, one of the Limnulus's unadvertised features, illuminated the kitchenette. "I called Avi to ask her how to reheat everything," Cyan added bashfully. Yarrow's phone sat charging on the living room table, set to travel mode so he wouldn't hear from anyone on the Homeworld. He'd composed and sent his official resignation via email, and he knew that soon, someone would call him asking if he was *sure* he wanted to give up his chance to earn his family name. 

Yarrow Asteraceae. The name tasted like bile in his mouth without him even saying it. He spotted his takeout container, labeled with a Y and three stars and half open, revealing a heaping serving of Point, a spiced Andyne noodle dish made with udon, stir-fried vegetables, mushrooms, and tofu. In Mysterious Shirt on Yarrow's home continent of Gyalp, a species of fast-growing barnacles known as "sea strands" was a popular addition to the dish, and Yarrow's favorite. Sea strands didn't travel well, and Yarrow was pleased to see that Miss Avaris had gotten him the tofu.

Before Yarrow knew it, he was stuffing his face. Saoirse had remembered the salad from the shop refrigerator, and Yarrow found it in the fridge and spooned some onto his rice. It was delicious. Cyan was still eating when he finished. Yarrow realized they both were still standing at the counter.

"Want to sit down and eat?" Yarrow eyed Cyan's extra portion of rice and turned toward his backpack. "I'll set up my laptop."

Cyan stopped eating and set down their food to sit with Yarrow. While he connected to the cable service, Yarrow checked his email. Among the spam, company emails, chain letter emails, and his various subscriptions, Yarrow saw that Lunaria had sent him a message. Yarrow took a deep breath, held it for a second, and exited the browser window without opening it. His eyes traveled back to the counter, where Cyan had left their untouched container of rice.

"You can have my rice if you like," Cyan offered.

Yarrow shook his head, switching the window to a list of cable channels. "You're going to want it soon enough," he said, smirking. He looked up at Cyan, meaning to be smooth, and faltered at the butterflies in his stomach.

"What did you have in mind?" asked Cyan.

____________________________________________

I didn't think I'd be posting this chapter right before Thanksgiving. Or *on* Thanksgiving. It'd be on the day of, but I was late last time and I have stuff to do tomorrow.

*007*2025-12-11 15:00

Part 127

Part 15

Del slowly unstuck her leg from its awkward position against the wall and stretched it out. It had been almost six hours, and Del and Alvin had played card games and watched movies from the small disc selection on the bookshelf. Del had been dozing for the last two hours, not touching her water so that she wouldn't need to get up and use the tiny bathroom. Her shoe had smelled like piss for the first few hours, but it was dry now and not as noticeable.

Dr. Moss, who'd told them both to call her either Keyana or "Kiki," had piloted the small hybrid airship through a wide submerged cave system. The ride was slow but even, and Del could only barely feel it when Kiki turned sharp corners. Del could see that Alvin felt the motion more than she did: Hamans usually had a slightly greenish undertone to their skin, but the green seemed darker in blotches across Alvin's entire bald head. He had a water bottle, but would hesitate and look away every time he reached for it. Alvin was starting to sit up when Kiki's voice floated back. A staticky voice broke the white noise on the radio. Del couldn't make out most of it, but she thought she heard the words "tunnel collapse."

Kiki groaned. "You've got to be shitting me."

"I am not shitting you, ma'am," the voice rasped through the radio.

Del exchanged a glance with Alvin while Kiki sputtered, "Oh sh-...I mean, I'm sorry. I thought you were a recording."

Alvin stood up suddenly and skittered into the bathroom. His retching didn't drown out Kiki's conversation, but covered it enough that Del couldn't hear most of it. When he'd stopped, Kiki said, "Alright. How much is the tollway?"

Del's stomach sank. Alvin emerged from the bathroom gray-faced, climbed onto one of the berth beds, and curled up. Less than a minute later, Kiki appeared at the entrance to the tiny combination bedroom/sitting area. Sne nodded a greeting to Del and looked at Alvin on the bunk. His eyes were closed.

"How are you feeling, Alvin?" Kiki asked sympathetically.

"I'm okay," Alvin mumbled.

"What is it, Dr. Moss?" asked Del.

"Kiki or Keyana," corrected Kiki. "Please. I appreciate that you default to formality, Del, but it's not necessary. Now, I have a choice for you both." Alvin opened his eyes blearily and focused on Kiki. "There's been a major tunnel collapse ahead. We have three options: the quickest option is to go back the way we came, surface, and take an air route. That should add about twelve hours to our trip. The second option is to dock at the local weem and wait for the tunnel to open again. The estimate on that is at least eighteen hours, but we'd have time to rest, and it might be easier on you, Alvin."

Alvin groaned, and Kiki patted his shoulder awkwardly.

"The last option is that we take the tollway, surface at the coast, and loop around the coastal air route. Including rest breaks, that'll be four days." Kiki glanced between Del and Alvin. "That might be our best option if you're better with air travel than underwater?" Alvin shook his head. Del liked the thought of having more time to complete her reproductive sample kit.

"Does the first option have a catch?" Del asked, stretching her leg.

Kiki nodded, sighing heavily. "Clay blew up the medical tower on the lake. I don't know what the company's response will be, but I don't want to be seen anywhere near Lake Ud on the surface."

"How close are we to the weem?" asked Del.

"Fifteen minutes away," said Kiki. "I've never been there, but the map says they have lodging for air-breathing travelers."

"That sounds like just what we need," Del tried to sit up and grunted, shuffling her wings. She'd slept on them awkwardly, and they were either numb and prickly or aching and crampy.

"I still...vote for the quickest route," said Alvin faintly. "Please. I need to see Ulli."

Kiki glanced over her shoulder, frowning in thought. "What if you could speak to him over a communication line? I need to contact him to tell him we're late anyway."

"What about...what if they're monitoring the lines?" Alvin asked, hopeful.

"I'll have to call him from my ship to be sure, true, but I'll let you talk to him as long as you like," said Kiki. They docked twenty minutes later.

"This isn't working," huffed Yarrow, leaning on Cyan while Alistair Antzera, gentleman detective, snooped around a swimming pool onscreen. The "arrangement" they'd made involved Yarrow fondling Cyan during commercial breaks. However, May paid for the premium streaming service, and there hadn't been a commercial break over an hour into the film. Cyan had been enjoying the movie, Love in the Aquatics Center, and didn't mind that Yarrow hadn't touched them yet. Yarrow seemed anxious to do it, though.

"Is everything alright, Yarrow?" Cyan brushed some hair out of Yarrow's face.

"I'm worried about my-..." Yarrow took a deep breath. "My performance. You've made me come forty-five percent more often than I've..." He paled when Cyan paused the movie to stare at him.

"You've been counting?" asked Cyan, taken aback.

Yarrow squirmed. "Only so I can improve."

"Yarrow, it's just my sex drive. Yours is higher than mine, and that's okay." Cyan had no idea where these words were coming from, but they made sense, and they were the truth. "You've been taking very good care of me, and you don't need to get me off all the time just for me to like you."

"Does that mean you don't want to?" Yarrow asked, his face falling.

Cyan shrugged, shifted, and lifted their skirt. The floral pattern had disguised the bulge in their lap oddly well. "If you want to touch it, you're welcome to, but I'm into the movie and falling asleep."

Yarrow took Cyan up on their offer, and Cyan resumed the movie. Yarrow contentedly played with Cyan while answering their questions about the plot. Five minutes later, they were both asleep.

"I can't believe I'm saying this, but it was Col. Mustard, in the library, with a wrench," said Alistair, standing oddly regally in his swim trunks and a set of flippers, each in a shade of magenta that matched his hair.

Cyan sat up in the pool chair. They smelled chlorine, and indistinct voices populated the empty pool, echoing off the smooth tile. The room was warm and humid, and Cyan was naked but gratified to find that they were themself. This dream wasn't someone else's memory.

The plot of the movie continued to unfold around Cyan, the characters moving like shadowy ghosts. Cyan sensed that they weren't alone in the dream.

"Yarrow? Avi?" Cyan called. "Pia?...Other lady?" A green-haired woman wandered the underground forest. Cyan didn't know her name, but the classroom and school hallways were hers. "Classroom? What underground forest?" Cyan asked aloud, and as they spoke, the information fell into place. Cyan stood at a pair of double doors and exited into a school hallway. Blinding white fog pressed against the windows, and that meant it was morning. Why? Cyan kept walking.

The first door was the classroom. A New Year banner hung over the foggy window, demanding Cyan's wings.

"I don't have any today," Cyan sniffed, checking their back to confirm they didn't have wings. Cyan shut the door smartly and moved on.

The next door was plain and led to an empty bedroom. A large bed in the middle sat neatly made and invitingly empty, its sheets and duvet soft and patterned with stars and planets. The window was open, and plants spilled in from outside. Cyan could smell greenery and water, and the air had a pleasant chill. It was a nice place for a nap.

A dark-colored dresser sat in the corner next to the closet, chest-height and oversized, a popular Andyne style of furniture, with two large drawers. The bottom of the two slid open. Inside, someone sat up with arms crossed over their chest, rising stiffly like a vampire in an old movie. It struck Cyan as an intentional choice.

"Who are you?" the person asked brightly. They turned, hopping to their sock feet over the side of the drawer. "You don't live here." Their eyes were reflective lavender, like Cyan's, and they had shoulder-length green hair, slightly lighter and yellower than Cyan's. That was where their similarities ended: the person's skin was green with a violet blush, random patches of more "normal" tan and pink skin, and short, pointed Haman ears. They wore a baggy gray t-shirt, soft pants, and socks.

"You're...here," Cyan realized aloud. "Are you asleep too?"

The slim patchwork-skinned person nodded. "So are you. I'm Scraps. We're not asleep, but almost."

"Oh," said Cyan, floundering. They hadn't been expecting to meet someone new. "I'm...uh...I'm Cyan."

Scraps brushed past Cyan, glancing around. "You haven't seen *her,* have you?"

"Who?" Cyan asked, turning. Scraps was gone. A tall woman with curly pale pink hair stood in the doorway, wearing Pia's pink polo shirt and knee-length black work skirt. She - Cyan got the distinct impression that this person was currently a she - looked Cyan up and down balefully.

"Who are you, and what are you doing in my room?" the young woman growled in a low voice.

"Cyan. I'm Cyan," said Cyan, backing away.

"Why are you only showing up now?" the pink-haired woman asked. Her wings were different colors, and Cyan thought they understood something until she spoke again. "Do you know that...Amary-...no. Aster? Fuck, what was her name?" the woman sighed to herself. One of her hands pawed at her crotch.

"Avaris?" Cyan yawned.

Some of the hostility melted out of the woman's face. "You know her? Is she single?"

"You'd have to ask her, but I don't think she's seeing anyone," said Cyan. "She um...lives at the same place as my..." Cyan paused to consider. "In the same place I'm living. In her ship."

"The dockyard," said the woman, frowning. Cyan felt a flare of annoyance and glanced at the drawer that Scraps had emerged from, thinking they might escape through there. It was half-closed, containing clothing, as a dresser drawer should, Cyan guessed dourly. No escape there. "I apologize."

Cyan looked up. The pink-haired woman's expression had softened, and she sat on the end of her bed, fumbling with her skirt. Without thinking, Cyan sat next to her.

"Don't sit there," said the woman abruptly, and Cyan stood up, stepping back. "I'm sorry, I’m just about to pee and you might get wet. I'm Nyssa, or Nis if you prefer," said the woman, holding up one hand palm-out. Cyan raised a mirroring hand and touched her palm with theirs. The greeting felt automatic, as though Cyan had been taught and grown up using it.

"You’re going to pee…here?” Cyan blushed. "But this is your bed, isn't it?"

"Well, yeah." Nyssa shrugged, wiggling her hips. "I have a rule about that."

"Your rule is to pee your bed?" sighed Cyan, exasperated.

"The rule is that when in doubt, I use my bed," said Nyssa, blushing. "If I'm not in it, I wake up dry. If I am, it feels good."

"Why…That's..." Cyan scratched their head in frustration. Their hair was just long enough to be soft instead of prickly. "Why don't you use the toilet?"

Nyssa shrugged again, spreading her legs on the duvet. "The bed is easier to remember, but I’ve probably dreamed I used the toilet before and used it instead.”

"That sounds like sleepwalking," yawned Cyan. "I'm trying to sleep, I don't need this."

"I can prove it," said Nyssa quickly, standing up and pressing her legs together. "Is there somewhere I can pee where you'd notice in the morning?" Cyan blinked sleepily, thinking. "Hurry, please. I sat down on my bed. I can't stop it now."

Feeling put upon by the demand, Cyan concentrated and somehow brought themself and Nyssa back to the pool area from the movie they’d been watching with Yarrow.

"Is this..." Nyssa grunted, blinked hard, and her clothes flickered. She suddenly wore a tank top and voluminous red skirt. "Where is this?"

"It's a movie on Yarrow's laptop."

"*Cyan!*" Nyssa moaned. "*This* isn't a good place for that- ...Wait, you know Mall-...I mean Yarrow?" Cyan opened their mouth to reply, and Nyssa interrupted, clamping both hands into her crotch through her skirt. "Oh fuck. Fuck fuck fuck. Cyan, pick somewhere real. Now!"

Cyan bit back an angry reply, and the scenery around them liquefied and reformed. The two stood on the deck of Rabb's ship in the mid-afternoon sun. Nyssa looked around.

"Oh fuck, here it comes," Nyssa gasped to herself. She took a step, faced the length of Rabb's deck toward the bow, and squatted, awkwardly gathering her skirt in front of her and exposing her crotch. She stuck out her hips, pulling up on her pussy to aim, and a powerful stream erupted across the deck. "Aaaghhhh, shit," Nyssa breathed. Her shoulders and wings sagged with relief.

"Sorry for snapping, Cyan." Nyssa had a pretty smile. It nettled Cyan without them fully understanding why. "I didn't want to ruin Mall-...Larskpu-...no. I mean, I didn't want to ruin our mutual friend's electronics." She used her free hand to indicate her widening puddle. There was something under her other hand, Cyan thought, caught up with her skirt. As if to confirm that, Nyssa adjusted her aim, moving the hem of her skirt and revealing her penis. The streaming vulva underneath was wide and plump with thin pink pubic hair framing her swollen clitoris. "I don't know exactly where all this would go, but it would probably ruin the laptop. Where are we, by the way?"

"We're on Rabb's airship," said Cyan. "She's Pia's partner's cousin."

Nyssa's eyes widened. "You know Pia?" Cyan wanted to be mad and found that they were too tired for it.

"I'm Pia's sibling," Cyan yawned.

"No shi-" Nyssa's flow stopped, and she pushed out another strong stream. "Aaahh, that's better. No shit? You do resemble her a little."

"No shit," Cyan sighed. "Are you almost done? I'm going back to sleep."

"Almost there," Nyssa smiled lazily up at Cyan, fading out of the dream as she finished emptying her bladder. "It was nice to meet you, Cyan. Good night!" said Nyssa. She disappeared before Cyan could reply.

Cyan jolted awake to the radio chime at five-forty in the morning.

______________________

Scraps is in the story, and it only took 15 parts! Apologies for the formatting; I'll go back and fix that when I can. 🙂

*009*2025-12-24 19:29

Nis Needs To Piss: A Short Story

Part 15.5

Nis stared down into the shot of reddish-brown liquid: the dagger root infusion smelled good, but in a perfumy way. Tulip and the rest of his family had downed theirs, but Nis was having trouble bringing it to his mouth.

"If you don't want to, it's okay," said Tulip's father. Tulip's mother and sister exchanged a look. Tulip put a hand on Nis's shoulder, his face graying after his shot. He didn't like the drink either.

Tulip was tan and thin, with shoulder-length dark brown hair, inky indigo eyes that looked black, and sporty gray stripes on his brown wings. He flew professionally, and his feathers looked windblown after work. Where Tulip was slight and dark, Nis felt pale and large. Nis was half a head taller than his best friend, with a tall, chunky, masculine body that didn't seem to match his breasts, which were large enough that he'd considered getting a custom bra for back support. Nis's hair was pale pink, clipped back into a loose ponytail, and he'd dressed in a comfy t-shirt and a pair of shorts for the game night. His wings, one brown and one red, betrayed his anxiety, pulling inward before he consciously relaxed them.

"Y-yeah. It's okay." Tulip poured himself a soft drink and chugged the whole thing.

Nis took the shot. It burned in his throat, and the fumes penetrated his sinuses. He drank an entire bottle of water in three gulps afterward, and two more in the course of the first board game. He didn't mind the effects of the dagger root infusion and enjoyed a pleasant warm buzz while the family progressed from board games to card games. It was Tulip and his sister's turn to clean up that night, but Nis stayed and helped. Nis fell into bed at eleven-thirty with a straining bladder, knowing exactly where he wanted to put it.

Nis sat at a table on the lake where he'd first met the green-haired girl, Avaris. He hoped he'd see her again, but she wasn't around. He stood up, glancing up at the darkened World Sleepers building.

"Calm down, you." Nis sighed to his cock, tenting his skirt in anticipation. "Wait, these clothes aren't mine." Nis glanced down: he wore a black knee-length shirt and a pink polo shirt emblazoned with the words "Foxfire Catering" on the left breast. He didn't look great in it, but he didn’t need to: it was a work uniform.

Nis focused his mind, braced himself, and changed the scenery. The action put pressure on his body, and he grunted with the effort, appearing on a different lakeside. Segoe, the lake the world was named for, glowed gently green while the town celebrated the new year and yearly foxfire bloom. It was dark, and the empty streets were loud with the chatter and noise of a festival. Avaris wasn't there either.

"Oh well," Nis sighed, and focused again. This time, he crossed his legs and pinched his cock. The summer night was warm and pleasantly humid, and Nis sidled onto the deck of “Rabb’s” airship and found a chair placed in the middle, conveniently facing the large stretch of decking where he could "leave his mark," so to speak. He'd promised Cyan - their name was easy to remember because they were blue-skinned and named after a color of blue - he'd piss there for a few days.

The chair, a reclining deck chair, was easy for Nis to lower himself into. His pussy fluttered and leaked, dripping hotly down his thigh, and Nis pulled the work skirt up around his waist. Normally, Nis peed out of his dick for convenience, but he preferred using his pussy if there was time.

Nis got comfortable in the deck chair, spreading his legs. A drop of piss stood out at the tip of his dick and he shook it off, pinching the tip shut while spreading his legs.

"This isn't about convenience," Nis grunted and let go from his pussy, trying for distance without pushing too hard. Urine sprayed in a messy arch over the decking. It sounded like rain, and Nis sat back, basking in the relief. Dagger root was a strong diuretic, and Nis had consumed a lot of fluids to prevent the pounding headache that dagger root drinks caused. He'd succeeded, even though his poor bladder felt like he'd held it for two days during Finals Week.

"Oh fuck yeah," Nis sighed. "Uugh, I don't know why I drink that stuff." Nis thought about Avaris, imagining her watching. It made Nis's cock throb against his wrist, and he stopped pinching it: it was too hard to leak now. Nis’s free hand lightly drifted to his pussy. He could feel the heat from his urine on his hand and lightly touched his clitoris.

Nis had been ignoring the latent horniness from his contact with Avaris for more than a day, throwing himself into his daily tasks. It worked during the day, around other people with a thousand things to do at any given time, but in this strange shared dream space, there were no chores, and Nis was alone. He stroked along the length of his vulva, finding it almost unbearably sensitive. His stream slowed and stopped while he masturbated, and his other hand encircled his cock. Nis's cock was average, circumcised and slightly thin, and twisted subtly to one side.

Suddenly, Nis wasn't alone. He couldn't stop his hands - he'd been putting this off for too long. He couldn’t see or hear anyone around him, on the deck or elsewhere, but someone was there.

"I know you're here," Nis called, his face heating up. The orgasm was already building, and he didn't want to come onto the deck. Urine was one thing on weatherproof decking, but Nis didn't want to chance it with semen. He shuffled for the railing, touching himself.

Nis was close. He thought about Cyan's penis while he fingered himself and pumped his dick. This would be a great time for Avaris to show up, but there was only Scraps, wherever they were. Nis didn't know whether Scraps was even watching, and didn't care. His pussy convulsed first, and he had to pull himself forward against the railing to keep himself from spattering the decking. He felt his pussy squirting while he came off the side of the ship.

"F...fu-...uck," Nis hissed, sending a rope of cum onto the ground below. The following squirts were a fast drip, causing Nis to panic: he didn't want it going down the ship's side. "Fuck...Shit! Fuck fuck fuck."

"Why do you curse so much?" asked Scraps's voice. Nis glanced around.

Nis's wings and shoulders relaxed, but he stayed upright, carefully flicking the cum away from the ship's hull. With that done, he sagged at the railing, gasping, for about a minute before answering.

"Because I can," Nis panted. The post-orgasm need to pee began to build up, and he waited for it, resting on the railing. He'd been tempted to add the word "fucking" to his response, but didn't have the breath for the extra syllables.

"Alright," Scraps sighed. "Why do you drink that stuff?"

The need to pee hit Nis, and he stood shakily. Nis let go through his cock over the side before he turned and walked along the railing, the piss splashing merrily on the deck. Nis looked around for a glimpse of color or silhouette, but as usual, Scraps was invisible.

Nis turned the corner near the bow and looked in the window. A beautiful orange tabby Renoige woman in a cloth ankle brace lay sprawled on the couch, asleep. She was there, but not here, and wouldn't be able to see Nis if she woke up and looked out. Nis wondered what it looked like. Was his stream visible, or did the piss just pool on the ground?

Around the ship, the dockyard was cool and misty, and Nis could imagine he was on the water - this was a semi-dream space, after all, and he could do it - but he still needed to finish pissing. Nis counted other ships in the dockyard. There were three: the first was clearly the dock owner's ship, tall with rounded windows. A smaller version of the first ship hovered closest to him across the middle of the dockyard - a harpy model, Nis thought, turning on his heel when he reached the stern. He let his stream splash across the deck and kept walking, facing the tree line. He walked halfway up the ship to where he'd shot his load through the railing, turned, and finished standing in the widest part of the first puddle, letting it flow from both orifices.

Nis turned to squint at the third ship in the yard, a vague shape in the misty distance. The shadow was squat but distinct: a Limpet. All Nis could see past that was the shadow of a radio tower. Spreading his legs and dripping on the deck, Nis thought he knew who owned the Limpet.

"Is this really where you're going today?" asked Scraps.

Feeling good, Nis stood up, shook off, and stretched. "I think so," Nis sighed contentedly. "No guarantees I'll remember I was here, though. Not while I'm awake."

A shadowy figure sat in one of the deck chairs that had avoided Nis's splashback, and didn't disappear when Nis turned to look at them. Nis recognized Scraps's clothes: the purple yoga pants, socks, and a floral nightshirt. Nis made what he hoped was eye contact with the shadow and let out the remainder of the contents of his bladder. Emptied out at last, Nis could finally leave.

"Have a fucking good day, Scraps," said Nis, not unkindly, and let the piss-soaked deck fade around him. Sleep overtook Nis, and he let it without a fuss: he needed to be up early.

_______________________________________

Part 15.5. I was supposed to post this last week, so I'll just post it a day early from regular time. Nis/Nyssa is genderfluid, and is mostly referred to as she/her in most of the parts I've written so far, but not posted yet. "Nyssa" is also the name if the tree(black tupelo), in case anyone thinks I'm giving the Andyne naming conventions a rest. 😛

*010*2025-12-25 19:35

Part 128

Part 16

Nyssa woke feeling refreshed in a dry, soft, warm bed. She knew she'd dreamed, but when she opened her eyes, the memory of it was gone. It would be back, Nyssa thought, sitting up and stretching.

The kitchen was empty, as usual at five o'clock on a Saturday morning. Nyssa wasn't sure where Tulip was, but there was no cause to worry yet. Nyssa left the kitchen, eating a piece of toast, and found herself fully dressed and locking the basement backdoor behind her fifteen minutes later.

Outside, the morning was cool and fragrant, and Nyssa set off on the overgrown trail in a good mood. She didn't have any tools today: she wouldn't need them. Nyssa wore an airy white top, shortened nearly into a crop top by the size of her breasts. Her skirt matched, and she felt feminine and sexy in it, even as the brush around her threatened to snag it.

Nyssa approached the final stretch before her first destination, a shallow but wide stream, took a short running start, and glided across. She noticed skid marks from Tulip’s feet near where she landed lightly on the opposite bank - to avoid his landing reflex, Tulip liked to dig his heels into the ground and skid to a stop. It didn't always work, but he did it whenever he landed on grass, gravel, or dirt.

Their airship hovered outside their shed, and Nyssa could see from that distance that the shed was closed and locked.

"Tulip?" Nyssa called, and Tulip stepped around the side of the airship, brush in hand and gray primer smeared across one wing. He wore a t-shirt and ripped jeans, all spattered in colorful drops. Even his dark hair, tied back in a tight ponytail to protect it, hadn't escaped a spray of pink droplets.

"Oh, hey," said Tulip. "You're..." He checked his wristwatch, inadvertently drawing the brush across his cheek. It left a bright blue smear on his face. "Aagh," he exclaimed, pulling his hand away and turning it carefully. "You're...on time." He glanced at the ship where he'd been painting, dismayed.

"What's up, Tulip?" Nyssa asked. His paint job was beautiful, shining wetly in the morning sun. Nyssa could still see the slight dent where Tulip had scraped it on a branch the day before, but the paint was seamless and smooth. Tulip had taken the opportunity to repaint the surface entirely, and the new design was a cavern full of glowing crystals. "It looks great! Is it not done?"

Tulip sighed heavily. "No, it's done. I just thought I'd have time for a shower."

"I can try to get the paint out of your hair and feathers on the way," said Nyssa. "And you do keep a change of clothes in the shed."

Nyssa gathered up the paint supplies while Tulip unlocked the shed and went inside to change his clothes. They had the paints put away, safely separated from their other supplies within five minutes. Nyssa started working on Tulip's feathers on the ship, sitting behind him in a chair once they reached their cruising altitude. The primer on Tulip's feathers was dry and hardened, and Nyssa tried hand soap and water, leaving it on the feathers while she picked the paint flecks out of Tulip's hair.

By the time Tulip began their descent over Segoe, Nyssa was nauseous from focusing for so long on the hardened blob of primer in the moving airship. Nyssa sat down heavily in the passenger seat, causing the small craft to pull to her side for a few seconds. Tulip didn't glare at Nyssa for it, but Nyssa said, "Sorry!"

Nyssa watched their descent over the dockyard, recognizing the boat-shaped Renoige airship closest to the shop. She didn't know where she'd seen it, but it made her check how full her bladder was. Having used most of their bottled water on Tulip's feathers, she didn't need to go and found that her throat was dry.

"Where did Miss May say we should meet her again? At the shop?" Nyssa asked tentatively. Tulip had called May the day before, and they'd agreed to meet for breakfast and discuss flight lessons.

"At her airship," said Tulip, pointing at a large metal-plated Andyne airship. His hand was shaking, and Nyssa felt bad for pulling on his feathers for so long. The dried mass hadn't budged. "Nis, can you open the door as soon as we land?"

Nyssa sat up. Tulip made requests like this sometimes. "Of course. And it's Nyssa today."

Tulip nodded tersely, and Nyssa thought she recognized what was wrong: Tulip was hung over from the dagger root the night before, even though to Nyssa’s knowledge, he’d only taken one shot of the stuff. Nyssa cursed herself internally for wasting all that water on the immobile paint blob.

Nyssa watched the Renoige airship pass below them from her spot at the door, and thought she could see the outline of a large puddle. The memory flowed seamlessly back, and she felt herself blush, but didn't say anything.

Tulip threw the ship into park when they reached hover height and jumped out, pulling down his pants. Nyssa closed the airship's side door and approached her friend. Tulip's pants were wet, and he released a whizzing stream with a groan. Nyssa didn't watch, but looked around in case she needed to screen Tulip with her wings, glancing guiltily toward the Renoige airship.

"You're a bit early," said a voice, and Nyssa reflexively scooted between Tulip and the newcomer: a tall Andyne woman with striking blue and tan peacock wings, dusky blue hair, and a freckled summer tan strode over to them behind the shop, wearing a light jacket over her pajamas. It was Ms. Eneko, or May, as Tulip called her, and she looked concerned. She stopped short of Nyssa's wing and didn't try to peer at Tulip over it. "Good morning, Nis."

"It's Nyssa today, but Nis is alright too," Nyssa said, stepping forward and keeping her wing outstretched to screen Tulip. Nyssa didn't know whether he was still peeing, but she could hear him groaning. Nyssa briefly touched palms with May and glanced at Tulip. He stood up shakily, pulling up his pants. The wet spot in the crotch stood out, and May winced when she saw him.

"Dagger root intolerance?" May asked sympathetically. "Come with me."

Nyssa and Tulip followed May around the side of the building toward Rabb's airship. They passed closely enough to see the words, "Nilbog Amphibious Airship Rentals," in hand-high letters on the bow. Nyssa hurried Tulip along gently.

Tulip threw up just inside the shop's front door.

Pia stretched on her bed next to Saoirse. The morning was cool and misty with a pleasant chill after the hot, stuffy night. Pia smelled sweat and decided to wash her sheets that day.

Saoirse shifted, and her tail curled around her leg. She opened her eyes and smiled sleepily at Pia.

"I think I need to water the tomatoes," Pia yawned aloud.

"I know," Saoirse grunted, stretching. She'd used the toilet when she'd gotten up to cool off during the night, running cool water over her face and body in a futile effort not to sweat all over Pia. She tried to give Pia a sexy look and bonked the back of her head on the headboard. "Use me instead," she said, regaining her composure.

Both women were naked, which made Pia's decision easy: she was well-hydrated from the day before. Pia sat up and threw one leg over Saoirse, whose tail flicked contentedly. While Pia settled on top of her partner, a shadow in the window caught her eye. The upper deck of Pia's ship had one-way screen blinds on the windows, and Pia's eyes tracked the unaccountably familiar silhouette until its path dipped behind May's shop.

"Weekend guests?" Pia said to herself. She tried to pee and found herself hesitating despite how badly she needed to go. Pia looked away after the ship disappeared and turned to Saoirse.

"Yeah, May's giving some...kid?...flight safety lessons. Remember?" asked Saoirse, stretching between Pia's legs.

"Today?" said Pia. She wanted to pee and get her sheets in the wash, and wiggled her hips to try to stimulate herself.

Saoirse lay back. "Yeah. She told us yesterday when she was over with Azri, remember?"

Pia shrugged and let out a brief flood of hot urine over Saoirse's torso. Saoirse moved underneath Pia, soaking up the heat. Pia tried to let out another gush and had to push on her bladder to get any out. After a few tries, Pia leaned forward and rested on Saoirse. Pia pressed her breasts into Saoirse's clavicles, and the cat-eared woman lightly seized them with a quiet, "Ooh!"

"Can I help?" Saoirse asked.

"If you like. It'll just take a sec-" Pia jumped when Saoirse reached awkwardly around Pia's thigh and softly probed with her fingers. Saoirse was still feeling her way up Pia's inner thigh when Pia let go and sat up.

Pia raised herself slightly to try for a stream and achieved a half-hearted gush while most of her urine ran down her legs. The heat felt good in the cool room. "That was the most inefficient way you could've done that," snorted Pia while Saoirse gave up reaching around and rested her hands on Pia's thighs.

Saoirse laughed through a yawn. "Yeah, I know. What were we doing today?"

"Lunch with Rabb after I take apart her bathroom," sighed Pia. "You promised you'd help me find the puke smell in there." Pia's flow paused, and she sat back.

"I did," said Saoirse. "Rabb says she needs my help with something, and she's bribing me with desserts."

Pia finished, used a dry part of the blanket to blot away the rest, and shifted off of Saoirse, standing up in one long movement. The puddle around Saoirse was smaller than Pia thought it would be.

"You do realize you'll have to save up to water the tomatoes now." Saoirse sat up and stretched. They pulled the sheets off the bed, and Saoirse wiped down the mattress while Pia hauled the soiled sheets downstairs. The two took their time in the shower after, washing each other's hair at Saoirse's suggestion and talking about what they wanted for breakfast.

"What does Rabb need help with?" Pia asked fifteen minutes later, crossing the dockyard. They'd dressed, eaten breakfast pastries, and headed for May's shop, where Pia kept her toolkit.

"Someone pissed all over her deck yesterday before she got up, and she almost slipped and fell in it," said Saoirse. "I don't know how she thinks I can help, but she's making dolce to bribe me into it, so I'm not complaining."

"Wouldn't you know who did it if you recognized their smell?" asked Pia.

Saoirse shrugged. "Rabb would've recognized the scent if she knew them. I guess she thinks I might."

"Did she tell Miss May?" Pia asked.

"She called Mayra when she found it," said Saoirse. "Rabb asked her to keep it quiet, just in case."

They reached the stairs leading down to the shop's entrance. Pia noticed that the front door was ajar. Beside Pia, Saoirse sniffed the air and wrinkled her nose.

"In case of...what?" Pia asked. "What is it, Sersh?"

"Dagger root drink vomit," Saoirse gulped, paling slightly. "Can I meet you at Rabb's place? I'll start coffee, and we can wait a bit on cleaning the bathroom." Saoirse left, visibly uncomfortable. Pia knew the smell of dagger root drinks and vomit from her work in catering. She knew they were worse mixed, but she couldn't smell either at the moment. Pia approached the door apprehensively, hearing voices within.

____________________________________________

I almost decided to wait to weeks to post this, but it's Christmas and I *was* supposed to post 15.5 last week. I do have a buffer of chapters, but I'd better get writing. I got stuck for about two months on 1-2 chapters. Also Nyssa is femme here, as I mentioned on the previous chapter.

*012*2026-01-09 18:18

Part 129

Part 17

Yarrow stretched in bed next to Cyan. Cyan's body was warm, and since they were bigger than Yarrow - minus the wings, of course - there was more to hug in the cool bedroom. "You'd be willing to do that?" he yawned.

Cyan nodded, yawning. Yarrow's stomach gurgled, and Cyan sat up. Yarrow followed suit, stretching and trying not to move stiffly. He thought he did a good job, but Cyan noticed.

"Are you okay?" asked Cyan.

"Just sore from yesterday." Yarrow's bladder bulged, and he wasn't looking forward to getting up with his sore muscles. "I'll feel better after I do some stretches."

"Should I draw you a bath?" Cyan stood up, stretching. Since Cyan was under strict instructions not to strain themself, Yarrow was the one who'd done most of the moving. Cyan's body wasn't stiff, and Yarrow enjoyed staring at it sleepily until Cyan repeated the question. "Yarrow? Should I draw you a bath?"

"A bath?" Yarrow blinked. "Where?"

"In the upstairs bathroom," said Cyan, blushing a bit. "It's...this model might not have that feature. Let me check." Cyan stood up and Yarrow watched their butt as they padded to the bathroom, admiring how round it was, until they disappeared into the commode. "Yes!" Yarrow heard a click and some suspicious clattering. He sat up and had to pause to stretch his neck. Yarrow thought he heard his knees creak as he wobbled to his feet and approached. A large amount of water gushed somewhere in the small bathroom. Yarrow almost let go of his bladder in surprise, but caught himself when it stopped. A line of off-white interlocking panels blocked off the far half of the small the bathroom at waist height, forming a bathtub around the toilet. Yarrow almost peed again when he realized the toilet was submerged. The faucet stopped, and Cyan turned around.

"It's a...bathtub?" Yarrow tried and failed to suppress a yawn while he pressed his legs together. "But this is a commode. And the toilet's in there."

"It seals," said Cyan excitedly. "It acts as a chair, and the bathtub drains through the bottom." Cyan splashed in the water, testing the temperature with their hands. “And this room isn't a true airship commode, but it's made to fit one." Both Yarrow and Cyan were naked. It occurred to Yarrow that he could relieve himself from the upstairs "leisure deck," but he knew that May was expecting guests, didn't want to get urine down the side of his new home, and didn't want to be seen if anyone else was up. Yarrow hesitated nervously, hopping on the balls of his feet while he weighed his options.

"Here," said Cyan, clasping Yarrow's hips gently and pulling him through the doorway to the sink, leaning backward over the tub to make room for Yarrow's wings. The hot water was already warming the room. The sound of the faucet made Yarrow overflow, and he hastily pushed his hips into the sink, but he was safely firing toward the drain. Cyan leaned over and let out a fast blue stream, standing perpendicular to Yarrow and turning on the sink.

"Thanks," Yarrow sighed. "So I have a bathtub?"

Cyan nodded enthusiastically. "Yes. I've always thought they should've advertised it. They tried it on a limited run of Limnulus models, and then never again. Most people don't know this, but most of the Haman airships that look like molluscs were first designed by an Andyne."

Sore and shaky, half-asleep, and pissing in the sink, Yarrow's comprehension skills weren't the best. "I...how do you know that?"

Cyan blinked hard. "I don't know. Can I check it on your laptop? Maybe while I make food?"

Yarrow took a deep breath, trying to wake himself. Food sounded good, but he still wasn't sure how he felt about Cyan using the stove without him there.

"Which of the leftovers did you want in the fridge?" Cyan asked, switching off the faucet in the tub. "Don't look so horrified. I was careful with the stove yesterday!" They'd already finished and stood patiently, half-sitting on the side of the bathtub. Yarrow blushed and tried to pee faster.

"You were," said Yarrow, pulling himself back into the conversation. The two had used the ingredients that Miss Avaris, Miss Pia, and Saoirse had brought to make several different dishes, and they had a small variety of leftovers to choose from. "I'm sorry. Curry and orange rice?"

Cyan stayed to help Yarrow into the tub after rinsing out the sink, and didn't bother getting dressed before they trotted downstairs.

"I'm so glad you're here," said Rabb. The look on her face was calm, but Saoirse could smell that she wasn't, even mingled with the lingering tang of dagger root vomit sticking in Saoirse's nose. Rabb let Saoirse in and led her to the kitchen. "It's the same person as last time. I'm sure of it."

Saoirse took a quick detour to sniff the coffee grinder on the counter. She'd smelled the urine from a distance, but the acrid tang of the dagger root vomit in Saoirse's nose partially drowned it out. Saoirse hoped the coffee would mitigate it. It smelled good, but the offending scent persisted stubbornly.

"Is it still on the deck?" asked Saoirse.

Rabb nodded, frowning. "You should take a look. It has to be an Andyne. I've known some Renoige who could make the jump from the boardwalk to my deck, but a Renoige wouldn't do that."

Saoirse reached the door to the deck and looked out. The sky was clear, and the deck sat in the blazing morning sun. One large puddle stood out in the middle of the deck. Saoirse opened the door for a better look.

On the deck, a deck chair sat facing the widest open area, and Saoirse could smell that whoever had left the pale yellow puddle had done it from there. The other puddles sat in a trail circling along the railing.

"There's so much," Saoirse observed. Rabb hobbled over the dry areas and sat in a deck chair that had escaped the phantom urinator. Saoirse almost asked Rabb if this could've been two people, but she could tell from only a cursory sniff that it was one person. She ignored the smell of dagger root in her nose. Whoever had left the mess, their scent smelled mixed. "Almost like Cyan's?" Saoirse mumbled aloud.

"It wasn't Cyan," Rabb piped up. "I've already seen him-...I mean, they peed outside with me the day before yesterday. I know their scent, and besides, Cy's urine is blue."

Rabb followed the trail of puddles along the railing, nodding while she concentrated. "Yeah." The trail of urine paused at the halfway point. "Did they just...pee while they walked?" Saoirse tucked the idea away for discussion with Pia later. "They stopped here and..." Saoirse glanced at Rabb, who nodded, wrinkling her nose. "How are your locks?"

"I had Ms. Eneko look at them yesterday. They weren't tampered with this morning, either," said Rabb. "And if they'd entered that way, I would've noticed. I fell asleep on the couch last night."

"I told you the new Casanunda miniseries was boring," Saoirse said, sniffing the air. "Surely you would've heard them land if they were Andyne."

"It's Rabb, not Shirley," yawned Rabb. "Are you disagreeing?"

"Nope," Saoirse said, confident. "There's a definite Andyne...ness to it. I'd know more if it were fresher."

"I'll call you if it happens again," said Rabb. Saoirse felt she couldn't get more information from the scent, especially with the dagger root vomit smell still sticking in her nose. Rabb retreated indoors to make coffee while Saoirse thoroughly rinsed down the deck and affected furniture with the garden hose.

While Saoirse used a wide broom she found on deck to push the last of the water over the sides, she noticed a group of people exiting the shop: three with wings, one without.

"That's Saoirse, my girlfriend," said Pia, waving to the cat-eared woman standing on Ms. Sylls's deck. May waved too, and Saoirse returned it. Nyssa waved shyly, and Tulip flapped his hand half-heartedly. After twenty minutes sitting down and half a bottle of water, Tulip felt better, but confessed that he'd been up all night, trying an additional two shots of dagger root with his sister while they talked to see if he’d like them more. He hadn’t. Pia parted ways with May and her guests at the boardwalk.

The walk to May's ship was awkwardly silent. May wasn't particularly inclined to small talk, but if she was going to teach Nyssa, she thought she should know about her.

"So you two are...friends?" May asked, leading the two friends around the back of her ship.

"Best friends," Tulip agreed palely.

"How did you two meet?"

"We met on our first day at George Avocados Elementary," said Nyssa. They reached the stairs and ascended to the deck.

"It's Avocados," Tulip corrected Nyssa's pronunciation.

Nyssa giggled, "I know."

"Do you do much flying, Nyssa?" May opened her door and let her guests inside. The smell of fried sandwiches made May's stomach growl.

"I do sometimes," said Nyssa. Nyssa told May about her experience while they ate: she could glide without having to exercise her wings regularly like Anth and part-Andynes with semi-functional wings, and she could fly moderate distances.

"Are your clothes today alright for flying?" asked May.

Nyssa blushed. She'd seemed nervous about something since May had met her with Tulip outside her shop. "Not really. I just got measured for a flight suit yesterday, but that won't be ready until next week."

"I see," said May. "Would you mind if we started with basic flight exercises? We'll adjust the training to your level after, but the basics are always worth practicing."

"And you um...you don't want payment?" asked Nyssa.

May shook her head. "Just food. Tulip and I agreed on that. From Hyachna's Shins, right?"

Tulip jumped. "How do you know?"

"Your sister works there," said May, and bit into her sandwich. "I thought you were her the first time you delivered something to me. You don't look that alike, but you have the same eyes and almost the same feather patterns."

Nyssa had been taking a drink of her water and continued while exchanging a look with Tulip.

"I...uh...Yeah. They give me a family discount," said Tulip, abashed.

"I'd hope so," said May. "I'll try my guest on the radio again. She might be up by now." May rose from the table and walked over to the living room radio console. She didn't use it often, but kept it in working order.

May had tried calling Avaris from the shop when she saw the hardened paint in Tulip's feathers, but Avaris was either asleep or out. Probably out, May thought, picking up the receiver.

While May waited for her guest to pick up, Nyssa nudged Tulip.

"How're you feeling, T?" Nyssa asked, taking another sandwich from the stack in the middle of the table. "Want me to pilot on the way home? You can nap."

"I might take you up on that. We'll see," said Tulip.

"Could you?" May said in the living room. "That would be perfect...It's airship paint primer, so the sooner the better...Thanks. See you in a few minutes."

Nyssa and Tulip exchanged a glance. May rejoined them at the table.

"Good news, my guest has what we need," May informed Nyssa and Tulip. "She's bringing it over now."

At eight-twenty that morning, Avaris stepped out of her front door in her comfy tennis shoes. Azri had told her to exercise more, and she needed to find a new route for a walk: Yarrow had parked his ship at the overlook. Avaris wasn't quite desperate to pee yet, but she'd brought her thermos with her and sipped spiced cider from it on her way down the boardwalk.

Avaris wore a modified light blue tennis skirt, and the cold, slippery fabric amplified the morning chill. Her top was a lacy aquamarine camisole that matched the color of her shoes and the lighter streaks in her mint green hair. It wasn't as appropriate for morning exercise as the tennis skirt, and the lace was itchy in places, but she didn't like how any of her t-shirts looked with the skirt.

A left turn brought Avaris deeper into the grid of walkways, and she took another left toward the radio tower. She'd done her kegel exercises there the day before, and it wasn't as fun to pee there as the overlook. Cyan had told her about a path to the rock formation in the old orchard, rising gently over the trees.

Avaris found the mouth of the path while Tulip and Nyssa passed overhead to land next to the shop.

_________________________________

A day late again. I was tempted to just wait until next week, and if I get past part 20 on here without writing much progress I may take a break. Apparently this doesn't format with my tablet either. Lame. The lack of formatting needs a cape too because it's super lame.

*013*2026-01-24 20:13

Part 130

Part 18

Avaris plodded down the overgrown trail, waving a branch awkwardly in front of her after walking through multiple spiderwebs. When she emerged onto the gently-sloping rock formation, she was sweaty and covered in webs, leaves, and sticky plant pods.

“Ugh, that took forfreakingever,” Avaris sighed to herself, enjoying the whipping breeze. The trail had wound around the old orchard in possibly the longest, most grueling route possible. It had taken nearly twenty minutes, and she contemplated having her morning pee on the rock formation and walking back. Her thermos was empty, and holding her bladder was beginning to take up more of her concentration, but she wasn’t desperate yet.

It would help tip the landing reflex if she waited, Avaris told herself, eyeing a short trail leading to the radio tower. That trail was even more overgrown than the last, and a full, shiny spider web sparkled across the entrance. Avaris frowned at it and turned back the way she’d come, tossing away the branch she’d been using. The path was much longer, but easier. Avaris cut through the orchard, passing a clearing containing a bench. She considered stepping up on the bench, but kept walking. Avaris had a specific set of stairs in mind.

Avaris’s heart skipped a beat when she spotted the stairs to the boardwalk past the trees. If she had to, she could simply pee off it, she told herself, clenching as she stepped up. No one was around, and when she came to a fork in the path, she realized that the left fork would take her to Pia’s Silverling. She could see both Pia’s ship and the tower from where she stood, and noticed a hint of green, peeking up over the metallic hull of Pia’s ship. It was closer than the radio tower.

“She’s been forgetting to water the tomatoes lately,” Avaris said to herself, changing course. She had to stop one walkway from the stairs, using all of her concentration and tightening her Kegel muscles. Instead of pressing her legs together, she kept them apart, letting the first reluctant leak squirt onto the planks.

“Come on, not much further,” Avaris groaned to herself. Cyan’s overgrown tomato plant was more visible than ever and she forced herself to keep walking until she reached the top of the stairs.

Avaris half-wanted to use her wings and hop to the ground from the top step, but didn’t want to deal with the fatigue from that again, even with a brief landing reflex. Taking a deep breath, Avaris stepped down toward it softly. She didn’t slow when she heard another hiss and drip between her feet on the fourth stair up.

Avaris lost her patience on the third step from the ground and hopped off, landing deliberately hard on her feet. The soft soles of her shoes lessened the impact, but it worked. As the impulse traveled up her legs, Avaris’s leaks paused, and she took advantage of that to rush to Cyan’s tomato plant without dripping on her new shoes.

The windows in the airship above were dark. Avaris watched them while the reflex tingled up her thighs and lifted her tennis skirt. Her pussy quivered in the cool air: Avaris had modified her tennis skirt by cutting the crotch out of the attached shorts underneath.

The reflex reached Avaris’s butt, and her body shivered and let go. She spread her legs wider and couldn’t quite suppress a moan, glancing back up at the windows. She could hear the shower inside over her own rushing stream and sighed.

“I wouldn’t mind them watching,” Avaris mumbled to herself. “Or the pink lady.” She blushed. She couldn’t even remember their name. Avaris felt the landing reflex resolve and looked forward to what came after while she relaxed in a deep squat, trying to keep from dripping on her skirt or new shoes.

Avaris watered both Pia’s and Cyan’s tomatoes after that with the watering can, half-hoping Pia and Saoirse might emerge, but the shower was still running when she left. Her groin warmed in anticipation under her skirt, progressing to a pleasant throb when she reached her airship. Avaris opened the door, eager to take off her itchy, sweaty tank top.

The radio’s call chime rang as she crossed the threshold. It was May, and one of her guests needed help. It was urgent, but not a life-threatening emergency. Avaris agreed to it, promising herself it would be quick. All she had to do was bring May some feather conditioner. After that, she could masturbate on the way back, on that bench in the orchard. Almost smugly satisfied with her improvisation skills, Avaris changed her shirt, selected two small tubs of feather conditioner, and left her ship for May’s.

Tulip dozed at the table while Nyssa stood washing dishes at the sink. The surface of the table was cool, and when the knock came, it made Tulip jump. May was downstairs in her ship’s cargo hold, looking for her catalogue of airship paints and primers.

“I’ll get it,” said Nyssa. Tulip gave her a thumbs up and tried to relax his wings.

Nyssa hesitated at the door. It lasted five seconds, then ten. Tulip sat up and sipped his water. Nyssa stood frozen, staring out the thin blind at the green-haired Andyne woman on the other side.

“That’s Avaris,” Tulip yawned. “She doesn’t bite.” Nyssa blinked at Tulip, but opened the door.

“Yep, like the tree,” Avaris said brightly, blushing. “Hi, Nis! And Tulip?...You know each other?” In that pause Tulip thought he heard the unspoken words: “You look awful.”

“We’re childhood friends,” Nyssa said quickly, with a shyness that made Tulip look up. “I live in his basement. Where’s um…Pia?” Tulip knew Pia too, and had delivered to her when May was out or busy.

“She’s helping out one of the other guests this morning,” said Avaris. “Your feathers could use some conditioning, Nis, but I don’t see any paint.”

Nyssa’s blush brightened. “It’s…uh…”

“She’s going by Nyssa today,” said Tulip, stretching. “I’m the one with primer stuck in my feathers.” Tulip twisted briefly to show her the slowly drying gray blob. “Miss Eneko is downstairs looking for her paint catalogue, in case we need something stronger.”

Avaris pulled up a chair and Tulip let her prod his wing gently. “I hope we don’t, or you might be better off cutting them. Do you keep your old feathers?”

Tulip’s stomach threatened to lurch and he took a drink of water. “I keep them, yeah. I really hope I don’t have to imp, though.”

Avaris prised at the edges of the splotch with her fingers. “Have you been working at this? It feels loose.”

“I have,” said Nyssa. Nyssa was back in her seat, hands folded in her lap in a way that Tulip recognized. Her face was deeper pink than her hair, and she stared at a wad of cloth hidden in Avaris’s feathers. Tulip stared at it too. He knew what it was, and his stomach twisted. “I worked at it on the way here with soap and water.”

“You didn’t tell me you used soap too,” said May, appearing in the stairwell. She held a thin binder under one arm. “Thanks for coming, Avaris.”

Tulip fell asleep while Avaris slowly loosened the paint from his feathers.

“Done! You did a good job loosening it, Nyssa,” said Avaris approvingly. At the sink, Nyssa glanced over her shoulder. Facing away from Avaris helped, so Nyssa had collected more dishes to wash. She couldn’t always remember the strange shared dream space, but the memory of Avaris in the pretty red dress was so clear it made Nyssa’s heart race.

“I’ll put this away, then,” said May, relieved. “I’ll want Tulip to try gliding before you two leave, just to make sure he’s okay to fly,” she told Nyssa. Nyssa nodded, setting the last dish in the drying rack. She glanced around for more dishes to wash while May’s wings disappeared in the stairwell, leaving Nyssa alone with Avaris while Tulip snored at the table.

“Want me to condition your feathers, Nyssa?” Avaris asked. Nyssa thought Avaris was blushing, but it was hard to tell with her skin tone. “Tulip’s wings aren’t going to take long, and yours could use it. Have you been dyeing them?”

Nyssa’s face was already hot, and it heated more. “Uh…Shi-…” Nyssa stopped and took a deep breath. “I don’t exactly take the best care of them. If Tulip were awake right now, he’d give us his favorite lecture on feather maintenance.”

Avaris finished Tulip’s feathers before May returned and suggested that Tulip might want to nap on the couch or guest bedroom.

“There’s enough room for a person in there again. Yarrow’s cleared most of the papers out,” said May, nudging Tulip’s shoulder. May showed Tulip to the guest bedroom and started a new pot of coffee when she returned before excusing herself to make a radio call upstairs.

“How is Yarrow?” Nyssa asked awkwardly, glad she was safely angled away from Avaris. “He really works here now?”

“Yeah. He’s getting used to being off the Homeworld.” Avaris paused to sip her coffee. “Saoirse told me we made him cry when we brought stuff over for his new ship. I think that’s an exaggeration, but he needed to lie down.”

“Is the Homeworld really that bad? I’ve never been there,” said Nyssa. “One of my moms has told me stories though.”

“It’s not bad, it’s just…” Nyssa listened to Avaris talk about the Homeworld. She was too aware of Avaris touching her to process most of what either of them said. When May returned, Nyssa straightened her back and folded her hands in her lap.

“How long were you two planning to be here, Nyssa?” May asked. “Tulip never told me whether you needed to be anywhere.”

Nyssa gulped. “We didn’t have anything planned.”

“Good,” May sighed, nodding. “My girlfriend is visiting later, but Tulip’s fine napping as long as he needs. I just want to make sure his feathers are okay before you two leave.”

Nyssa nodded. “Is there anything I can do until then?”

“Want to go visit Yarrow?” Avaris suggested.

Nyssa tried not to squirm. “I wouldn’t know where to find him.”

“I’ll take you,” said Avaris. She paused for another sip of coffee. “I’m free today.”

“I’ll walk with you two to the shop,” May interjected. “I need to check the messages on the radio.”

That was how Nyssa found herself walking across the eerily familiar dockyard between Avaris and May. They’d left a note for Tulip just in case, and May didn’t plan to be gone for long. It was painfully obvious that May had noticed Nyssa’s reaction to Avaris, and Nyssa felt like she was under a microscope. It made her need to pee. It made more sense for her to ask at the shop, but she could practically feel May judging her.

“Yarrow says he can forward my voicemail to my airship, so I don’t have to come all the way down here to get my messages,” May said to Avaris.

They parted ways at the stairs to the shop.

“If him and Cy are busy, I’ll just show you around if you like,” said Avaris. In the patchy sunlight, her cheeks were pink. “There’s just one catch. If you mind it, I’ll walk you back to May’s ship directly and stay a while for coffee.”

“What’s the catch?” Nyssa asked slowly. Avaris sighed contentedly, enjoying the sun in her sporty blue outfit and almost matching tennis shoes. Her t-shirt matched her blue tennis skirt well, but she couldn’t seem to stop tugging at the tight collar. “Do you need to stop and change your shirt?”

Avaris’s blush darkened, making it more visible on her face. “I’m testing my landing reflex in these shoes today,” she said. “But now that you mention it, would you mind stopping so I can change? My ship is on the way to Yarrow’s.”

_____________________________________________

I've actually done the waving a stick around to clear spider webs thing. It looks silly but you get somewhat fewer spiders on your face - it's possible that they might get on the stick and crawl onto your face anyway. It's also weirdly similar to a method used to find invisible hydrogen fires by people making rockets in the 1970s: https://shop.minimuseum.com/blogs/cool-things/the-broom-method

Also I'm late posting again. I have no excuse, only lateness.

*015*2026-02-05 20:26

Part 131

Part 19

“Much better,” sighed Avaris. She’d chosen a comfortable light top in dark red with a low neckline. It didn’t match Avaris’s blue skirt that well, but it made Nyssa glad she’d chosen tight underwear that morning; she’d worn it in case she needed to fly, but May had only wanted to gauge her flight safety knowledge.

Yarrow lived in a restored Limulus model ship. Its sunshade was up, the stiff breeze whistling in its wind grooves.

“I’ll go first,” said Avaris when they came to the overlook dock. Avaris stepped up and knocked on the door while Nyssa stood fidgeting at the bottom of the stairs. When the door opened, Nyssa almost didn’t recognize the slight gull-winged young man who answered.

“Good morning, Miss Avaris,” yawned Yarrow. His hair wasn’t messy, but it wasn’t perfect either, and he wore a Foxfire festival sweater over wrinkled pajama pants. Curiously, it was his hair that he covered when his eyes found Nyssa.

“Nyssa heard you were here and wanted to say hi,” said Avaris, coming to Nyssa’s rescue after a long moment of awkward eye contact. Nyssa waved and Yarrow dropped his hands.

“Hi, Yarrow. I…uh…fixed the flight suit you used,” Nyssa said. Her stomach twisted. “You were right about the zipper. It was stuck.”

“It’s Nyssa today?” asked Yarrow. Nyssa nodded. “Good morning, Nyssa.”

“You’re not using an honorific?” asked Avaris.

Nyssa squirmed. “I um…”

“Nyssa was…very definite about it,” said Yarrow, gaining some composure, but his cheeks were red, too. Despite that, he gave Avaris and Nyssa a smile that looked both genuine and professional. “Do you want to come in? Cy’s up.”

In the living room, Nyssa recognized a familiar blue face. She locked eyes with Cyan, who glared, paused uncertainly, and blinked at her. Cyan looked at Avaris and smiled.

“Good morning, Avi. Or afternoon?” Cyan twisted around to look at the clock. It was ten-thirty. “And…Nyssa.” The longer Nyssa held eye contact with Cyan, the more she found she needed to pee. “Why are your wings different colors?”

“I’m…um…I’m intersex,” said Nyssa. Cyan seemed to have no trouble skipping the small talk, and Avaris and Yarrow seemed used to it. “It’s more common in Andynes than other species, it just usually isn’t this obvious.” She indicated her wings by shrugging them. Nyssa’s brown wing was still slightly grayed out, and she angled it away from the others self-consciously.

Yarrow spoke up. “My mother’s wings are like that too. Hers are just slightly different colors, though.” Cyan turned to him instead, relieving Nyssa of the piercing stare. It made Nyssa feel slightly guilty for calling Yarrow a little twink, even though he was one.

Mercifully, Cyan knew Avaris well, and mainly spoke to her while Yarrow showed them around. Nyssa hung at the back of the group, trying not to look at the bathroom. In the commode on the upper floor, Cyan showed off the fold-out bathtub and informed the group confidently that the bathroom was not a true commode unit, but a custom-build specific to the Limulus. Nyssa tuned her brain out and stepped out onto the “Leisure Deck” for some air.

Nyssa emerged in the cool shade. She had a sweeping view of the Segoe Valley, and noted that this would be a fun place to pee. Having consumed a lot of water in solidarity with Tulip at May’s place, she thought she might be able to let a little out over the side, just to see what it was like. Nyssa discreetly felt at her underwear under her thin skirt and felt a pleasant ripple of anticipation in her gut and groin. In one movement, she could yank aside her underwear and-

“There you are,” said Cyan’s voice. Nyssa scrambled to stop herself letting go and clenched up. She intentionally thought of meeting Avaris at the abandoned dock and felt her cock throb against her briefs.

“You have bluefruit tea?” Avaris asked Yarrow as they joined Cyan and Nyssa on the deck.

“Yeah. I can make some, if you like,” Yarrow offered. “Cy and I haven’t touched it. Cy, want to try some bluefruit tea?” Cyan took a break from glaring at Nyssa to respond in the affirmative.

“What about you, Nyssa?” added Avaris. Nyssa reflexively accepted, regretting it when Yarrow and Avaris bustled away through the door, telling the other two to sit and make themselves comfortable. A small round table with four chairs sat in the middle of the deck, and Cyan sat down, peering at Nyssa expectantly until she took the seat across from them.

“You’re not full Andyne,” Cyan said slowly, their voice barely audible over the breeze. Their expression was unreadable. “Where have I seen you?”

Nyssa’s bladder throbbed nervously. It would probably jog Cyan’s memory if Nyssa were to piss off the side, but…”No, I’m more than half human,” said Nyssa. “My wings shouldn’t even work, but they do.” She hoped that being open and honest would be the best approach with Cyan, and wrestled with how to explain to Cyan how and where they’d met.

“Do you really have…” Cyan jumped when Nyssa looked up quickly. “Two sets of…” Cyan seemed to concentrate. “Genitalia?”

Nyssa sighed, blushing, “I don’t like small talk either, Cyan, but don’t ask if you don’t want to see.”

Cyan shrugged. “I’ve seen them before. I’m just asking if you really have both.” Their face blushed violet.

“What would Yarrow think?” Nyssa’s face heated, and she felt herself strain against her underwear. A drip of moisture cooled in the sheer fabric, and she hoped it wasn’t pee.

“I wasn’t asking to see them again, just if you have both in real life,” said Cyan, leaning back. Nyssa thought they were enjoying her discomfort. It reminded her of herself, she conceded grudgingly. Nyssa nodded, trying furiously to think of a snappy retort when Yarrow and Avaris showed up with tea.

Nyssa furtively angled her chair so that she was partially hidden from Cyan and sipped her tea next to Avaris. Nyssa’s stomach fluttered when she remembered what she and Avaris were doing after Yarrow’s. She crossed her legs in excitement; the bluefruit tea tasted like a mix of orange juice and blueberries, with an added, almost burnt-tasting sweetness. Nyssa could feel it adding to her bladder while they sat, Yarrow telling Avaris about a small animal that followed him around at the shop. It sounded to Nyssa like a throcken pup, small tanuki-like animals with bright gold eyes and curly black and white ringed tails.

Avaris seemed nervous when they all finally stood up half an hour later. Nyssa wasn’t desperate, but the aftereffects of the dagger root shot she’d taken the night before were making her bladder noticeably fuller than usual.

Nyssa didn't need to say anything: Avaris excused herself, saying she needed to get back, and let Nyssa say an awkward good afternoon to Yarrow and Cyan. Yarrow told her to visit next time if he was home, and Cyan gave Nyssa a cool nod, which Nyssa took as a good sign as she and Avaris took their leave.

Instead of setting off for the radio tower, where Avaris had mentioned she'd wanted to test her reflex, she walked briskly toward the shop, her face red to the tips of her pointed ears.

“Did you change your mind?” Nyssa had some trouble keeping up without leaking. Avaris was fast.

“What about?” Avaris puffed.

“Your landing reflex?” Nyssa was slightly breathless herself – Avaris was fast. “I thought you were going to test it?”

Avaris stopped, and Nyssa had to skid to a halt to keep from running into her. The movement jolted Nyssa’s full bladder and she hid a wince. “I thought you didn't…” Avaris’s eyes widened.

“I never said,” said Nyssa. “I need to go too, though.”

The grateful look on Avaris’s face made Nyssa’s heart skip a beat. “Thank Hyachna, I thought I'd have to hold it until we got to Miss May’s ship.” She turned on her heel, brushing past Nyssa’s wing in her hurry. Nyssa followed.

“Where are we going?” Nyssa tried to jog softly to keep up.

Avaris panted, “Somewhere private.”

To Nyssa’s surprise, Avaris led her down a set of stairs to the ground. Nyssa thought Avaris might hop off the stairs, but she didn't stop. Avaris made little moans and grunts as they crossed into what looked like an old orchard. When Nyssa entered the orchard behind her, she spotted the green-haired Andyne woman's target: a plain bench in the middle of a large cleared area. Avaris was practically sprinting for it, and since there was room for it, Nyssa took a running start and stretched her wings. The movement closed off her bladder to any leaks as she lifted off the ground, gliding in a low arc around Avaris to land next to the bench. She overshot it slightly and landed on the opposite side of the bench she’d intended, thumping down on her feet.

Avaris joined Nyssa a few seconds later, and Nyssa waited to help Avaris onto the bench, feeling the landing reflex travel up her legs. Next to her, Avaris hopped off the bench, landing squarely on her feet to activate her landing reflex. She sat on the bench, raising her skirt and splaying her knees, and Nyssa’s stomach did a somersault when she saw that the crotch was cut out of the shorts attached to Avaris’s skirt. Avaris’s labia twitched and loosed a whizzing arc over the leaf-strewn ground. Meanwhile, a hot wet spot spread in Nyssa’s underwear, and she had to tear her eyes away to wrench aside the restricting garment. Nyssa needed two hands to move the strong elastic, and she squatted on the ground with one wing lowered, trying to hide her crotch from view from her right side. Nyssa let go through both of her urethrae, unevenly because her penis was half-hard. It trickled steadily while her pussy released a thunderous torrent into the dirt.

“Fuck,” Nyssa breathed to herself, wedging her hands into the elastic and holding it away from any delicate bits it could chafe against. Nyssa leaned back, using her wings to balance, and looked up to watch Avaris. “You cut the crotch out of your…skirt…shorts?”

“It’s a tennis skirt,” Avaris grunted. “I bought it for exercise a couple years ago, but today is the first day I’ve actually used it.”

“So you cut it out recently?” Nyssa asked.

Avaris shifted to keep her flow going, looking like some fantastical Haman fountain on the bench, Nyssa thought. “I cut it out when I bought it. I was hoping it would encourage me to take longer walks, and then I went to Redwater Falls in the winter.”

“Why a tennis skirt though? Wouldn’t it be easier to wear a skirt without shorts sewn in?” Nyssa finished first, realizing that the only things her wings had hidden were her upper body and face, and Avaris could plainly see her genitals. For a split second, Nyssa was mortified: she was almost fully erect now. When the knee-jerk of embarrassment had passed, Nyssa reminded herself that she’d just been staring at Avaris’s crotch too.

“Because it looks sporty.” Avaris sighed deeply. “It didn’t match the shirt I got it for as well as I’d thought. I’ll have to get another one.” She sat back on the bench, finished. Avaris had left a thin trail to a wide puddle, still soaking into the ground. Nyssa had made a sizable divot in the dirt beneath her, but she’d squatted on a slight incline, and her piss had formed a thin rivulet, running about a meter away into a depression where a tree had possibly once been.

Nyssa glanced up, noticed Avaris looking at her, and wobbled to her feet, easing her damp underwear back into place. “Whew. Well, It does look good.” Nyssa was pleased to see Avaris’s cheeks pinken in the full sunlight. “I know some good clothing shops in Crystal Cove. Are you going to the airship expo with Miss Eneko?”

The two women walked back toward Avaris’s ship. Avaris didn’t bring up what she’d seen, but Nyssa supposed that Avaris had already seen it when they'd first met at the dock, after…

“Yeah. Will the ‘mad robot’ make an appearance, do you think?” Avaris laughed. “I heard Miss May saw them while Pia and I were in the nurses station.”

Nyssa schooled her expression, but felt a blush coming on. “Maybe. I've heard they're just performance artists. They might show up.”

“Is there a campground in Crystal Cove I can take my Limpet to?” asked Avaris. Nyssa shook her head.

“I checked for my parents yesterday, and everywhere is booked solid. I could possibly ask Tulip if you can stay with us that weekend,” Nyssa offered.

“We’re planning on going with Lady Jenkins. She runs an airship parts shop and repair yard in Shell Bay,” said Avaris. “She only has two guest rooms on her ship, so we might need another option.”

“Does that mean she's got a space for her ship?” Nyssa asked.

“Pia told me that Lady pre-books six months in advance,” said Avaris, turning up the ramp to her front door. Nyssa followed her inside.

___

I posted on time! Yay!

*017*2026-02-06 08:06

{{14 minutes ago, Orange Clippy said:

So Cyan remembers the dream? Just want to be sure that I understand it correctly.

}}

Yep. 🙂 Everyone in the dream space can kinda sorta remember it, some better than others.

*018*2026-02-19 23:00

Part 132

Part 20

Azri disembarked from her ship, hefting a bag over her shoulder. She only had two hours until she needed to leave, but she’d be back again that evening to visit her patients and finish anything with May.

Instead of entering the front door of May’s ship, Azri walked around to the back, taking the stairs up to the small deck behind her ship. The kitchen door was unlocked, and Azri found May sitting at the kitchen table, writing in an open binder. She closed it when Azri entered, and Azri saw that it was the guest book.

“More guests in the off-season?” asked Azri, greeting May in the middle of the cool, dim kitchen. They embraced, and Azri neurally felt out her partner. May was tired and stressed, and though she wasn’t aroused, it wouldn’t take much to get her hard. “I think Saoirse said something about that. Is it her friends?”

May nodded. “They should be here by Tuesday. It’ll be nice to have the extra funds before the airship expo.”

Azri had to raise herself on her toes to stick her face between May’s breasts. May’s heart fluttered. “Want to go upstairs? I brought all the ‘prosthetics’ for tomorrow,” said Azri, letting her hands meet behind May’s butt and pushing May’s pelvis into her belly. Something twitched, and Azri smiled up at May.

“We can’t be too loud though,” said May, shutting the door to her room while Azri took the bag to May’s desk. “I have a guest.”

In May’s room, Azri pulled off her t-shirt in a continuous, graceful movement and slung it over the chair. She dropped her shorts next, and pulled a harness from the bag. “You do? Weren’t those boys supposed to have breakfast with you?”

“One um…” May paused to unbutton her dress, and left it on a hanger. “One’s not a boy today. And they’re both older than Pia, Az, not kids.” May approached Azri and looked into the bag. She chose the “prosthetic” she wanted and Azri attached it to the harness.

“Hold on, I need to pee,” said Azri. Before she could move, May picked up the watering can next to her desk and held it out.

“For the plants?” May suggested. Azri nodded, straddled the mouth of the watering can, and let out a short squirt. “Is that it?”

Azri shrugged. “I thought I needed to. Have you been holding it?” Andynes had a way of “hiding” impulses by pushing them to the back if their minds, and Azri knew she was right when May blushed.

“It’s been…I don’t know,” May sighed. “Since yesterday morning? I woke up late today.”

“I didn’t know you pulled up the toilet,” said Saoirse. Pia had completely taken apart Rabb’s bathroom. The toilet was drained and moved to the corner, leaving the valves sticking out of the floor where it had been.

“Why? Can you smell where the vomit is?” asked Pia, hopeful.

Saoirse sniffed the air. The dagger root scent had left her nose, and she found a patch behind the wall under the window and pointed it out to Pia, bending to look at the disconnected toilet. “I was hoping to pee in here.”

“Why not go outside like Rabb’s been doing?” asked Pia, already mixing the odor neutralizer. It combined a powder and a cloudy blue liquid into a substance that applied to surfaces like putty. “When I’m done with this, I can put the toilet back first. It’ll just take a few minutes.”

“I’m retracted, and I just cleaned the deck,” said Saoirse. “I could wait. I think I’ll water the tomatoes though. We completely forgot that.” The odor neutralizer Pia had mixed didn’t smell like anything, but it made Saoirse’s sinuses throb uncomfortably.

Outside, Saoirse could still vaguely smell the “phantom urinator” as she’d come to think of them. From the stairs to the ground, Saoirse could smell that the tomatoes, all of them, had been watered. The distinctive scent of wet earth wasn’t fresh anymore, but still obvious. Saoirse could also smell…

“Avaris?” Pia’s tomatoes were closest. No one had peed on them, but they’d been watered. The smell of Avaris’s urine emanated from the direction of Cyan’s overgrown plant. Saoirse didn’t have to walk over to smell it, and pulled down her pants. She sat carefully on the corner, held up her tail, and let go into Pia’s planter. She breathed deeply, trying to pinpoint when Avaris would’ve come around from the scent. Everything pointed to a couple hours ago.

“When we were in the shower,” said Saoirse out loud. “Oh well.” She pushed on her bladder to finish faster. With the extra time from not having to water the plants with actual water, Saoirse picked another basket of green tomatoes from Cyan’s plant and took her time returning. She thought she smelled Avaris’s urine again on the walk back, along with another person. Before she could identify the scent, the wind shifted and she lost it.

“Harder,” gasped May’s voice somewhere above. Tulip opened his eyes feeling heavy and sleepy, but good. He needed to pee, but not badly enough to get up.

“If I thrust harder, you’ll pee,” said a second voice. It was higher pitched with a hint of an accent Tulip recognized as Amphibious. Tulip’s stomach fluttered. He had to focus to hear the voices, but now that he had, he couldn’t stop himself from hearing them.

“Yeah? So?“ said May. There was a pause, and the second voice gasped.

“May-May, we’re on *your* bed!” the second voice scolded.

“It’s my sheets,” May corrected, moaning. “I’ll wash them.”

May relaxed one wing to smile primly over her shoulder at Azri with a big sigh of relief. The stream drummed on the duvet like a waterfall, moving back and forth as Azri fucked her from behind. “Phew! Now, harder, please.”

“You insist,” laughed Azri, and obliged.

May cried out, and Tulip found himself retreating for the door, unsure of how he’d gotten to his feet so fast. “Harder!” Tulip thought the bathroom would be an escape, and found he could hear May and her partner even better in there. Tulip still needed to pee, and seeing the toilet only made the need more intense. Trying his hardest not to panic, Tulip recalled a place he’d caught May relieving herself on a previous delivery: off her deck.

The kitchen door proved difficult to unlock in a hurry, but Tulip got it. He didn’t have much time to look around, but noted that he was alone, and it was quiet outside. Tulip pulled down his pants just in time to avert wetting them again with an involuntary leak, and scrambled out of one pant leg before he squatted, spraying off the deck through the railing, and reached down to untangle his labia. The spray became a cohesive stream, and Tulip watched it rush toward the ground behind his swollen clitoris.

It was comparable to Bellis’s; Tulip had seen the restaurant owner naked in the fenced-off little garden, screened from the rest of the yard between Helly and Bellis’s house and restaurant by plants and a board in the fence. Bellis seemed to like peeing out there, and Tulip usually saw Helly there with him. Tulip saw things like this sometimes when he used his wings to get around, and he’d made a rule for himself never to speak of the things people did in the privacy of their homes or yards. It was supremely awkward, but also strangely comforting to know Bellis was smaller than him most of the time.

“They’ll never know I saw them,” said Tulip, fingering his swollen clit lightly. He wanted to think of it as his cock, but wasn’t quite there yet. Tulip found himself less sensitive than he’d hoped, thanks to the shot of dagger root the night before. He knew he’d need to pee again soon, also courtesy of the stupid dagger root drink. When he did, he wondered if he should trip his landing reflex; the reflex made Tulip especially randy since he’d started taking his hormones, and he planned on locking himself in his room when he and Nyssa returned home.

“That's if I don't fall asleep, though,” Tulip yawned, lazily stretching his wings while he finished. He sat in the sun for several minutes, hesitant to go back inside.

The kitchen was cool when Tulip entered. He washed his hands in the kitchen sink and returned to the guest room. May and her partner had stopped making so much noise, and all Tulip could hear was an occasional murmur and footsteps. A water fixture susurrated through the pipes. A washing machine, Tulip thought, drifting off as soon as he lay down.

“I couldn’t tell,” said Saoirse, rinsing the green tomatoes.

“You can’t tell what sex they are either?” Rabb asked, sitting back on the couch. Their movie, Casanunda: Stepladders Repaired, played on behind her, neither of them watching. Saoirse could smell that Rabb needed to pee, but the vegetable smell of the tomatoes overpowered it.

Saoirse sighed, set the colander on the draining board, and pulled a bag of flour out of a cabinet. If she was in control of the pancakes, she wanted to start early. “No. It’s like it’s both, but it’s all clearly-“

“Sersh!” Pia called.

“Are you almost done in there?” asked Saoirse. In the fridge, the scapes were slightly wilted. Saoirse decided to cook them.

“I need to make sure the smell is gone before I do that,” said Pia, padding into the living room with protective booties on her shoes. The odor absorber seemed to have dampened some of Pia’s scent, and something about it twisted Saoirse’s stomach. “And don’t worry, I’ll change my clothes when I’m done.”

“How long until you have the toilet back together?” interjected Rabb.

Pia furrowed her grown in thought. “About ten minutes. I have to put everything back in a certain order.”

“You don’t want to go on the deck?” asked Saoirse.

The skin on Rabb’s ears turned pink, and she dithered, “I’d rather not smell the ‘phantom urinator’ again. I’ll go, though. It’s a nice day.”

“Are you going to wait for me, or go now?” asked Saoirse.

Rabb stood up, suppressing a wince when she put weight on her foot. Her medication wouldn’t kick in for about an hour, and she couldn’t hide the bloom of pain in her scent. “I’ll go now. I’m an adult, Saoirse,” she sniffed, and marched carefully toward the back door.

In the bathroom, the odor remover had done its job. Saoirse left the bathroom quickly, and flipped open her phone before joining Rabb. She scrolled in her contacts until she reached the person she thought was most likely to answer their phone. She pushed the call button.

“Hey, Digit. I heard what happened. Can I ask a favor?”

Rabb was glad Saoirse couldn’t see or smell her. She didn’t need to pee that urgently despite the cups of juice, water, and coffee she’d consumed, and leaned on a chair halfway to the railing. Her foot stung from all the walking she’d done that morning.

The sun was warm, and Rabb found that she could slide the deck chair around and hop after it on her good foot. In a few seconds, Rabb had the chair next to the railing. She sat down and scooted closer, pulling up her shirt and holding it there by wrapping her tail around her body. The fur was still puffed out from the stress of that morning, but it didn't interfere.

Rabb pulled down the front of her CRU sweatpants, aiming her pseudopenis in the direction of the tree line with one hand. She pulled herself into a comfortable position, resting her other arm on the railing.

“I’m not an invalid,’ Rabb muttered to herself, grunting when she let go. She’d picked the spot on the deck where the “phantom urinator” had paused and-…Rabb shook her head. She tried to spread the whooshing spray around, hoping to cover the scent. “Who does she think she is. I don’t need a cane like some little old-…Oh, there you are.” Rabb sighed when Saoirse emerged.

“Esteemed cousin,” said Saoirse, twitching her ears at Rabb. “You’re using a chair? Good idea.”

Saoirse helped Rabb back down the stairs into the cabin. Shortly after they sat down, Saoirse’s dumb little flip phone chimed. It was Digitalis. Saoirse texted him one word and slid her phone in her pocket, trying to look casual.

“You connected your phone here?” said Rabb, surprised. “Are you planning to live here or something?”

Saoirse watched Rabb rewinding the movie for a few seconds before she spoke. “Well…I guess this is as good of a time as any to tell you.” Rabb’s cousin turned to her. “Yeah, I am.”

