Chib: Scraps - Page 2

Author: Astraptera

*010*2025-12-25 19:35

Part 128

Part 16

Nyssa woke feeling refreshed in a dry, soft, warm bed. She knew she'd dreamed, but when she opened her eyes, the memory of it was gone. It would be back, Nyssa thought, sitting up and stretching.

The kitchen was empty, as usual at five o'clock on a Saturday morning. Nyssa wasn't sure where Tulip was, but there was no cause to worry yet. Nyssa left the kitchen, eating a piece of toast, and found herself fully dressed and locking the basement backdoor behind her fifteen minutes later.

Outside, the morning was cool and fragrant, and Nyssa set off on the overgrown trail in a good mood. She didn't have any tools today: she wouldn't need them. Nyssa wore an airy white top, shortened nearly into a crop top by the size of her breasts. Her skirt matched, and she felt feminine and sexy in it, even as the brush around her threatened to snag it.

Nyssa approached the final stretch before her first destination, a shallow but wide stream, took a short running start, and glided across. She noticed skid marks from Tulip’s feet near where she landed lightly on the opposite bank - to avoid his landing reflex, Tulip liked to dig his heels into the ground and skid to a stop. It didn't always work, but he did it whenever he landed on grass, gravel, or dirt.

Their airship hovered outside their shed, and Nyssa could see from that distance that the shed was closed and locked.

"Tulip?" Nyssa called, and Tulip stepped around the side of the airship, brush in hand and gray primer smeared across one wing. He wore a t-shirt and ripped jeans, all spattered in colorful drops. Even his dark hair, tied back in a tight ponytail to protect it, hadn't escaped a spray of pink droplets.

"Oh, hey," said Tulip. "You're..." He checked his wristwatch, inadvertently drawing the brush across his cheek. It left a bright blue smear on his face. "Aagh," he exclaimed, pulling his hand away and turning it carefully. "You're...on time." He glanced at the ship where he'd been painting, dismayed.

"What's up, Tulip?" Nyssa asked. His paint job was beautiful, shining wetly in the morning sun. Nyssa could still see the slight dent where Tulip had scraped it on a branch the day before, but the paint was seamless and smooth. Tulip had taken the opportunity to repaint the surface entirely, and the new design was a cavern full of glowing crystals. "It looks great! Is it not done?"

Tulip sighed heavily. "No, it's done. I just thought I'd have time for a shower."

"I can try to get the paint out of your hair and feathers on the way," said Nyssa. "And you do keep a change of clothes in the shed."

Nyssa gathered up the paint supplies while Tulip unlocked the shed and went inside to change his clothes. They had the paints put away, safely separated from their other supplies within five minutes. Nyssa started working on Tulip's feathers on the ship, sitting behind him in a chair once they reached their cruising altitude. The primer on Tulip's feathers was dry and hardened, and Nyssa tried hand soap and water, leaving it on the feathers while she picked the paint flecks out of Tulip's hair.

By the time Tulip began their descent over Segoe, Nyssa was nauseous from focusing for so long on the hardened blob of primer in the moving airship. Nyssa sat down heavily in the passenger seat, causing the small craft to pull to her side for a few seconds. Tulip didn't glare at Nyssa for it, but Nyssa said, "Sorry!"

Nyssa watched their descent over the dockyard, recognizing the boat-shaped Renoige airship closest to the shop. She didn't know where she'd seen it, but it made her check how full her bladder was. Having used most of their bottled water on Tulip's feathers, she didn't need to go and found that her throat was dry.

"Where did Miss May say we should meet her again? At the shop?" Nyssa asked tentatively. Tulip had called May the day before, and they'd agreed to meet for breakfast and discuss flight lessons.

"At her airship," said Tulip, pointing at a large metal-plated Andyne airship. His hand was shaking, and Nyssa felt bad for pulling on his feathers for so long. The dried mass hadn't budged. "Nis, can you open the door as soon as we land?"

Nyssa sat up. Tulip made requests like this sometimes. "Of course. And it's Nyssa today."

Tulip nodded tersely, and Nyssa thought she recognized what was wrong: Tulip was hung over from the dagger root the night before, even though to Nyssa’s knowledge, he’d only taken one shot of the stuff. Nyssa cursed herself internally for wasting all that water on the immobile paint blob.

Nyssa watched the Renoige airship pass below them from her spot at the door, and thought she could see the outline of a large puddle. The memory flowed seamlessly back, and she felt herself blush, but didn't say anything.

Tulip threw the ship into park when they reached hover height and jumped out, pulling down his pants. Nyssa closed the airship's side door and approached her friend. Tulip's pants were wet, and he released a whizzing stream with a groan. Nyssa didn't watch, but looked around in case she needed to screen Tulip with her wings, glancing guiltily toward the Renoige airship.

"You're a bit early," said a voice, and Nyssa reflexively scooted between Tulip and the newcomer: a tall Andyne woman with striking blue and tan peacock wings, dusky blue hair, and a freckled summer tan strode over to them behind the shop, wearing a light jacket over her pajamas. It was Ms. Eneko, or May, as Tulip called her, and she looked concerned. She stopped short of Nyssa's wing and didn't try to peer at Tulip over it. "Good morning, Nis."

"It's Nyssa today, but Nis is alright too," Nyssa said, stepping forward and keeping her wing outstretched to screen Tulip. Nyssa didn't know whether he was still peeing, but she could hear him groaning. Nyssa briefly touched palms with May and glanced at Tulip. He stood up shakily, pulling up his pants. The wet spot in the crotch stood out, and May winced when she saw him.

"Dagger root intolerance?" May asked sympathetically. "Come with me."

Nyssa and Tulip followed May around the side of the building toward Rabb's airship. They passed closely enough to see the words, "Nilbog Amphibious Airship Rentals," in hand-high letters on the bow. Nyssa hurried Tulip along gently.

Tulip threw up just inside the shop's front door.

Pia stretched on her bed next to Saoirse. The morning was cool and misty with a pleasant chill after the hot, stuffy night. Pia smelled sweat and decided to wash her sheets that day.

Saoirse shifted, and her tail curled around her leg. She opened her eyes and smiled sleepily at Pia.

"I think I need to water the tomatoes," Pia yawned aloud.

"I know," Saoirse grunted, stretching. She'd used the toilet when she'd gotten up to cool off during the night, running cool water over her face and body in a futile effort not to sweat all over Pia. She tried to give Pia a sexy look and bonked the back of her head on the headboard. "Use me instead," she said, regaining her composure.

Both women were naked, which made Pia's decision easy: she was well-hydrated from the day before. Pia sat up and threw one leg over Saoirse, whose tail flicked contentedly. While Pia settled on top of her partner, a shadow in the window caught her eye. The upper deck of Pia's ship had one-way screen blinds on the windows, and Pia's eyes tracked the unaccountably familiar silhouette until its path dipped behind May's shop.

"Weekend guests?" Pia said to herself. She tried to pee and found herself hesitating despite how badly she needed to go. Pia looked away after the ship disappeared and turned to Saoirse.

"Yeah, May's giving some...kid?...flight safety lessons. Remember?" asked Saoirse, stretching between Pia's legs.

"Today?" said Pia. She wanted to pee and get her sheets in the wash, and wiggled her hips to try to stimulate herself.

Saoirse lay back. "Yeah. She told us yesterday when she was over with Azri, remember?"

Pia shrugged and let out a brief flood of hot urine over Saoirse's torso. Saoirse moved underneath Pia, soaking up the heat. Pia tried to let out another gush and had to push on her bladder to get any out. After a few tries, Pia leaned forward and rested on Saoirse. Pia pressed her breasts into Saoirse's clavicles, and the cat-eared woman lightly seized them with a quiet, "Ooh!"

"Can I help?" Saoirse asked.

"If you like. It'll just take a sec-" Pia jumped when Saoirse reached awkwardly around Pia's thigh and softly probed with her fingers. Saoirse was still feeling her way up Pia's inner thigh when Pia let go and sat up.

Pia raised herself slightly to try for a stream and achieved a half-hearted gush while most of her urine ran down her legs. The heat felt good in the cool room. "That was the most inefficient way you could've done that," snorted Pia while Saoirse gave up reaching around and rested her hands on Pia's thighs.

Saoirse laughed through a yawn. "Yeah, I know. What were we doing today?"

"Lunch with Rabb after I take apart her bathroom," sighed Pia. "You promised you'd help me find the puke smell in there." Pia's flow paused, and she sat back.

"I did," said Saoirse. "Rabb says she needs my help with something, and she's bribing me with desserts."

Pia finished, used a dry part of the blanket to blot away the rest, and shifted off of Saoirse, standing up in one long movement. The puddle around Saoirse was smaller than Pia thought it would be.

"You do realize you'll have to save up to water the tomatoes now." Saoirse sat up and stretched. They pulled the sheets off the bed, and Saoirse wiped down the mattress while Pia hauled the soiled sheets downstairs. The two took their time in the shower after, washing each other's hair at Saoirse's suggestion and talking about what they wanted for breakfast.

"What does Rabb need help with?" Pia asked fifteen minutes later, crossing the dockyard. They'd dressed, eaten breakfast pastries, and headed for May's shop, where Pia kept her toolkit.

"Someone pissed all over her deck yesterday before she got up, and she almost slipped and fell in it," said Saoirse. "I don't know how she thinks I can help, but she's making dolce to bribe me into it, so I'm not complaining."

"Wouldn't you know who did it if you recognized their smell?" asked Pia.

Saoirse shrugged. "Rabb would've recognized the scent if she knew them. I guess she thinks I might."

"Did she tell Miss May?" Pia asked.

"She called Mayra when she found it," said Saoirse. "Rabb asked her to keep it quiet, just in case."

They reached the stairs leading down to the shop's entrance. Pia noticed that the front door was ajar. Beside Pia, Saoirse sniffed the air and wrinkled her nose.

"In case of...what?" Pia asked. "What is it, Sersh?"

"Dagger root drink vomit," Saoirse gulped, paling slightly. "Can I meet you at Rabb's place? I'll start coffee, and we can wait a bit on cleaning the bathroom." Saoirse left, visibly uncomfortable. Pia knew the smell of dagger root drinks and vomit from her work in catering. She knew they were worse mixed, but she couldn't smell either at the moment. Pia approached the door apprehensively, hearing voices within.

___

I almost decided to wait to weeks to post this, but it's Christmas and I *was* supposed to post 15.5 last week. I do have a buffer of chapters, but I'd better get writing. I got stuck for about two months on 1-2 chapters. Also Nyssa is femme here, as I mentioned on the previous chapter.

*012*2026-01-09 18:18

Part 129

Part 17

Yarrow stretched in bed next to Cyan. Cyan's body was warm, and since they were bigger than Yarrow - minus the wings, of course - there was more to hug in the cool bedroom. "You'd be willing to do that?" he yawned.

Cyan nodded, yawning. Yarrow's stomach gurgled, and Cyan sat up. Yarrow followed suit, stretching and trying not to move stiffly. He thought he did a good job, but Cyan noticed.

"Are you okay?" asked Cyan.

"Just sore from yesterday." Yarrow's bladder bulged, and he wasn't looking forward to getting up with his sore muscles. "I'll feel better after I do some stretches."

"Should I draw you a bath?" Cyan stood up, stretching. Since Cyan was under strict instructions not to strain themself, Yarrow was the one who'd done most of the moving. Cyan's body wasn't stiff, and Yarrow enjoyed staring at it sleepily until Cyan repeated the question. "Yarrow? Should I draw you a bath?"

"A bath?" Yarrow blinked. "Where?"

"In the upstairs bathroom," said Cyan, blushing a bit. "It's...this model might not have that feature. Let me check." Cyan stood up and Yarrow watched their butt as they padded to the bathroom, admiring how round it was, until they disappeared into the commode. "Yes!" Yarrow heard a click and some suspicious clattering. He sat up and had to pause to stretch his neck. Yarrow thought he heard his knees creak as he wobbled to his feet and approached. A large amount of water gushed somewhere in the small bathroom. Yarrow almost let go of his bladder in surprise, but caught himself when it stopped. A line of off-white interlocking panels blocked off the far half of the small the bathroom at waist height, forming a bathtub around the toilet. Yarrow almost peed again when he realized the toilet was submerged. The faucet stopped, and Cyan turned around.

"It's a...bathtub?" Yarrow tried and failed to suppress a yawn while he pressed his legs together. "But this is a commode. And the toilet's in there."

"It seals," said Cyan excitedly. "It acts as a chair, and the bathtub drains through the bottom." Cyan splashed in the water, testing the temperature with their hands. “And this room isn't a true airship commode, but it's made to fit one." Both Yarrow and Cyan were naked. It occurred to Yarrow that he could relieve himself from the upstairs "leisure deck," but he knew that May was expecting guests, didn't want to get urine down the side of his new home, and didn't want to be seen if anyone else was up. Yarrow hesitated nervously, hopping on the balls of his feet while he weighed his options.

"Here," said Cyan, clasping Yarrow's hips gently and pulling him through the doorway to the sink, leaning backward over the tub to make room for Yarrow's wings. The hot water was already warming the room. The sound of the faucet made Yarrow overflow, and he hastily pushed his hips into the sink, but he was safely firing toward the drain. Cyan leaned over and let out a fast blue stream, standing perpendicular to Yarrow and turning on the sink.

"Thanks," Yarrow sighed. "So I have a bathtub?"

Cyan nodded enthusiastically. "Yes. I've always thought they should've advertised it. They tried it on a limited run of Limnulus models, and then never again. Most people don't know this, but most of the Haman airships that look like molluscs were first designed by an Andyne."

Sore and shaky, half-asleep, and pissing in the sink, Yarrow's comprehension skills weren't the best. "I...how do you know that?"

Cyan blinked hard. "I don't know. Can I check it on your laptop? Maybe while I make food?"

Yarrow took a deep breath, trying to wake himself. Food sounded good, but he still wasn't sure how he felt about Cyan using the stove without him there.

"Which of the leftovers did you want in the fridge?" Cyan asked, switching off the faucet in the tub. "Don't look so horrified. I was careful with the stove yesterday!" They'd already finished and stood patiently, half-sitting on the side of the bathtub. Yarrow blushed and tried to pee faster.

"You were," said Yarrow, pulling himself back into the conversation. The two had used the ingredients that Miss Avaris, Miss Pia, and Saoirse had brought to make several different dishes, and they had a small variety of leftovers to choose from. "I'm sorry. Curry and orange rice?"

Cyan stayed to help Yarrow into the tub after rinsing out the sink, and didn't bother getting dressed before they trotted downstairs.

"I'm so glad you're here," said Rabb. The look on her face was calm, but Saoirse could smell that she wasn't, even mingled with the lingering tang of dagger root vomit sticking in Saoirse's nose. Rabb let Saoirse in and led her to the kitchen. "It's the same person as last time. I'm sure of it."

Saoirse took a quick detour to sniff the coffee grinder on the counter. She'd smelled the urine from a distance, but the acrid tang of the dagger root vomit in Saoirse's nose partially drowned it out. Saoirse hoped the coffee would mitigate it. It smelled good, but the offending scent persisted stubbornly.

"Is it still on the deck?" asked Saoirse.

Rabb nodded, frowning. "You should take a look. It has to be an Andyne. I've known some Renoige who could make the jump from the boardwalk to my deck, but a Renoige wouldn't do that."

Saoirse reached the door to the deck and looked out. The sky was clear, and the deck sat in the blazing morning sun. One large puddle stood out in the middle of the deck. Saoirse opened the door for a better look.

On the deck, a deck chair sat facing the widest open area, and Saoirse could smell that whoever had left the pale yellow puddle had done it from there. The other puddles sat in a trail circling along the railing.

"There's so much," Saoirse observed. Rabb hobbled over the dry areas and sat in a deck chair that had escaped the phantom urinator. Saoirse almost asked Rabb if this could've been two people, but she could tell from only a cursory sniff that it was one person. She ignored the smell of dagger root in her nose. Whoever had left the mess, their scent smelled mixed. "Almost like Cyan's?" Saoirse mumbled aloud.

"It wasn't Cyan," Rabb piped up. "I've already seen him-...I mean, they peed outside with me the day before yesterday. I know their scent, and besides, Cy's urine is blue."

Rabb followed the trail of puddles along the railing, nodding while she concentrated. "Yeah." The trail of urine paused at the halfway point. "Did they just...pee while they walked?" Saoirse tucked the idea away for discussion with Pia later. "They stopped here and..." Saoirse glanced at Rabb, who nodded, wrinkling her nose. "How are your locks?"

"I had Ms. Eneko look at them yesterday. They weren't tampered with this morning, either," said Rabb. "And if they'd entered that way, I would've noticed. I fell asleep on the couch last night."

"I told you the new Casanunda miniseries was boring," Saoirse said, sniffing the air. "Surely you would've heard them land if they were Andyne."

"It's Rabb, not Shirley," yawned Rabb. "Are you disagreeing?"

"Nope," Saoirse said, confident. "There's a definite Andyne...ness to it. I'd know more if it were fresher."

"I'll call you if it happens again," said Rabb. Saoirse felt she couldn't get more information from the scent, especially with the dagger root vomit smell still sticking in her nose. Rabb retreated indoors to make coffee while Saoirse thoroughly rinsed down the deck and affected furniture with the garden hose.

While Saoirse used a wide broom she found on deck to push the last of the water over the sides, she noticed a group of people exiting the shop: three with wings, one without.

"That's Saoirse, my girlfriend," said Pia, waving to the cat-eared woman standing on Ms. Sylls's deck. May waved too, and Saoirse returned it. Nyssa waved shyly, and Tulip flapped his hand half-heartedly. After twenty minutes sitting down and half a bottle of water, Tulip felt better, but confessed that he'd been up all night, trying an additional two shots of dagger root with his sister while they talked to see if he’d like them more. He hadn’t. Pia parted ways with May and her guests at the boardwalk.

The walk to May's ship was awkwardly silent. May wasn't particularly inclined to small talk, but if she was going to teach Nyssa, she thought she should know about her.

"So you two are...friends?" May asked, leading the two friends around the back of her ship.

"Best friends," Tulip agreed palely.

"How did you two meet?"

"We met on our first day at George Avocados Elementary," said Nyssa. They reached the stairs and ascended to the deck.

"It's Avocados," Tulip corrected Nyssa's pronunciation.

Nyssa giggled, "I know."

"Do you do much flying, Nyssa?" May opened her door and let her guests inside. The smell of fried sandwiches made May's stomach growl.

"I do sometimes," said Nyssa. Nyssa told May about her experience while they ate: she could glide without having to exercise her wings regularly like Anth and part-Andynes with semi-functional wings, and she could fly moderate distances.

"Are your clothes today alright for flying?" asked May.

Nyssa blushed. She'd seemed nervous about something since May had met her with Tulip outside her shop. "Not really. I just got measured for a flight suit yesterday, but that won't be ready until next week."

"I see," said May. "Would you mind if we started with basic flight exercises? We'll adjust the training to your level after, but the basics are always worth practicing."

"And you um...you don't want payment?" asked Nyssa.

May shook her head. "Just food. Tulip and I agreed on that. From Hyachna's Shins, right?"

Tulip jumped. "How do you know?"

"Your sister works there," said May, and bit into her sandwich. "I thought you were her the first time you delivered something to me. You don't look that alike, but you have the same eyes and almost the same feather patterns."

Nyssa had been taking a drink of her water and continued while exchanging a look with Tulip.

"I...uh...Yeah. They give me a family discount," said Tulip, abashed.

"I'd hope so," said May. "I'll try my guest on the radio again. She might be up by now." May rose from the table and walked over to the living room radio console. She didn't use it often, but kept it in working order.

May had tried calling Avaris from the shop when she saw the hardened paint in Tulip's feathers, but Avaris was either asleep or out. Probably out, May thought, picking up the receiver.

While May waited for her guest to pick up, Nyssa nudged Tulip.

"How're you feeling, T?" Nyssa asked, taking another sandwich from the stack in the middle of the table. "Want me to pilot on the way home? You can nap."

"I might take you up on that. We'll see," said Tulip.

"Could you?" May said in the living room. "That would be perfect...It's airship paint primer, so the sooner the better...Thanks. See you in a few minutes."

Nyssa and Tulip exchanged a glance. May rejoined them at the table.

"Good news, my guest has what we need," May informed Nyssa and Tulip. "She's bringing it over now."

At eight-twenty that morning, Avaris stepped out of her front door in her comfy tennis shoes. Azri had told her to exercise more, and she needed to find a new route for a walk: Yarrow had parked his ship at the overlook. Avaris wasn't quite desperate to pee yet, but she'd brought her thermos with her and sipped spiced cider from it on her way down the boardwalk.

Avaris wore a modified light blue tennis skirt, and the cold, slippery fabric amplified the morning chill. Her top was a lacy aquamarine camisole that matched the color of her shoes and the lighter streaks in her mint green hair. It wasn't as appropriate for morning exercise as the tennis skirt, and the lace was itchy in places, but she didn't like how any of her t-shirts looked with the skirt.

A left turn brought Avaris deeper into the grid of walkways, and she took another left toward the radio tower. She'd done her kegel exercises there the day before, and it wasn't as fun to pee there as the overlook. Cyan had told her about a path to the rock formation in the old orchard, rising gently over the trees.

Avaris found the mouth of the path while Tulip and Nyssa passed overhead to land next to the shop.

___

A day late again. I was tempted to just wait until next week, and if I get past part 20 on here without writing much progress I may take a break. Apparently this doesn't format with my tablet either. Lame. The lack of formatting needs a cape too because it's super lame.

*013*2026-01-24 20:13

Part 130

Part 18

Avaris plodded down the overgrown trail, waving a branch awkwardly in front of her after walking through multiple spiderwebs. When she emerged onto the gently-sloping rock formation, she was sweaty and covered in webs, leaves, and sticky plant pods.

“Ugh, that took forfreakingever,” Avaris sighed to herself, enjoying the whipping breeze. The trail had wound around the old orchard in possibly the longest, most grueling route possible. It had taken nearly twenty minutes, and she contemplated having her morning pee on the rock formation and walking back. Her thermos was empty, and holding her bladder was beginning to take up more of her concentration, but she wasn’t desperate yet.

It would help tip the landing reflex if she waited, Avaris told herself, eyeing a short trail leading to the radio tower. That trail was even more overgrown than the last, and a full, shiny spider web sparkled across the entrance. Avaris frowned at it and turned back the way she’d come, tossing away the branch she’d been using. The path was much longer, but easier. Avaris cut through the orchard, passing a clearing containing a bench. She considered stepping up on the bench, but kept walking. Avaris had a specific set of stairs in mind.

Avaris’s heart skipped a beat when she spotted the stairs to the boardwalk past the trees. If she had to, she could simply pee off it, she told herself, clenching as she stepped up. No one was around, and when she came to a fork in the path, she realized that the left fork would take her to Pia’s Silverling. She could see both Pia’s ship and the tower from where she stood, and noticed a hint of green, peeking up over the metallic hull of Pia’s ship. It was closer than the radio tower.

“She’s been forgetting to water the tomatoes lately,” Avaris said to herself, changing course. She had to stop one walkway from the stairs, using all of her concentration and tightening her Kegel muscles. Instead of pressing her legs together, she kept them apart, letting the first reluctant leak squirt onto the planks.

“Come on, not much further,” Avaris groaned to herself. Cyan’s overgrown tomato plant was more visible than ever and she forced herself to keep walking until she reached the top of the stairs.

Avaris half-wanted to use her wings and hop to the ground from the top step, but didn’t want to deal with the fatigue from that again, even with a brief landing reflex. Taking a deep breath, Avaris stepped down toward it softly. She didn’t slow when she heard another hiss and drip between her feet on the fourth stair up.

Avaris lost her patience on the third step from the ground and hopped off, landing deliberately hard on her feet. The soft soles of her shoes lessened the impact, but it worked. As the impulse traveled up her legs, Avaris’s leaks paused, and she took advantage of that to rush to Cyan’s tomato plant without dripping on her new shoes.

The windows in the airship above were dark. Avaris watched them while the reflex tingled up her thighs and lifted her tennis skirt. Her pussy quivered in the cool air: Avaris had modified her tennis skirt by cutting the crotch out of the attached shorts underneath.

The reflex reached Avaris’s butt, and her body shivered and let go. She spread her legs wider and couldn’t quite suppress a moan, glancing back up at the windows. She could hear the shower inside over her own rushing stream and sighed.

“I wouldn’t mind them watching,” Avaris mumbled to herself. “Or the pink lady.” She blushed. She couldn’t even remember their name. Avaris felt the landing reflex resolve and looked forward to what came after while she relaxed in a deep squat, trying to keep from dripping on her skirt or new shoes.

Avaris watered both Pia’s and Cyan’s tomatoes after that with the watering can, half-hoping Pia and Saoirse might emerge, but the shower was still running when she left. Her groin warmed in anticipation under her skirt, progressing to a pleasant throb when she reached her airship. Avaris opened the door, eager to take off her itchy, sweaty tank top.

The radio’s call chime rang as she crossed the threshold. It was May, and one of her guests needed help. It was urgent, but not a life-threatening emergency. Avaris agreed to it, promising herself it would be quick. All she had to do was bring May some feather conditioner. After that, she could masturbate on the way back, on that bench in the orchard. Almost smugly satisfied with her improvisation skills, Avaris changed her shirt, selected two small tubs of feather conditioner, and left her ship for May’s.

Tulip dozed at the table while Nyssa stood washing dishes at the sink. The surface of the table was cool, and when the knock came, it made Tulip jump. May was downstairs in her ship’s cargo hold, looking for her catalogue of airship paints and primers.

“I’ll get it,” said Nyssa. Tulip gave her a thumbs up and tried to relax his wings.

Nyssa hesitated at the door. It lasted five seconds, then ten. Tulip sat up and sipped his water. Nyssa stood frozen, staring out the thin blind at the green-haired Andyne woman on the other side.

“That’s Avaris,” Tulip yawned. “She doesn’t bite.” Nyssa blinked at Tulip, but opened the door.

“Yep, like the tree,” Avaris said brightly, blushing. “Hi, Nis! And Tulip?...You know each other?” In that pause Tulip thought he heard the unspoken words: “You look awful.”

“We’re childhood friends,” Nyssa said quickly, with a shyness that made Tulip look up. “I live in his basement. Where’s um…Pia?” Tulip knew Pia too, and had delivered to her when May was out or busy.

“She’s helping out one of the other guests this morning,” said Avaris. “Your feathers could use some conditioning, Nis, but I don’t see any paint.”

Nyssa’s blush brightened. “It’s…uh…”

“She’s going by Nyssa today,” said Tulip, stretching. “I’m the one with primer stuck in my feathers.” Tulip twisted briefly to show her the slowly drying gray blob. “Miss Eneko is downstairs looking for her paint catalogue, in case we need something stronger.”

Avaris pulled up a chair and Tulip let her prod his wing gently. “I hope we don’t, or you might be better off cutting them. Do you keep your old feathers?”

Tulip’s stomach threatened to lurch and he took a drink of water. “I keep them, yeah. I really hope I don’t have to imp, though.”

Avaris prised at the edges of the splotch with her fingers. “Have you been working at this? It feels loose.”

“I have,” said Nyssa. Nyssa was back in her seat, hands folded in her lap in a way that Tulip recognized. Her face was deeper pink than her hair, and she stared at a wad of cloth hidden in Avaris’s feathers. Tulip stared at it too. He knew what it was, and his stomach twisted. “I worked at it on the way here with soap and water.”

“You didn’t tell me you used soap too,” said May, appearing in the stairwell. She held a thin binder under one arm. “Thanks for coming, Avaris.”

Tulip fell asleep while Avaris slowly loosened the paint from his feathers.

“Done! You did a good job loosening it, Nyssa,” said Avaris approvingly. At the sink, Nyssa glanced over her shoulder. Facing away from Avaris helped, so Nyssa had collected more dishes to wash. She couldn’t always remember the strange shared dream space, but the memory of Avaris in the pretty red dress was so clear it made Nyssa’s heart race.

“I’ll put this away, then,” said May, relieved. “I’ll want Tulip to try gliding before you two leave, just to make sure he’s okay to fly,” she told Nyssa. Nyssa nodded, setting the last dish in the drying rack. She glanced around for more dishes to wash while May’s wings disappeared in the stairwell, leaving Nyssa alone with Avaris while Tulip snored at the table.

“Want me to condition your feathers, Nyssa?” Avaris asked. Nyssa thought Avaris was blushing, but it was hard to tell with her skin tone. “Tulip’s wings aren’t going to take long, and yours could use it. Have you been dyeing them?”

Nyssa’s face was already hot, and it heated more. “Uh…Shi-…” Nyssa stopped and took a deep breath. “I don’t exactly take the best care of them. If Tulip were awake right now, he’d give us his favorite lecture on feather maintenance.”

Avaris finished Tulip’s feathers before May returned and suggested that Tulip might want to nap on the couch or guest bedroom.

“There’s enough room for a person in there again. Yarrow’s cleared most of the papers out,” said May, nudging Tulip’s shoulder. May showed Tulip to the guest bedroom and started a new pot of coffee when she returned before excusing herself to make a radio call upstairs.

“How is Yarrow?” Nyssa asked awkwardly, glad she was safely angled away from Avaris. “He really works here now?”

“Yeah. He’s getting used to being off the Homeworld.” Avaris paused to sip her coffee. “Saoirse told me we made him cry when we brought stuff over for his new ship. I think that’s an exaggeration, but he needed to lie down.”

“Is the Homeworld really that bad? I’ve never been there,” said Nyssa. “One of my moms has told me stories though.”

“It’s not bad, it’s just…” Nyssa listened to Avaris talk about the Homeworld. She was too aware of Avaris touching her to process most of what either of them said. When May returned, Nyssa straightened her back and folded her hands in her lap.

“How long were you two planning to be here, Nyssa?” May asked. “Tulip never told me whether you needed to be anywhere.”

Nyssa gulped. “We didn’t have anything planned.”

“Good,” May sighed, nodding. “My girlfriend is visiting later, but Tulip’s fine napping as long as he needs. I just want to make sure his feathers are okay before you two leave.”

Nyssa nodded. “Is there anything I can do until then?”

“Want to go visit Yarrow?” Avaris suggested.

Nyssa tried not to squirm. “I wouldn’t know where to find him.”

“I’ll take you,” said Avaris. She paused for another sip of coffee. “I’m free today.”

“I’ll walk with you two to the shop,” May interjected. “I need to check the messages on the radio.”

That was how Nyssa found herself walking across the eerily familiar dockyard between Avaris and May. They’d left a note for Tulip just in case, and May didn’t plan to be gone for long. It was painfully obvious that May had noticed Nyssa’s reaction to Avaris, and Nyssa felt like she was under a microscope. It made her need to pee. It made more sense for her to ask at the shop, but she could practically feel May judging her.

“Yarrow says he can forward my voicemail to my airship, so I don’t have to come all the way down here to get my messages,” May said to Avaris.

They parted ways at the stairs to the shop.

“If him and Cy are busy, I’ll just show you around if you like,” said Avaris. In the patchy sunlight, her cheeks were pink. “There’s just one catch. If you mind it, I’ll walk you back to May’s ship directly and stay a while for coffee.”

“What’s the catch?” Nyssa asked slowly. Avaris sighed contentedly, enjoying the sun in her sporty blue outfit and almost matching tennis shoes. Her t-shirt matched her blue tennis skirt well, but she couldn’t seem to stop tugging at the tight collar. “Do you need to stop and change your shirt?”

Avaris’s blush darkened, making it more visible on her face. “I’m testing my landing reflex in these shoes today,” she said. “But now that you mention it, would you mind stopping so I can change? My ship is on the way to Yarrow’s.”

___

I've actually done the waving a stick around to clear spider webs thing. It looks silly but you get somewhat fewer spiders on your face - it's possible that they might get on the stick and crawl onto your face anyway. It's also weirdly similar to a method used to find invisible hydrogen fires by people making rockets in the 1970s: https://shop.minimuseum.com/blogs/cool-things/the-broom-method

Also I'm late posting again. I have no excuse, only lateness.

*015*2026-02-05 20:26

Part 131

Part 19

“Much better,” sighed Avaris. She’d chosen a comfortable light top in dark red with a low neckline. It didn’t match Avaris’s blue skirt that well, but it made Nyssa glad she’d chosen tight underwear that morning; she’d worn it in case she needed to fly, but May had only wanted to gauge her flight safety knowledge.

Yarrow lived in a restored Limulus model ship. Its sunshade was up, the stiff breeze whistling in its wind grooves.

“I’ll go first,” said Avaris when they came to the overlook dock. Avaris stepped up and knocked on the door while Nyssa stood fidgeting at the bottom of the stairs. When the door opened, Nyssa almost didn’t recognize the slight gull-winged young man who answered.

“Good morning, Miss Avaris,” yawned Yarrow. His hair wasn’t messy, but it wasn’t perfect either, and he wore a Foxfire festival sweater over wrinkled pajama pants. Curiously, it was his hair that he covered when his eyes found Nyssa.

“Nyssa heard you were here and wanted to say hi,” said Avaris, coming to Nyssa’s rescue after a long moment of awkward eye contact. Nyssa waved and Yarrow dropped his hands.

“Hi, Yarrow. I…uh…fixed the flight suit you used,” Nyssa said. Her stomach twisted. “You were right about the zipper. It was stuck.”

“It’s Nyssa today?” asked Yarrow. Nyssa nodded. “Good morning, Nyssa.”

“You’re not using an honorific?” asked Avaris.

Nyssa squirmed. “I um…”

“Nyssa was…very definite about it,” said Yarrow, gaining some composure, but his cheeks were red, too. Despite that, he gave Avaris and Nyssa a smile that looked both genuine and professional. “Do you want to come in? Cy’s up.”

In the living room, Nyssa recognized a familiar blue face. She locked eyes with Cyan, who glared, paused uncertainly, and blinked at her. Cyan looked at Avaris and smiled.

“Good morning, Avi. Or afternoon?” Cyan twisted around to look at the clock. It was ten-thirty. “And…Nyssa.” The longer Nyssa held eye contact with Cyan, the more she found she needed to pee. “Why are your wings different colors?”

“I’m…um…I’m intersex,” said Nyssa. Cyan seemed to have no trouble skipping the small talk, and Avaris and Yarrow seemed used to it. “It’s more common in Andynes than other species, it just usually isn’t this obvious.” She indicated her wings by shrugging them. Nyssa’s brown wing was still slightly grayed out, and she angled it away from the others self-consciously.

Yarrow spoke up. “My mother’s wings are like that too. Hers are just slightly different colors, though.” Cyan turned to him instead, relieving Nyssa of the piercing stare. It made Nyssa feel slightly guilty for calling Yarrow a little twink, even though he was one.

Mercifully, Cyan knew Avaris well, and mainly spoke to her while Yarrow showed them around. Nyssa hung at the back of the group, trying not to look at the bathroom. In the commode on the upper floor, Cyan showed off the fold-out bathtub and informed the group confidently that the bathroom was not a true commode unit, but a custom-build specific to the Limulus. Nyssa tuned her brain out and stepped out onto the “Leisure Deck” for some air.

Nyssa emerged in the cool shade. She had a sweeping view of the Segoe Valley, and noted that this would be a fun place to pee. Having consumed a lot of water in solidarity with Tulip at May’s place, she thought she might be able to let a little out over the side, just to see what it was like. Nyssa discreetly felt at her underwear under her thin skirt and felt a pleasant ripple of anticipation in her gut and groin. In one movement, she could yank aside her underwear and-

“There you are,” said Cyan’s voice. Nyssa scrambled to stop herself letting go and clenched up. She intentionally thought of meeting Avaris at the abandoned dock and felt her cock throb against her briefs.

“You have bluefruit tea?” Avaris asked Yarrow as they joined Cyan and Nyssa on the deck.

“Yeah. I can make some, if you like,” Yarrow offered. “Cy and I haven’t touched it. Cy, want to try some bluefruit tea?” Cyan took a break from glaring at Nyssa to respond in the affirmative.

“What about you, Nyssa?” added Avaris. Nyssa reflexively accepted, regretting it when Yarrow and Avaris bustled away through the door, telling the other two to sit and make themselves comfortable. A small round table with four chairs sat in the middle of the deck, and Cyan sat down, peering at Nyssa expectantly until she took the seat across from them.

“You’re not full Andyne,” Cyan said slowly, their voice barely audible over the breeze. Their expression was unreadable. “Where have I seen you?”

Nyssa’s bladder throbbed nervously. It would probably jog Cyan’s memory if Nyssa were to piss off the side, but…”No, I’m more than half human,” said Nyssa. “My wings shouldn’t even work, but they do.” She hoped that being open and honest would be the best approach with Cyan, and wrestled with how to explain to Cyan how and where they’d met.

“Do you really have…” Cyan jumped when Nyssa looked up quickly. “Two sets of…” Cyan seemed to concentrate. “Genitalia?”

Nyssa sighed, blushing, “I don’t like small talk either, Cyan, but don’t ask if you don’t want to see.”

Cyan shrugged. “I’ve seen them before. I’m just asking if you really have both.” Their face blushed violet.

“What would Yarrow think?” Nyssa’s face heated, and she felt herself strain against her underwear. A drip of moisture cooled in the sheer fabric, and she hoped it wasn’t pee.

“I wasn’t asking to see them again, just if you have both in real life,” said Cyan, leaning back. Nyssa thought they were enjoying her discomfort. It reminded her of herself, she conceded grudgingly. Nyssa nodded, trying furiously to think of a snappy retort when Yarrow and Avaris showed up with tea.

Nyssa furtively angled her chair so that she was partially hidden from Cyan and sipped her tea next to Avaris. Nyssa’s stomach fluttered when she remembered what she and Avaris were doing after Yarrow’s. She crossed her legs in excitement; the bluefruit tea tasted like a mix of orange juice and blueberries, with an added, almost burnt-tasting sweetness. Nyssa could feel it adding to her bladder while they sat, Yarrow telling Avaris about a small animal that followed him around at the shop. It sounded to Nyssa like a throcken pup, small tanuki-like animals with bright gold eyes and curly black and white ringed tails.

Avaris seemed nervous when they all finally stood up half an hour later. Nyssa wasn’t desperate, but the aftereffects of the dagger root shot she’d taken the night before were making her bladder noticeably fuller than usual.

Nyssa didn't need to say anything: Avaris excused herself, saying she needed to get back, and let Nyssa say an awkward good afternoon to Yarrow and Cyan. Yarrow told her to visit next time if he was home, and Cyan gave Nyssa a cool nod, which Nyssa took as a good sign as she and Avaris took their leave.

Instead of setting off for the radio tower, where Avaris had mentioned she'd wanted to test her reflex, she walked briskly toward the shop, her face red to the tips of her pointed ears.

“Did you change your mind?” Nyssa had some trouble keeping up without leaking. Avaris was fast.

“What about?” Avaris puffed.

“Your landing reflex?” Nyssa was slightly breathless herself – Avaris was fast. “I thought you were going to test it?”

Avaris stopped, and Nyssa had to skid to a halt to keep from running into her. The movement jolted Nyssa’s full bladder and she hid a wince. “I thought you didn't…” Avaris’s eyes widened.

“I never said,” said Nyssa. “I need to go too, though.”

The grateful look on Avaris’s face made Nyssa’s heart skip a beat. “Thank Hyachna, I thought I'd have to hold it until we got to Miss May’s ship.” She turned on her heel, brushing past Nyssa’s wing in her hurry. Nyssa followed.

“Where are we going?” Nyssa tried to jog softly to keep up.

Avaris panted, “Somewhere private.”

To Nyssa’s surprise, Avaris led her down a set of stairs to the ground. Nyssa thought Avaris might hop off the stairs, but she didn't stop. Avaris made little moans and grunts as they crossed into what looked like an old orchard. When Nyssa entered the orchard behind her, she spotted the green-haired Andyne woman's target: a plain bench in the middle of a large cleared area. Avaris was practically sprinting for it, and since there was room for it, Nyssa took a running start and stretched her wings. The movement closed off her bladder to any leaks as she lifted off the ground, gliding in a low arc around Avaris to land next to the bench. She overshot it slightly and landed on the opposite side of the bench she’d intended, thumping down on her feet.

Avaris joined Nyssa a few seconds later, and Nyssa waited to help Avaris onto the bench, feeling the landing reflex travel up her legs. Next to her, Avaris hopped off the bench, landing squarely on her feet to activate her landing reflex. She sat on the bench, raising her skirt and splaying her knees, and Nyssa’s stomach did a somersault when she saw that the crotch was cut out of the shorts attached to Avaris’s skirt. Avaris’s labia twitched and loosed a whizzing arc over the leaf-strewn ground. Meanwhile, a hot wet spot spread in Nyssa’s underwear, and she had to tear her eyes away to wrench aside the restricting garment. Nyssa needed two hands to move the strong elastic, and she squatted on the ground with one wing lowered, trying to hide her crotch from view from her right side. Nyssa let go through both of her urethrae, unevenly because her penis was half-hard. It trickled steadily while her pussy released a thunderous torrent into the dirt.

“Fuck,” Nyssa breathed to herself, wedging her hands into the elastic and holding it away from any delicate bits it could chafe against. Nyssa leaned back, using her wings to balance, and looked up to watch Avaris. “You cut the crotch out of your…skirt…shorts?”

“It’s a tennis skirt,” Avaris grunted. “I bought it for exercise a couple years ago, but today is the first day I’ve actually used it.”

“So you cut it out recently?” Nyssa asked.

Avaris shifted to keep her flow going, looking like some fantastical Haman fountain on the bench, Nyssa thought. “I cut it out when I bought it. I was hoping it would encourage me to take longer walks, and then I went to Redwater Falls in the winter.”

“Why a tennis skirt though? Wouldn’t it be easier to wear a skirt without shorts sewn in?” Nyssa finished first, realizing that the only things her wings had hidden were her upper body and face, and Avaris could plainly see her genitals. For a split second, Nyssa was mortified: she was almost fully erect now. When the knee-jerk of embarrassment had passed, Nyssa reminded herself that she’d just been staring at Avaris’s crotch too.

“Because it looks sporty.” Avaris sighed deeply. “It didn’t match the shirt I got it for as well as I’d thought. I’ll have to get another one.” She sat back on the bench, finished. Avaris had left a thin trail to a wide puddle, still soaking into the ground. Nyssa had made a sizable divot in the dirt beneath her, but she’d squatted on a slight incline, and her piss had formed a thin rivulet, running about a meter away into a depression where a tree had possibly once been.

Nyssa glanced up, noticed Avaris looking at her, and wobbled to her feet, easing her damp underwear back into place. “Whew. Well, It does look good.” Nyssa was pleased to see Avaris’s cheeks pinken in the full sunlight. “I know some good clothing shops in Crystal Cove. Are you going to the airship expo with Miss Eneko?”

The two women walked back toward Avaris’s ship. Avaris didn’t bring up what she’d seen, but Nyssa supposed that Avaris had already seen it when they'd first met at the dock, after…

“Yeah. Will the ‘mad robot’ make an appearance, do you think?” Avaris laughed. “I heard Miss May saw them while Pia and I were in the nurses station.”

Nyssa schooled her expression, but felt a blush coming on. “Maybe. I've heard they're just performance artists. They might show up.”

“Is there a campground in Crystal Cove I can take my Limpet to?” asked Avaris. Nyssa shook her head.

“I checked for my parents yesterday, and everywhere is booked solid. I could possibly ask Tulip if you can stay with us that weekend,” Nyssa offered.

“We’re planning on going with Lady Jenkins. She runs an airship parts shop and repair yard in Shell Bay,” said Avaris. “She only has two guest rooms on her ship, so we might need another option.”

“Does that mean she's got a space for her ship?” Nyssa asked.

“Pia told me that Lady pre-books six months in advance,” said Avaris, turning up the ramp to her front door. Nyssa followed her inside.

___

I posted on time! Yay!

*017*2026-02-06 08:06

{{14 minutes ago, Orange Clippy said:

So Cyan remembers the dream? Just want to be sure that I understand it correctly.

}}

Yep. 🙂 Everyone in the dream space can kinda sorta remember it, some better than others.

*018*2026-02-19 23:00

Part 132

Part 20

Azri disembarked from her ship, hefting a bag over her shoulder. She only had two hours until she needed to leave, but she’d be back again that evening to visit her patients and finish anything with May.

Instead of entering the front door of May’s ship, Azri walked around to the back, taking the stairs up to the small deck behind her ship. The kitchen door was unlocked, and Azri found May sitting at the kitchen table, writing in an open binder. She closed it when Azri entered, and Azri saw that it was the guest book.

“More guests in the off-season?” asked Azri, greeting May in the middle of the cool, dim kitchen. They embraced, and Azri neurally felt out her partner. May was tired and stressed, and though she wasn’t aroused, it wouldn’t take much to get her hard. “I think Saoirse said something about that. Is it her friends?”

May nodded. “They should be here by Tuesday. It’ll be nice to have the extra funds before the airship expo.”

Azri had to raise herself on her toes to stick her face between May’s breasts. May’s heart fluttered. “Want to go upstairs? I brought all the ‘prosthetics’ for tomorrow,” said Azri, letting her hands meet behind May’s butt and pushing May’s pelvis into her belly. Something twitched, and Azri smiled up at May.

“We can’t be too loud though,” said May, shutting the door to her room while Azri took the bag to May’s desk. “I have a guest.”

In May’s room, Azri pulled off her t-shirt in a continuous, graceful movement and slung it over the chair. She dropped her shorts next, and pulled a harness from the bag. “You do? Weren’t those boys supposed to have breakfast with you?”

“One um…” May paused to unbutton her dress, and left it on a hanger. “One’s not a boy today. And they’re both older than Pia, Az, not kids.” May approached Azri and looked into the bag. She chose the “prosthetic” she wanted and Azri attached it to the harness.

“Hold on, I need to pee,” said Azri. Before she could move, May picked up the watering can next to her desk and held it out.

“For the plants?” May suggested. Azri nodded, straddled the mouth of the watering can, and let out a short squirt. “Is that it?”

Azri shrugged. “I thought I needed to. Have you been holding it?” Andynes had a way of “hiding” impulses by pushing them to the back if their minds, and Azri knew she was right when May blushed.

“It’s been…I don’t know,” May sighed. “Since yesterday morning? I woke up late today.”

“I didn’t know you pulled up the toilet,” said Saoirse. Pia had completely taken apart Rabb’s bathroom. The toilet was drained and moved to the corner, leaving the valves sticking out of the floor where it had been.

“Why? Can you smell where the vomit is?” asked Pia, hopeful.

Saoirse sniffed the air. The dagger root scent had left her nose, and she found a patch behind the wall under the window and pointed it out to Pia, bending to look at the disconnected toilet. “I was hoping to pee in here.”

“Why not go outside like Rabb’s been doing?” asked Pia, already mixing the odor neutralizer. It combined a powder and a cloudy blue liquid into a substance that applied to surfaces like putty. “When I’m done with this, I can put the toilet back first. It’ll just take a few minutes.”

“I’m retracted, and I just cleaned the deck,” said Saoirse. “I could wait. I think I’ll water the tomatoes though. We completely forgot that.” The odor neutralizer Pia had mixed didn’t smell like anything, but it made Saoirse’s sinuses throb uncomfortably.

Outside, Saoirse could still vaguely smell the “phantom urinator” as she’d come to think of them. From the stairs to the ground, Saoirse could smell that the tomatoes, all of them, had been watered. The distinctive scent of wet earth wasn’t fresh anymore, but still obvious. Saoirse could also smell…

“Avaris?” Pia’s tomatoes were closest. No one had peed on them, but they’d been watered. The smell of Avaris’s urine emanated from the direction of Cyan’s overgrown plant. Saoirse didn’t have to walk over to smell it, and pulled down her pants. She sat carefully on the corner, held up her tail, and let go into Pia’s planter. She breathed deeply, trying to pinpoint when Avaris would’ve come around from the scent. Everything pointed to a couple hours ago.

“When we were in the shower,” said Saoirse out loud. “Oh well.” She pushed on her bladder to finish faster. With the extra time from not having to water the plants with actual water, Saoirse picked another basket of green tomatoes from Cyan’s plant and took her time returning. She thought she smelled Avaris’s urine again on the walk back, along with another person. Before she could identify the scent, the wind shifted and she lost it.

“Harder,” gasped May’s voice somewhere above. Tulip opened his eyes feeling heavy and sleepy, but good. He needed to pee, but not badly enough to get up.

“If I thrust harder, you’ll pee,” said a second voice. It was higher pitched with a hint of an accent Tulip recognized as Amphibious. Tulip’s stomach fluttered. He had to focus to hear the voices, but now that he had, he couldn’t stop himself from hearing them.

“Yeah? So?“ said May. There was a pause, and the second voice gasped.

“May-May, we’re on *your* bed!” the second voice scolded.

“It’s my sheets,” May corrected, moaning. “I’ll wash them.”

May relaxed one wing to smile primly over her shoulder at Azri with a big sigh of relief. The stream drummed on the duvet like a waterfall, moving back and forth as Azri fucked her from behind. “Phew! Now, harder, please.”

“You insist,” laughed Azri, and obliged.

May cried out, and Tulip found himself retreating for the door, unsure of how he’d gotten to his feet so fast. “Harder!” Tulip thought the bathroom would be an escape, and found he could hear May and her partner even better in there. Tulip still needed to pee, and seeing the toilet only made the need more intense. Trying his hardest not to panic, Tulip recalled a place he’d caught May relieving herself on a previous delivery: off her deck.

The kitchen door proved difficult to unlock in a hurry, but Tulip got it. He didn’t have much time to look around, but noted that he was alone, and it was quiet outside. Tulip pulled down his pants just in time to avert wetting them again with an involuntary leak, and scrambled out of one pant leg before he squatted, spraying off the deck through the railing, and reached down to untangle his labia. The spray became a cohesive stream, and Tulip watched it rush toward the ground behind his swollen clitoris.

It was comparable to Bellis’s; Tulip had seen the restaurant owner naked in the fenced-off little garden, screened from the rest of the yard between Helly and Bellis’s house and restaurant by plants and a board in the fence. Bellis seemed to like peeing out there, and Tulip usually saw Helly there with him. Tulip saw things like this sometimes when he used his wings to get around, and he’d made a rule for himself never to speak of the things people did in the privacy of their homes or yards. It was supremely awkward, but also strangely comforting to know Bellis was smaller than him most of the time.

“They’ll never know I saw them,” said Tulip, fingering his swollen clit lightly. He wanted to think of it as his cock, but wasn’t quite there yet. Tulip found himself less sensitive than he’d hoped, thanks to the shot of dagger root the night before. He knew he’d need to pee again soon, also courtesy of the stupid dagger root drink. When he did, he wondered if he should trip his landing reflex; the reflex made Tulip especially randy since he’d started taking his hormones, and he planned on locking himself in his room when he and Nyssa returned home.

“That's if I don't fall asleep, though,” Tulip yawned, lazily stretching his wings while he finished. He sat in the sun for several minutes, hesitant to go back inside.

The kitchen was cool when Tulip entered. He washed his hands in the kitchen sink and returned to the guest room. May and her partner had stopped making so much noise, and all Tulip could hear was an occasional murmur and footsteps. A water fixture susurrated through the pipes. A washing machine, Tulip thought, drifting off as soon as he lay down.

“I couldn’t tell,” said Saoirse, rinsing the green tomatoes.

“You can’t tell what sex they are either?” Rabb asked, sitting back on the couch. Their movie, Casanunda: Stepladders Repaired, played on behind her, neither of them watching. Saoirse could smell that Rabb needed to pee, but the vegetable smell of the tomatoes overpowered it.

Saoirse sighed, set the colander on the draining board, and pulled a bag of flour out of a cabinet. If she was in control of the pancakes, she wanted to start early. “No. It’s like it’s both, but it’s all clearly-“

“Sersh!” Pia called.

“Are you almost done in there?” asked Saoirse. In the fridge, the scapes were slightly wilted. Saoirse decided to cook them.

“I need to make sure the smell is gone before I do that,” said Pia, padding into the living room with protective booties on her shoes. The odor absorber seemed to have dampened some of Pia’s scent, and something about it twisted Saoirse’s stomach. “And don’t worry, I’ll change my clothes when I’m done.”

“How long until you have the toilet back together?” interjected Rabb.

Pia furrowed her grown in thought. “About ten minutes. I have to put everything back in a certain order.”

“You don’t want to go on the deck?” asked Saoirse.

The skin on Rabb’s ears turned pink, and she dithered, “I’d rather not smell the ‘phantom urinator’ again. I’ll go, though. It’s a nice day.”

“Are you going to wait for me, or go now?” asked Saoirse.

Rabb stood up, suppressing a wince when she put weight on her foot. Her medication wouldn’t kick in for about an hour, and she couldn’t hide the bloom of pain in her scent. “I’ll go now. I’m an adult, Saoirse,” she sniffed, and marched carefully toward the back door.

In the bathroom, the odor remover had done its job. Saoirse left the bathroom quickly, and flipped open her phone before joining Rabb. She scrolled in her contacts until she reached the person she thought was most likely to answer their phone. She pushed the call button.

“Hey, Digit. I heard what happened. Can I ask a favor?”

Rabb was glad Saoirse couldn’t see or smell her. She didn’t need to pee that urgently despite the cups of juice, water, and coffee she’d consumed, and leaned on a chair halfway to the railing. Her foot stung from all the walking she’d done that morning.

The sun was warm, and Rabb found that she could slide the deck chair around and hop after it on her good foot. In a few seconds, Rabb had the chair next to the railing. She sat down and scooted closer, pulling up her shirt and holding it there by wrapping her tail around her body. The fur was still puffed out from the stress of that morning, but it didn't interfere.

Rabb pulled down the front of her CRU sweatpants, aiming her pseudopenis in the direction of the tree line with one hand. She pulled herself into a comfortable position, resting her other arm on the railing.

“I’m not an invalid,’ Rabb muttered to herself, grunting when she let go. She’d picked the spot on the deck where the “phantom urinator” had paused and-…Rabb shook her head. She tried to spread the whooshing spray around, hoping to cover the scent. “Who does she think she is. I don’t need a cane like some little old-…Oh, there you are.” Rabb sighed when Saoirse emerged.

“Esteemed cousin,” said Saoirse, twitching her ears at Rabb. “You’re using a chair? Good idea.”

Saoirse helped Rabb back down the stairs into the cabin. Shortly after they sat down, Saoirse’s dumb little flip phone chimed. It was Digitalis. Saoirse texted him one word and slid her phone in her pocket, trying to look casual.

“You connected your phone here?” said Rabb, surprised. “Are you planning to live here or something?”

Saoirse watched Rabb rewinding the movie for a few seconds before she spoke. “Well…I guess this is as good of a time as any to tell you.” Rabb’s cousin turned to her. “Yeah, I am.”

