Everyday Life with Monster Girls: Walking the Dog

Author: AntiqueSloth

*000*2020-05-02 00:08

Hello there. I mostly write furry watersports stories over at furaffinity. Recently I wrote this fanfiction story about Monster Musume. I think MM kind of rides the line between furry and non-furry, so perhaps some people here will enjoy it as well.

This story should take place sometime after episode two but before episode four.

###

Kimihito stooped low to sweep the last pile of dirt and detritus into his dustpan. Tipping the pan over the bin, he dumped out the contents. The fresh load of dust bunnies, crumbs, hair, feathers, and flaky white scales lazily drifted down to join the rest of the debris he’d already swept up. Taking a step back, he admired his work. The mid-day sunlight filtering through the kitchen windows glittered on a sparklingly-clean tile floor. Satisfied, Kimihito put away the broom and dustpan, setting his eyes on his next obstacle. It was time to scrub the countertop.

After one look at the layer of grime caked onto the granite surface, Kimihito reached under the sink for the heavy-duty cleaning supplies. Sharing his home with three monster girls was taking its toll on his kitchen, thanks to the insane amount of cooking he was tasked with in order to keep them all fed. Not that he complained, Kimihito loved to cook, and now he was getting more practice than ever, but sometimes he just needed a break. Fortunately, today would be a little easier, as there was one less mouth to feed. Cerea had gone away to visit a friend, and she always ate the most. Kimihito often wondered if she had two stomachs, one normal-sized in her human upper half, and one massive one in her horse lower half. It didn’t seem polite to ask.

Thwack… thwack… thwack!

The repeated sound-effect of a tennis racket smacking a ball could be heard coming from the living room, along with the whoosh of beating wings as Papi the harpy dashed back and forth. It was remarkable how a relatively simple game of virtual tennis could keep her busy for hours on end.

“Great job!” Declared the over-enthusiastic voice of the announcer above the stock applause of the crowd, signifying that Papi had just won a match.

“Yayyy!” The harpy cheered. Kimihito smiled to himself as he listened to her while wiping down the countertop. Papi was adorable when she got really into the game, and she was so much more careful while playing nowadays. She hadn’t broken anything, be it a lamp, vase, or TV in over a week.

What Kimihito failed to hear however was the low rumble of scales sliding across the tile floor, stealthily drawing closer. He gasped, dropping his sponge and towel into the sink as two arms closed around his middle, yanking him backwards into a startlingly sudden embrace. “M-Miia!” Kimihito exclaimed. He could feel the lamia’s head brush against his shoulder as she snuggled him, her huge, pillowy-soft breasts thrust against his back, her smooth, snake lower-half coiling about his legs. “Don’t sneak up on me like that!”

“But I wanted to surprise you Darling.” Miia whispered her reply. Though it was around noon she still wore her silky, pink nightgown. “You’re so cute when you’re doing housework, but why don’t you take a break and help keep me warm?”

“If you’re cold, you should put on some clothes.” Kimihito replied, reaching his hand to the edge of the sink, attempting to find some leverage to tug himself free.

“Mmmm, I like this better, Darling.” Miia said, stroking one hand down Kimihito’s arm before latching onto his wrist like a vice. She yanked his hand to her midsection.

“Come on Miia,” Kimihito protested, trying to wrench his hand free, “I don’t have time for this right now.”

“It will only take a minute,” Miia assured him, “I’m heating up already, do you feel it?” She guided his hand down further, pushing his fingers towards her pelvis. Simultaneously, her tail was steadily coiling around his left leg. The bulk of it contracted around his shins to keep him from moving, an effortless task for Miia’s powerful tail muscles. Meanwhile, the tip began probing at his upper thigh. Kimihito got the sense it was feeling around for his groin. “M-Miia… come on. I’m busy.” He stammered, as he tried to brainstorm a way out.

Knock. Knock. Knock.

Three short raps at the door gave Kimihito a perfect excuse to escape from Miia’s clutches. Was it the mailman with a package? A door to door salesman? Whoever it was, he owed them for coming to the rescue. He tried to move, but found that Miia’s grip on him had only tightened. She was dragging his hand continuously lower. He felt her skin give way to scales as his fingers reached the point where her snake-half began. Just below the hips, where a human’s legs would start. Yet, in-between she was still smooth and soft, and...wet?

Miia was panting heavily in anticipation, her breath hot on Kimihito’s neck. Her tail jabbed against the front of his pants, searching for a way inside. Feeling its tenacity, Kimihito knew that even a brick wall wouldn’t stop it from getting what it wanted. The time had come for drastic action. With his free hand he grasped the end of Miia’s tail.

“Mmmm...Darling,” Kimihito heard Miia moan into his ear as her breathing quickened. Then with his index finger, he flicked the very tip of the lamia’s appendage. Hard.

“Ohhhh! Darliiiing!” The high-pitched, orgasmic scream rattled the windows. A forceful shiver beginning from the tail rippled through Miia’s body. When her grip slackened for a fraction of a second, Kimihito seized his opportunity to slip free.

“You’re always so forward.” Miia whimpered after him, hiding her blushing cheeks behind her pale hands. “Please Darling, do some gentle foreplay first.” She begged, but he was gone.

Knock. Knock. Knock.

“Coming!” Kimihito yelled, as he raced through the hallway. It wasn’t long before he heard Miia slithering after him. He’d only stunned her. Stopping her advances completely wasn’t so easy. Kimihito reached the door as the rumour of Miia’s scales against the wooden floor grew louder and louder, like an oncoming freight train. He grasped the handle as her tail encircled his right leg. He just barely managed to yank open the door as Miia’s arms grappled his chest.

The sunlight illuminated two figures standing upon the doormat. The first was immediately recognizable by her hip-length black hair, pristine black suit coat, and matching tie. Her black skirt was short, after which her legs were covered only by a pair of dark tights.

“Ms. Smith!” Kimihito exclaimed. “I didn’t realize you were visiting today.” He slapped Miia’s groping hands away and she released him. A surprise visit from Smith was perhaps the only thing able to stop the lamia from acting out. Miia shrunk away as Smith surveyed the two of them, tilting her sunglasses down to eye Kimihito suspiciously.

“Sorry to spoil your fun.” Smith said, and by the knowing smirk she gave afterwards, Kimihito gathered that she’d heard Miia’s scream of pleasure.

“It was nothing like that,” Kimihito mumbled, finding that he could no longer meet Smith’s eye without feeling embarrassed, which would only make him appear more guilty. Instead he turned his attention to the other figure. At first he had taken her to be a human woman, but that was only due to her shape alone. Looking closer he found that this individual, who was about the same height as Smith, was covered from head to toe in fur. A shining, yellow and white coat that was neatly brushed in some places, but mostly ruffled around her shoulders and neck. She had a tail, short and fluffy, that wiggled faintly back and forth behind her. The plaid skirt she wore swayed in response to this, as if caught in a rhythmic breeze.

She also had on a white crop top that was tight enough to burst as it worked to restrain two massive breasts. They looked to be around the same size as Miia’s. When Kimihito met the dog-girl’s brilliantly green eyes, her fluffy ears perked up excitedly from amid the locks of her short, blonde hair. “Hi!” She barked, before jumping onto him.

“This is Kaya.” Smith explained over Kimihito’s scream of surprise. “She got into some trouble at her previous household for playing too rough. So I thought to myself, who do I know that can take a bit of abuse?”

The dog-girl knocked Kimihito down onto the hardwood floor. Straddling his hips, she bent her head down and began licking his face, her tail flicking back and forth happily.

“Master!” She spoke excitedly between licks. “I can’t wait to play together, and cuddle, and learn new tricks, and go to the park, and...” Kaya went on and on as Kimihito endured the licking, tilting his head from side to side to try and escape, but no matter what he did, her tongue found his face.

“Get away from my Darling!” Miia hissed, the noise similar to a kettle spilling over as the lamia’s cold-blooded body somehow seemed to boil with rage. She began whacking Kaya with her tail, but the dog-girl was unperturbed.

Smith only laughed. “No, don’t let her hold you down.” She said, shaking her head as Kimihito flailed. “You have to show her that you’re in charge."

As he lay on the ground, Kimihito found his hips crushed between Kaya’s soft, yet powerful thighs. Her huge breasts were pressed against his chest as her tongue slobbered over his cheeks. “Hey, stop! That tickles.” He said, beginning to laugh uncontrollably. He grabbed the sides of Kaya’s head to get her to stop. She did, and pulled away from his face. Sitting atop his hips, she looked back into his eyes expectantly, her tail pointed towards the ceiling. From this angle, Kimihito noticed a flash of pink around her neck, briefly exposed as her head moved. A necklace? No, it was too big. It was a studded dog collar.

Kimihito sat up, as well as he could with his legs still pinned. “Nice to meet you too.” He said, cautiously. Unsure of what to do next, Kimihito slid his hands to the top of Kaya’s head, and scratched behind her fluffy ears. “Uhh… good girl?”

The effect was immediate. First, Kaya’s ears twitched, then her eyes rolled back as her mouth fell open and a moan escaped from her lips. She thrust her hips against him, throwing him down onto the floor again. This time he found his face buried beneath her breasts.

“Yaaay! Dog pile on master!” There was the click of talons and the flutter of feathers as Papi entered the room to investigate the commotion. With a running start, she dove on top of Kaya. The harpy wasn’t very heavy, but her weight combined with the dog’s was sufficient to force Kimihito’s breath out of his lungs in a long, helpless groan.

Miia was hissing furiously and attempting to bat at any part of Kaya’s body with her tail, while now having to avoid Papi in the process. “Smith! Do something!” Miia yelled, turning her head towards the doorstep. Ms. Smith was bent over with her hands on her knees from laughing so hard. “Get her off of my Darling!” Miia demanded.

Smith smirked before reaching into her suit pocket. She pulled out a small, orange sphere. “Try this.” She said, tossing it casually to Miia.

The ball whirled through the air, and straight into the hands of the confused lamia. When it struck her palm, it compressed slightly.

Squeak!

Kaya sat up at once, throwing Papi off of her back and releasing a gasping Kimihito. Her ears perked up and swiveled to locate the source of the noise. Her eyes locked in on the ball in Miia’s hand and she charged. Miia screamed, throwing the ball over her head so that it bounced off into the dining room. Kaya raced harmlessly past the lamia and after the thing, which squeaked with every bounce. Then, there was a thundering crash followed by a tinkling of glass that may have been something expensive in the china cabinet.

Kimihito winced as he staggered to his feet. By the time he finished dusting himself off, Kaya returned with the ball in her mouth. He braced himself to be jumped on once more, but instead, Kaya kneeled down in front of Miia. She dropped the toy onto the floor, panting and smiling up at the lamia, wordlessly begging her to throw it again.

“Don’t have anything to say for yourself, huh? You nearly suffocated my Darling!” Miia commented, glaring at Kaya with deepest loathing before rounding on Smith. “What made you think it was a good idea to bring her here?”

“She’ll fit in just fine.” Ms. Smith said, trying to wave away Miia’s concerns, but only receiving a mutinous look in response. “Once Darling establishes dominance, she won’t play as rough.”

“Establishes what?!” Miia demanded.

“Which reminds me,” Smith continued, ignoring the fact that Miia looked ready to strike. From her pocket she retrieved a bundle of blue, nylon cord with shining buckles at one end. A leash. “You’ll be needing this.” She said, with a smirk and a mischievous glint from behind her glasses.

###

“Throw it!” Kaya repeated again and again, and Papi obliged. A full hour after Kaya’s initial drop-off and the harpy had yet to tire from playing fetch with her. All the while Kimihito spent wiping down the countertop, the table, and the stovetop he heard the drumroll of Kaya’s footsteps as she chased the ball, occasionally followed by the crash of her running into a wall or knocking something over. She only paused briefly to venture out into the kitchen to ask Kimihito for some water. The first time he’d filled the glass and held it out for her, only for her to lean over and messily slurp it out of the glass with her tongue, sloshing a large amount of liquid onto the floor. After having to wipe up the mess, Kimihito opted to hold the glass over the sink for Kaya instead.

She seemed grateful, but didn’t linger in the kitchen, thanks to Miia’s patrols. The lamia had appointed herself as Kimihito’s bodyguard in case Kaya tried to jump on him again. Though at other times she slithered away to “pace” angrily in the hallway. Kimihito knew that she just needed time to adjust to a new girl in the house. It had been the same way with Papi and Centorea. At the very least, Kaya’s introduction had killed Miia’s mood from earlier, allowing Kimihito to get more housework done without worrying about being grabbed from behind.

He scraped the last bit of grime from the countertop and admired the dazzlingly clean surface. How long that would last with yet another mouth to feed, he didn’t know. He didn’t bask in the pride of a job well done for long though. Thinking about dinner had reminded him that he wasn’t done yet. Begrudgingly, he turned his eyes to the insurmountable mountain of dishes, pots and pans piled high beside the sink. He sighed, grabbed a sponge and a dish towel and set to work.

“Master?”

Kimihito craned his neck to the right, and spotted Kaya entering the kitchen. Her yellow fur was ruffled in numerous places from racing around playing fetch with Papi. In fact, she was still visibly panting between breaths as she brushed her hair out of her eyes.

“Oh? Do you need some more water?” Kimihito asked, setting down the bowl he was cleaning and picking up the last clean glass in the house. But Kaya shook her head, wincing faintly as Kimihito turned on the faucet to fill the glass.

Kaya gestured towards the sliding glass door. “I need to go outside.”

“Oh? You want to go cool off outside?” Kimihito put down the glass and dried his hands. “Sure, I can show you around the yard. I could use some fresh air as well.” He strode to the door, unlocked it and slid it open, taking a step outside. A light breeze rippled through his hair as he glanced back to find Kaya still standing in the kitchen, awkwardly.

“Come on out.” He said, beckoning her forward with his hand, but in response she blushed and looked down at the floor, not moving an inch. “What’s up?” He questioned.

“The leash…” Kaya mumbled.

“Huh?”

“You have to put the leash on me first.”

“Oh?” Kimihito walked back inside, looking at Kaya quizzically. The leash lay coiled up on the kitchen table, as he’d left it after receiving it from Smith. At the time he’d wondered if it was a joke, but Kaya seemed quite serious. “Well… if it’s what you want.” He said, picking up the thing. At the jingle of the buckles, Kaya tilted her head up, exposing the pink collar around her neck. Her legs swayed and bounced a little, Kimihito wondered if this was in anticipation as he brought the leash closer and hooked it onto the collar with a click. Kaya shivered and nuzzled her cheek against his hand. He felt grateful that Miia wasn’t nearby, as she would surely complicate things if she walked in on them doing this. He wasn’t about to wait for her to show up either.

“Alright, come on.” He said, tugging softly on the leash as he led the way out into the yard. Kaya blushed, but this time she followed obediently. She sighed as she stepped out into the yard. “Feeling better?” Kimihito asked.

Kaya nodded, before walking along the brick walkway to a patio of multi-colored stones. Kimihito held the leash high to avoid it getting tangled on the wooden lounge chairs or the grill. He felt strange just standing there holding the end of the leash, so he tried to strike up some casual conversation. He’d have to get to know Kaya better at some point if he was going to be a good host. “So do you like playing with Papi?”

Kaya turned her head and showed a radiant smile. “Oh yeah, she’s my best friend!”

“Already?” Kimihito laughed. “Well I guess you two were having a lot of fun.” Kimihito watched as Kaya stepped out of the patio to sniff around at a number of chest-high, leafy bushes that lined the wall of his house. “How do you feel about Miia?” He asked, cautiously.

“She doesn’t seem to like me so much,” Kaya responded, solemnly. Kimihito wasn’t about to disagree with her on that point. “But I want to be her friend too!” Kaya added, her upbeat nature shining through. Kimihito noticed that her tail had stopped wagging, but it looked like her rear was still wiggling, and her legs shaking whenever she stopped walking for too long.

“So you just want to be friends with everyone you meet, huh?” Kimihito noted, choosing not to draw too much attention to Kaya’s strange movements. “I suppose that’s a nice way to go through life.”

“I hope so!” Kaya responded optimistically, “But I know that I can be too much for some people. I’m trying to get better at it. I just need someone to train me better. I think that-” But whatever thoughts Kaya was about to share were lost when she reached the end of her leash. She gagged as the collar pulled on her neck.

“Sorry!” Kimihito loosened his grip on the coil of leash to give it some slack. Kaya hardly seemed bothered once she was able to breathe normally again. She simply waited for Kimihito to catch up with her before walking any further.

“Y-yeah… training.” Kimihito mumbled as a response to what Kaya had said. Was it going to fall on him to train Kaya to handle social interactions better? Did he need to keep her from jumping on everyone else she met?

“Oh! These are nice!” Kaya exclaimed upon discovering Kimihito’s flower bed. Separated from the rest of the yard by a circle of bricks creating a half-inch high barrier, the flower garden was the colorful jewel of Kimihito’s yard. There were yellow star-shaped flowers, sweet smelling purple flowers, tiny white flowers that seemed to crop up in rough soil that other flowers wouldn’t touch, and tall red blossoms that reached towards the clouds.

“Yeah, you like it?” Kimihito asked, watching as Kaya stooped low to sniff at a few of the vibrantly colorful petals. “Cerea helped me plant them. You haven’t met her yet, but she’s nice. We thought it would be good to bring some life to the yard. You know, balance out the green with some other colors.”

“Oh. Is that who I’m smelling all over this yard?” Kaya asked.

“I guess?” Kimihito replied, not fully understanding, but guessing that being part dog gave Kaya a heightened sense of smell.

“Well anyway. I think the flowers are great!” Kaya commented. Then she gestured towards the center of the flower garden, looking up at Kimihito. “May I, master?”

Kimihito realized that Kaya had reached the end of her leash again. He guessed that she probably was asking if she could get closer, or perhaps if she was allowed to touch the flowers. “Oh, sure. Go ahead.” He answered, stepping closer to give the leash more slack. Immediately, Kaya stepped into the ring of luscious plants, treading on a few bulbs by the edges.

“Hey what are you-” Kimihito began as he watched Kaya crouch down amidst the petals. Bending her knees, she lowered into a squat, grabbing the hem of her skirt and lifting it up to her waist. A half-second later, there came the hiss of liquid splashing onto the soil and Kaya let out a soft, high-pitched sigh of relief.

“K-Kaya! What do you think you’re doing?” Kimihito demanded.

“Hmm?” She said, turning her head to look at him. “Not much, just peeing.” She answered, entirely nonchalant, over the sound of her urine drenching the dirt, flowers and leaves. “Haahhh… Master I think you gave me way too much water.”

Kimihito was in disbelief at her casual attitude, unsure whether to glare at her and scold her, or avert his eyes.“I can see that.” He said, “But why are you doing it out here? Go inside and use the toilet!” He tried to yank on her leash to pull her away, but this time she resisted, maintaining her squat. She did however let out a light moan that didn’t seem related to her relief as the collar pulled on her neck. Though when she saw the look Kimihito was giving her, she simply tilted her head at him in confusion, as if he were the one acting strange.

“You said I could. How is anyone supposed to know I live here unless I spread my scent around?”

Kimihito didn’t know how to respond. “Spread her scent around?” He wondered. So Kaya operated like a regular dog when it came to going to the bathroom? He now realized what she’d meant by asking him to take her outside. He surmised from her attitude that this must just be what she was used to. He watched Kaya’s short tail slowly climb higher, up and out of the way as a glistening pool of urine formed atop the dirt, expanding and dripping down onto the bricks that lined the flower bed. He saw that around Kaya’s butt, her fur was white, and shaped almost like a heart. Clearly, she hadn’t been wearing underwear all day. Kimihito couldn’t help but think back to how she’d sat on his hips in the hallway with this new information in mind.

It was difficult to see through the flowers, especially with Kaya at a lower angle, but he could definitely hear her stream still going strong. Her grinning face and relaxed figure conveyed enough about the level of pleasure she was feeling. Kimihito reasoned that if this was what was comfortable for her, then he’d just have to allow it, though he needed to look into whether or not it was safe for his plants to get so much extra water.

“So yeah,” Kaya spoke, tossing back her hair and sighing as she went on relieving herself. “I like the smell of these big flowers, and these little ones are sweet too.” She pointed out a few samples that were out of range of her deluge, continuing the conversation from earlier completely uninhibited. “But now everyone will notice my scent too, and know that I belong here.”

###

Miia’s thin face was squashed against the window, the glass steamed with the hot breaths of rage she exhaled through her nose. “Rub her face in it!” She wanted to shout to Darling as he just stood there, watching idly while that dirty dog-girl defaced their yard and used their flower garden as a toilet. But Darling didn’t shove Kaya’s fluffy-eared head into the muddy piss puddle. He didn’t whip her with the leash, or whack her with a rolled-up newspaper. In fact, when Kaya finished peeing, shook herself dry and approached him, he patted her on the head.

Miia couldn’t watch anymore. Her world was spinning as she tore herself away from the window. When had Darling ever patted her head like that? She slithered back and forth across her room, crossing her arms. Why had Darling just sat there and watched, why hadn’t he put an end to it sooner? Did he like watching girls piss or something?

Miia stopped dead.

It all made sense. No wonder Darling kept resisting her advances. She hadn’t found the right way to turn him on, and now that dog-girl had clumsily stumbled her way into discovering her Darling’s secret fetish! Miia’s tail thrashed with anger. Kaya might have gotten lucky, but two could play at this game. She slithered to the bathroom so quickly that her thrashing scales nearly lit the carpet on fire. Turning on the sink and cupping her hands, she began gulping down mouthful after mouthful of water. It was cold, and sent shivers through her body as it entered her stomach, but Miia was determined to fill herself up.

###

“Miiiia… come on, won’t you play one game with me?” Papi whined, shoving a controller in the lamia’s face for the umpteenth time.

“I said, no!” Miia hissed. She sat on the couch in the living room, her tail coiled up on the floor, and her bladder bulging out of the lowest part of her human half as it struggled to hold back a metric fuck-ton of piss. It had first started really aching a half hour ago, but she wanted to hold it longer. She wanted to give Darling a show he’d never forget.

“But you said you would earlier!” Papi complained, frowning, her blue-feathered wings flapping dejectedly on either side of her petite form, one taloned foot stomping on the ground.

“Only so you’d leave me alone.” Miia muttered under her breath. Her tail twitched somewhat as pressure seemed to mount in her bladder in response to her annoyance.

“Play… play…” Papi jabbed the controller into Miia’s arm with each word. “Play… play...‘

“Alright!” Miia groaned. “Just one game, ok? Then leave me alone.”

“Yaay!” Papi flapped her wings excitedly, the ensuing gust of wind messing up Miia’s red hair and knocking a book off of the nearby coffee table.

“Ok, you serve first.” Papi explained, once Miia had slithered up closer to the TV screen. Somehow her bladder felt even more full when she was upright rather than sitting down. Who thought games that required you to move around were a good idea? She wondered as she raised the rectangular controller over her head and swung. On the screen, her character’s racket collided with the tennis ball and sent it soaring across the court. Papi lunged to the right with her controller, jabbing Miia in the abdomen through her short, blue skirt while swinging to return the serve.

“Oww!” Miia groaned as her bladder shuddered from the impact. She tightened her hold, as the ocean of processed water came dangerously close to leaking out. On-screen, the ball bounced right past her character.

“Miia! You’re supposed to hit the ball back.”

“Yes, I know how to play tennis.” Miia replied through gritted teeth. The next time the ball came her way, she swatted it back across the court. Then, wrapping her tail around Papi’s leg she tripped her right as the ball went by.

“Miia!”

“Now we’re even.” Miia replied, smugly, while rubbing a hand over her strained bladder.

Miia geared up to swing the controller again, but stopped when she saw Kaya enter the room out of her peripheral vision. The dog-girl glanced at the TV, but didn’t show much interest. She appeared to be simply strolling through the living room on her way to the kitchen. Miia’s grip on the controller tightened, nearly to the point of snapping the plastic when she noticed that Kaya was carrying the blue, nylon leash in her mouth. Miia slithered after the canine, dropping her controller onto the carpet, much to Papi’s disappointment.

“Will you take me outside again, master?” Miia heard Kaya ask, her voice muffled as she held her head high to offer the leash to Kimihito. Miia peeked at them from behind the entrance to the kitchen.

“Yeah, sure.” He replied with a smile. “I need to wait for these to dry anyway.” He gestured at the stack of clean dishes stacked neatly in the sink. “Maybe you can help me put them away when we come back in.”

Then, as she watched her Darling buckle the leash to Kaya’s collar, and push open the sliding door, Miia slithered into the room. “Oh Darling, will you let me come outside too.”

They both stared at her before Kimihito spoke. “Huh? What for?”

“I really really have to pee Darling.” Miia said, holding her hands to her bladder and wriggling her tail back and forth across the spotless kitchen floor. She waited for some sort of sparkle in his eye or blush on his face to betray his arousal. What she got instead was a chuckle and the shake of his head.

“Miia, you’re not a dog-girl. You still have to use the toilet.”

Damn. Miia thought. The one flaw in my plan. Ok, come up with something on the spot. “B-but Darling,” she stammered for time until an excuse came to her. “The toilet is broken! I meant to tell you earlier, but I forgot.”

“Broken?” He replied.

“Yep! The water isn’t filling up anymore and it’s making funny noises, I don’t want to go near it.” Miia mentally congratulated herself for thinking something up quickly. She was happy to see that, judging by his expression, Kimihito believed her.

“Again? I need to go check it out.” He said, and made to step away from the door before Kaya planted an arm firmly on his shoulder. “Master I need to go outside right now.” It didn’t look like she was exaggerating. Kaya’s tail had stopped dead, but her wiggling hips were making up for the lost motion. She was shifting her weight from one leg to the other, tapping her feet in a comical pee-dance.

Witnessing that display happening above the tile floor he’d spent all morning cleaning clearly convinced Kimihito to abandon his plan. Rather than investigating the toilet, he hastened the desperate dog-girl outside. Miia crept along behind.

The afternoon was fading, with dusk creeping in on the horizon. The side of the house seemed to glow orange as it caught the last light of the setting sun. The grass, similarly, looked golden in hue. A cool breeze caused Miia to shiver. She felt especially exposed without panties beneath her skirt, but she wasn’t about to head back inside. She had important work to do.

Kaya wasted no time at all. Hardly bothering to sniff around the way she had before, she darted straight towards the first available patch of grass, dragging Kimihito helplessly after her. The second her feet touched the lawn, she dropped into a low squat. A heavy stream of urine sprayed the ground beneath her with the sound of a garden hose.

“Ahhh…” Kaya sighed, holding the back of her skirt up off the ground with her raised tail. “That was a close call. Thank you, master.” She tilted her head towards him, clearly begging to be petted.

Pathetic. Miia thought as she slithered past this display. But she couldn’t hide the fact that the sounds of Kaya’s release caused the pain in her own bladder to spike to impossible levels. She bit her lip, holding her hands to her groin as she looked for the perfect spot. She had to make sure the lighting was good enough for Darling to see everything, but she was fighting a losing battle to hold back the raging river. She gasped as she felt a trail of warm liquid trickling down her scales. But just in time she reached the flower bed, the same spot Kaya had drained herself upon earlier. The ground was still sodden with dog pee, her nostrils could detect the stale odor, but it was no matter.. She was about to wash it all away and show her Darling what a lamia’s bladder was capable of.

Miia swiftly pulled her skirt up, exposing the opening at the very bottom of her human half as she allowed the dam to break. A thick jet of daffodil-yellow liquid blasted forward with a hiss that rivaled what her own voice was capable of. The tightly-pressurized column of fluid glinted in the dying sunlight before crashing down into the flower bed. It spattered leaves, tore petals from stems, and muddied the dirt in one unstoppable onslaught.

If Kaya was gushing onto the ground like a garden hose, Miia was flooding the flower bed like a fire hydrant. She would have bet money that even Centorea couldn’t compete.

“Ooohhhhhhh…Ooooohhhhh....Ahhh….” Her sighs and moans of relief rolled from her lips. Perhaps she embellished these a little to get her Darling’s attention. Though, the sputtering, splattering stream was more than capable of rousing the whole neighborhood on its own.

“Miia! You’re-” Kimihito began, as if he were about to scold her, but his inflection softened as he took in the immense power of her stream. “What… How is that even possible?”

“Impressed, Darling?” Miia beamed, tilting her head and trying to look as cute as possible while her piss stream ravaged the flower bed.

Kimihito opened his mouth, but Miia never heard his reply, because it was silenced by a harsh, guttural growl from the dog-girl. Kaya was back on her feet, glaring at Miia as her tail stiffened.

“Hey!” She shouted, in a voice entirely devoid of her usual playfulness. “That’s my spot!”

By the change in behavior, Miia could only assume Kaya was referring to the fact that her scent was being washed off of the flower bed with every wave of urine she pumped out. Unintimidated by the growl, Miia actually relished in Kaya’s annoyance.

“Oops, Guess it’s mine now.” She teased. Then, she swayed her hips from side to side tauntingly, sending the streaming jet of urine wide to cover every inch of the flower bed. Already, the yellow puddle of lamia urine had become too much for the soil to absorb. In numerous places, rivers of it were leaking out onto the surrounding bricks, carrying the flower petals and leaves knocked loose in the carnage. Even when it all dried up, her bitter scent would be impossible to wash away. “When I’m done it will be mine forever, just like Darling!” She shouted.

“Fine, have it!” Kaya fired back, turning away in disgust, “I’ll just take this instead.” Miia watched as the dog-girl stomped over to the patio. Kimihito tried to resist, but Kaya moved with such strength that the end of the leash was ripped from his hand. She reached the patio and hoisted up her skirt, before squatting down over the center of the stone surface.”

“Hey!” Miia hissed. ”That’s where I sunbathe!”

“No wonder it smells bad,” Kaya replied, continuing with the uncharacteristically callous attitude. “I’ll fix it.” She sighed and at once began darkening the stones with a deluge of dog piss. The stiffness in her tail faded, and it began wagging happily behind her once more. The splattering of urine on stone was loud enough to echo off the sides of neighboring houses. It was louder even than what Miia was pumping out. Enraged, Miia was forced to abandon the flower bed. Stopping her stream as quickly as if she’d put a cork in it, she slithered across the grass. She didn’t head towards Kaya and the patio though. No, she had a better idea.

Miia drew level with the exterior wall of the house, picking a spot right beside the sliding glass door that led back into the kitchen. She braced a hand against the clapboard siding, lifting her skirt with the other. Then, she simply allowed her bladder to get back to work, and began coating the small section of white wall with her own yellow paint. She found that she had to back away slightly, as the splash-back from pissing on this surface seemed particularly violent. She sighed as the pressure in her bladder eased, but this was no longer just about relief.

“Looks like the house is all mine.” She gloated, swaying her tail to direct her upper half back and forth, spreading the stream wide in a more even coat. The yellow lamia urine dripped down and pooled along the walkway, finding its way into the cracks between the bricks. “Guess you’ll have to sleep outside, huh dog-breath?”

Kaya laughed over the combined splashing of both streams raging at full force. “You can’t claim something that big just by peeing on a tiny part of it.” She chided. “Stop pretending you know how to mark territory.”

“What are you two doing?!” Kimihito shouted. Miia wondered if he’d simply been too dumbstruck by the sheer insanity of a pissing contest happening right in front of him to say anything until now. “My flowers, my patio, my house. What’s next?” He questioned both girls, looking sternly at them.

Miia stared right back at him. Her Darling. Her whole world, her future husband. Kaya could have the yard, hell she could have the whole house, so long as that human belonged to her. Miia stopped her stream and glanced at Kaya. Their eyes met. Lamia weren’t mind readers, but somehow Miia knew that they were both thinking the exact same thing.

At once, they charged him. Kaya’s sprinting legs carried her faster than Miia’s tail could move. The dog-girl skidded to a halt a foot away from Kimihito, turned to the side and hiked one leg up, taking aim at his feet. “Kaya no!” He screamed.

“Just a little splash to make you mine, master!” She panted. This quick explanation gave Miia enough time to catch up. She smacked Kaya aside with the bulk of her tail, sending her sprawling on the ground, piss sprayed the grass, but narrowly missed its intended target.

“Hold still, Darling!” Miia ordered, facing Kimihito and lifting up her skirt. But just as she began to open the dam once more, a kick sent her flailing to the ground, her urine splattering harmlessly onto the grass.

“Ok, not your shoes, but at least let me get your leg?” Kaya begged. Miia watched her circling around Kimihito looking for a good angle. Just as she started to raise her leg again, Miia used her tail to snag Kaya by the foot and drag her screaming to the ground.

“You stay away from my Darling!” Miia shouted. But the victory was short-lived.

“I’ll make him mine!” Kaya sprung from the ground, urine streaming down her legs, forgetting to stop the flow in her rage. She tackled the lamia. Miia felt the dog-girl’s head collide with her midsection, immediately causing her to lose control of her own bladder.

###

Kimihito watched as the two girls rolled on the grass, grappling with each other, piss flying, hair being pulled, outfits being torn. This had all gotten way out of hand. It was time to put a stop to this before someone got seriously hurt.

“Hey!” He yelled, taking a few steps towards them. What could he possibly say to get them to stop? Stop fighting? Knock it off? None of those really carried any conviction. Fortunately, it turned out he didn’t need to say anything at all. There was a sudden rustling in the grass directly in front of him. The rippling pattern through the grass made him think of a snake. Not a lamia, but a real garden snake. That was, until he saw its blue color.

The leash was racing across the grass, as Miia and Kaya’s fighting pulled at one end. But where’s the other end? Kimihito wondered, seeing all slack pulled out of the cord. Then, he felt a hard tug on his foot. Oh.

“Master!”

“Darling!”

The two fighting girls released their grip on each other at once when Kimihito fell backward and came crashing down onto the ground.

Kimihito groaned as he sat up. Stupid leash, he thought as he kicked the blue loop off of his foot. There was a sharp pain in the back of his neck, making him wonder if he’d landed on a rock.

“Darling I’m sorry!” Miia said, offering a hand to help Kimihito to his feet. “I should have been by your side protecting you, not fighting!”

“Master, it’s all my fault!” Kaya cried, holding out her own hand. “The leash was tied to me so I made you fall. Please let me make it up to you.”

“Relax, both of you. I’m still alive.” Kimihito said, taking both hands and allowing the two girls to pull him to his feet together. When they did, he looked at each of them in turn. “Now listen, you two are going to have to learn to get along before someone gets seriously injured.”

“But she…” Miia began to interrupt, but Kimihito cut her off. He wasn’t about to let the fight happen all over again.

“No buts.” He said. “I don’t want to hear any more fighting about who claims what. We all share this house.” He looked at them. Miia was still frowning, breathing rapidly through her nose, not yet over her rage. Meanwhile Kaya’s lip was quivering, and tears were welling in her eyes. Kimihito remarked that her first day in a new place might have contributed to her snapping at Miia. At the same time, Miia needed her own time to adjust to a new girl in the house. It was just her personality. What they both needed most of all was time, and perhaps a filling meal to help smooth things over.

Kimihito reached out with both hands and patted each girl on the head. Kaya tried to stifle a moan as she nuzzled her head into his hand. Conversely, Miia seemed to shy away, as if melting beneath his touch into a blushing, whimpering mess.

“To settle this whole thing,” he began after a while, turning to show both girls that the back of his shirt, pants, and even his hair was drenched from falling into the combined puddle that had been pissed around him. “I think you both got me.”

“Sure you don’t want just a little more from me, master?” Kaya asked, smiling as she finished wiping the tears from her eyes.

“Quite sure,” Kimihito replied. “Let’s get back inside, it’s time to make dinner. And I think I’ll put you both to work to make up for things.”

Kimihito opened the sliding door and led the way back into the kitchen, grateful that the ordeal was over.

HSSSSssssssssssssss

“Miia?” He turned to glance at her, only to find that she was simply trying to readjust her hair, and definitely not hissing at anybody. No, the sound was almost certainly running water. Had he left the sink on that whole time?

Kimihito looked towards the sink only to find the round butt of a certain blue-feathered harpy on full display.

“P-Papi?!” He stammered.

She was perched on the edge of the sink, talons clenched on the basin, with her large wings folded neatly at her sides. Her petite form was positioned in a low squat, and from between her legs Kimihito spotted a thin, pale-yellow stream trickling into the sink, directly onto the stack of clean dishes he’d left to dry. Kimihito fell to his knees as he watched the harpy’s spraying urine drizzle onto every polished plate and glittering glass.

“Ahh…” Papi sighed, gently, before gradually turning her head and noticing the others watching in horror. “Oh, hi!” She said with a shy, but unapologetic, blushing smile. “Papi overheard that the toilet was broken.”

MonsterGirlsFinal.pdf

*002*2020-05-02 14:31

Oops, just noticed how dark the text looks in the post. It looked normal for me when I posted because I have a dark mode plugin. The pdf should still look fine though.

