AuthorFaust's Fire Emblem Heroes Adventures

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2017-04-28 06:52

AuthorFaust: For those who have already seen this: Right now Faust is just copying over the Fire Emblem Story to a different thread. So, nothing new has appeared..yet.

But, Faust just figured it was actually investing enough of a story for Faust, that he wanted to make it a bit easier to find, at a later time...And, the assorted fic thread is for..well, Assorted Fics. So, please...Bear with Faust a bit longer. He'll have an update on this soon.....

###

[Chapter 1: Beginnings]

"Ugh....This should make about six, now.."

Six times, he'd wandered through the worlds....Six times, he'd arrived in this world, and refreshed his existence there....

Six times, he'd re-rolled his fate in this world.....And, hopefully, it would be his last.

"First, I need to direct Anna.." he called, answering the red haired girl's stock response of summoning him into the world......And the arrival of enemies. He raised his hand at this, pointing in the direction of an approaching Emblema solider....The red haired commander turning.

"On it..!" she called out, brandishing a large axe. Anna was a modestly endowed figure, with a red ponytail..and brilliant, golden armor. The typical armor of the Askr Empire, it seemed....And some very high crimson and golden boots.

She wielded an axe with noticeable skill.....And as she felled the foe before them with a pair of strikes...He continued along.

"Alright, let's keep moving Commander." he called to the woman, starting along..Thinking maybe...maybe this would be the one time....

"Oh damn...More soliders..! We're outnumbered..!"

...

'Never CAN get lucky with this sort of thing..' he addressed to himself flatly, before brandishing the divine artifact, Breidabrik, for the first...Arranged summon of the world...

"Virion..!" he called out, a regal looking man with silvery-blue hair emerging from what looked like the air...Brandishing a bow. His outfit looked not unlike the average noble, blue material accented by his white cravat.....As much as the summoner wanted to just call it a bib. "Attack that enemy! Anna, Follow up!"

It was like clockwork to him. The arrows would connect, and Anna's strike would fell the enemy. Then, an enemy archer would fire at Anna....

"Now, my skill Night Sky is..."

And she'd retaliate with a powerful strike of her axe, felling the man in a single blow. It was all the same as usual.....

"Right...We should leave, before we get found again." he added to the red haired girl, who nodded.

"Yes. Let's get a move on."

He'd found this world by almost accident, hearing about it from the other authors....Lightly experimenting time and again. Soon enough, he was taken to the Askr Empire...And, showed around a fair bit....

After the proper processes, shown around the castle...He moved straight for the summoning grounds....

"At this point, they start me off with enough for a full five summon, at least..." he stated, before glancing at the mass of orbs in a conjured space, provided by the deities of the world. "Maybe two..."

The summoning grounds were a mystical place. A stone platform with a magical rune in the center....And a pillar, with an indentation for the orbs.

"Process is simple enough.." the summoner called, settling down the set of orbs as he narrated himself.. "Set the orbs in place, stand in middle.."

The orbs started to glow, a mixture of Red and white.

"Load said orb into indentation.."

He lifted one of the red orbs, and slotted it into the indentation.

"Fire Breidabrik."

He held up the gun-like artifact, and pulled the trigger....Firing out a surge of energy that amassed in the orb.

The orbs would glow upon receiving the energy....Kick up some smoke, and then it would manifest in the form of a legendary Hero, from across the worlds.

'Or, as we tend to know them...The games.' the Summoner thought, folding his arms. 'Starting with a red should be safe enough. Hey, maybe I could get a real cutie. Like Lucina, or even Tiki.'

The summoner smiled lightly at the thought, losing himself in the pillowing smoke a bit.

'I wouldn't mind getting called Onii-Chan again for a bit.'

He could feel a slight rumble under his feet at this......Snapping out of his trance in time for the figure to emerge....Bracing...

"Oooh..a rare one.." he noted, as the energy finally settled on a form....Green hair catching his eyes at first......

Followed swiftly by blue armor, and a familiar...brilliant blade...wielded in the left hand..

"Ah....It's.."

"My name is Alm, the leader of the Deliverance." the hero answered....Male, and looking a bit younger than expected. "You can count on me to take up my sword for your cause."

"It's nice to meet you, Alm." the summoner answered politely, offering his hand out in a shake. "The commander will be here to show you to your room soon enough. Welcome to the Askr Empire."

"Understood!" the boy called, lifting up his weapon. "My Falchion and I will serve you well."

The summoner nodded his head, as he started to repeat the process for the other orbs.

"Three colorless orbs.." the summoner stated, going through each summon in turn. First, a man with brown hair, and a red scarf....

'..An upgraded thief...'

A bit of smoke kicked up....followed by a slightly older man, with white hair and an eyepatch...

'That perverse archer...'

And, yet another archer...but, with blonde hair, and a purple outfit...

'And Klein. ....Not the worst.' the Summoner called, giving him the same response of sending him to his room as he did to Alm, and the others....

"Well..just...Just one red orb left." the summoner called to himself, sounding a bit distressed. He held the orb close to his face, as he started to whisper quietly to it...

"Tiki...Tiki...Tiki..." he chanted...."I'll settle for a Tharja, or a Lucina.."

He slotted the orb into position, and readied Breidabrik again. He held his breath, crossed his fingers metaphorically...and...

Bang...!

The energy coursed through the red orb....Starting to glow anew.

'C'mon.....C'mon...!'

A rush of billowing smoke....

'Yesss.....!'

A small rumble of the earth...

'Yesssss..!!!'

And, a flash of blue hair. He gasped softly....Before seeing some shoulder pauldrons, and an unfamiliar blade held at the side. A sharp exhale, attempting to hide his disappointment later, he appraised the figure. Long blue bangs...A flowing cape, and white gloves....

"I am Seliph, a Son pledged to fufilling a wish my father made as he died a bitter death......To battle Darkness."

"R...Right...Right." the summoner called, starting to compose himself. "Welcome to the Order of Heroes, Seliph..."

"I will aid you as best as I can, Summoner.." Seliph called, bowing his head. "My Tyrfing and I will endure any hardship that comes our way, to protect you."

"I'll be counting on you." the summoner called, gesturing aside. "Go ahead and step this way: Commander Anna should be arriving shortly to escort you to your quarters."

"Yessir."

The summoner lightly folded his arms, sighing lightly as soon as Seliph was out of earshot.

"I mean, two five star units is better than I've been getting.." he addressed, taking a tensed breath. "But, they're both reds....and both guys. Man, what's a guy gotta do to get a waifu around here?"

He considered scattering his essence, and re-constituting it...repeating the process he'd been enduring for the past few days...But relented, looking down at his bag.

"Just...barely have enough for one more full summon." he called, starting to pull them out. "If I don't get like, a Nino, a Cordelia, or just...some female, I might just have to re-roll again.."

He moved to the center of the summoning platform again, watching as the orbs manifested into different colors...Looking over them again.

"A Blue...Two Red..and two colorless.." the summoner stated, rubbing his head. "Well, no Nino to be found here.."

He moved over to lift the blue orb, settling it into the summoning pedestal again. He stepped back, and fired his tool yet again...Watching as it shimmered...

'No smoke....Means..' he noted as it formed...a younger looking boy, with a metallic pot on his head and a makeshift spear in his hand appearing.

'Farmboy..'

He lifted one of the colorless orbs, and fired again...Seeing a familiar figure.

'Gah, that same thief again..!' he snapped, seeing the brown haired thief he already summoned appear anew. It was...irritating to get mulitple iterations of the same hero, but he had to at least see the summoning through...lest he waste the orbs he'd used.

A red orb was loaded....Though, while his hopes were high, no signalling smoke meant that the figure that emerged would be...

'Well..At least this one is a girl..' he addressed, moving over to help a girl with long purple hair, and a flowing cape stay on her feet. 'But...She's a three star..'

He gently escorted the girl down the steps, as he moved back to the last two orbs...Another red, and another colorless one.

"Luck be a lady tonight..!" he called to himself, slotting the red orb in, and firing...watching....and slumping pre-emptively...

"No smoke..which means.." he started before the summoning even finished......A figure with orange hair emerging....Wielding a simple steel sword, and blue armor.

"My name is Eliwood. I am the ruler of.."

The summoner wasn't entirely listening...But, he nodded along politely. The man was a legendary figure to this world, responsible for a war long ago...Yet...

'Why do I keep getting all these three-stars?' he thought to himself, almost not wanting to pick up the last orb....But, relenting. 'I mean, I don't expect another five star, but would it be too much to ask for at least a four star?'

He held Breidabrik up high without even thinking anymore, firing it at the orb haphazardly. A few seconds passed....

Ksssshhh

A surge of pillowing smoke.....Enough to catch the summoner's eye.

'Oooh, maybe I can get a healer.' he thought, as he wafted through the possibilities. 'Like Elise, or Sakura, or..'

The ground started to rumble again...and the Summoner's eyes lit up.

'Ooooh!!! A Five star! Forget a healer, it might be a Taku-.'

The Surge of energy burst out at this...Forming in front of the summoner. He shielded his eyes for a few moments, before looking through the smoke....

'A Bow...' he thought, giddy...Before seeing a completely unfamiliar figure holding it. A girl, with dusty blonde hair that trailed over her shoulder in braided twintails, and a respectable figure with a more than modest bust. Her attire was rather plain...A large, tannish-red dress with a matching shawl, and some brown boots.... The summoner found himself looking her over a few more times quietly....leaving the girl to approach him, rather than the opposite.

"My name is Faye." she started, with an easy bow. "I'm glad to help. I've trained with the Deliverance, you know...."

"Ah...Right. I'm-" the summoner started, unsure of how to properly respond....Before suddenly feeling the girl's hand taking his. "Ah..? Is something.."

He felt his hand being lifted up to the girl's face, as she took in a deep breath...Smelling it?

"You smell like Alm...Have you seen him?" she called out in a low voice...barely above a whisper. The summoner visibly flinched at this, blinking in surprise.

"Ah..? Oh..Erm...Ah..." he stated quietly, thinking back a bit....Before recollecting the boy with green hair. "O..Oh yeah. He's here too! I summoned him earlier, and..."

He felt the girl get uncomfortably close to him, her chestnut-colored eyes gazing into his intensely.

"Take me to him..."

The summoner froze at this...The summoning ritual fading around them, as he held his ground for a few tensed moments...feeling his heart skip a beat.

"I...Sure..!" he answered after a pause....the girl slowly backing up, with a warm, easy smile.

"Thank you very much summoner." she called out in what sounded like a sincere tone, letting her hands rest behind her back. "Please, lead the way."

It wasn't unheard of for one of the summons to know another......Or to want to see one another. After all, the only real changes in demeanor he ever noticed was that they would loyally follow his orders in battle. They were still people.....

'Well, as much as they can be, at least...' he thought to himself as he started down the halls, glancing around for the telltale green hair, turning a bit.

"So....what do you like to do, Faye?' he called quietly, attempting to make small talk with the villager.

"Oh? Well....I like to pick flowers...." she started, lightly pressing her fingers to her chin. "And....selling flowers too!"

"I...see.." he answered back quietly, pausing as he saw the blue haired swordsman, Seliph again.

"Ah....Did you need something?" the man called out quickly, seeing the look in the summoner's eyes.

"Hm? Oh, yeah." the summoner replied, before glancing a bit at Faye. "Did you...see where Alm went? He's that swordsman with green hair, and.."

"Oh, he went to the training grounds." Seliph called, with a small nod. "Said he wanted to work hard. I should join him.."

It was barely a moment to pass for the summoner to turn around, before Faye was gone. He hesitated....But decided it was probably for the best if he'd just let the girl wander a bit....

"She'll...find it eventually." he told himself as he started along....Wondering just what kind of group he'd summoned this time...

......

............

"Yes, Yes...I know how to use an assist skill." the Summoner called after having gone through the rest of the hand-holding tutorial levels, gesturing with his hands. "Seliph, Alm! Take out Xander! Faye, take out that archer!"

"Do my best..." the blonde girl called, darting forward fearlessly, and pulling back an arrow. The summoner braced as he waited for the other unit to fight back....But, in surprise, noticed that he merely recoiled....Not even readying an arrow in response.

'Huh...That's new.' The summoner called, directing the Commander to finish off the Archer with her mighty axe...As the two swordsmen clashed with the horseback foe. As powerful as he could be, even he couldn't handle being outnumbered....And, in no time at all, the enemy forces were retreating.

"We did it!" the Commander called, grinning. "Good job summoner!"

The summoner chuckled lightly, starting back with the others. Yet....

"Thank you for your sound tactical advice, milord." Alm's kind voice called, clasping a hand on his shoulder. The summoner could be seen buckling a bit, but merely smiled, and nodded.

"We...Well, it was your hard work that won the day." he called, turning to Seliph. "You two....You and your Tyrfing are impressive as Alm's Falchion."

"Ah...You flatter me..." Seliph retorted, modestly. "It was thanks to Alm that I was able to catch him off guard. Thank you..."

"And Faye's arrow struck tru.." the summoner added...Finding the blonde haired girl nowhere to be seen. He paused....tilting his head a bit. "Where...did she go?"

"Don't tell me you didn't notice?" the commander mused, striding up to him. "Her rigid posture....Her tone of voice...."

"Ah..?" the summoner replied, as Seliph seemed to avert his gaze.

"Oh, so it's....that." he called, lightly brushing his hair back. "I..erm..didn't want to say anything..."

"Huh? What are you talking about..?"

It took the summoner a few moments more than he would have liked to understand what they meant....But, he felt a slight flush forming. She hadn't seemed...that tense when he was watching her. Her long legs weren't exactly pressed together, and....

...

'Oh God, I was staring at her, wasn't I?' he noted to himself, shaking his head.

"Ah, it's fine. I'm going to go train some more..." Alm called as they returned to the castle, heading down the path towards the training grounds. "Just...call me if you're in need, Summoner."

"Ah, permit me to join you.." Seliph called, pacing along with him. "I find training most effective with a partner..."

The summoner watched the two swordsmen start off together, and he let out a small sigh, glancing down at his pouch.

'I suppose I could try to summon again..' he thought, glancing down at the orbs within. 'I've got enough for two, if I...'

As if like clockwork, his pouch suddenly seemed to pop open...A single orb starting to roll away.

"Oh for the love of Naga..." he snapped, starting after it in a grumpy huff.

A small distance of rolling later though, as he scooped it up.....

"Oh Alm..." a familiar voice called, commanding his attention. "Can't you see how much I love you?"

The summoner looked up to see the familiar blonde hair, peering through a bush. He didn't need binoculars to know where the girl's attention was....pacing quietly closer to see the training grounds just within visibility of her location.

'Oh wow...She's a stalker..' he thought to himself, quietly pocketing the runaway orb...As he started to take a step back. 'I'd better...."

The sudden rustling of the bush caught his ears far too easily....And, as much as he wanted to retreat, his eyes found their way back to the girl's figure...Now hunched over in a kneeling position.

"Mmmmth...What would you have done, if you'd seen this..?" Faye's voice called out to the air, as she started to lift up her long dress...Revealing some lightly pale, creamy white thighs....And.....

"How you make me feel.....and....That I..."

A completely bare bottom, some sort of fluid trailing down her thighs. The summoner's face glew bright red at this....As he struggled to tear his eyes away from the sight.....

"Ahhhnn......"

Though, far too late to miss the show. A low, quiet trickling sound could be heard...as a small stream started to spray onto the ground at her feet, splashing noisily as she let out a soft, groan.

"Ohhhhhh...Oh Alm.... What would you do if you stumbled into me like this...?" she whispered to herself, her sputtering stream consistently squirting out of her. "Just...beyond my limits of control.....Unable to do anything but hike up my dress and.....Go."

The Summoner covered his mouth at this in an attempt to mask his breathing...The girl's stream splashing away merrily as Faye continued her inquisition.

"Would you scold me for waiting too long? Or, for daring to not wear anything under my dress?" she continued to ask, lightly bucking her hips. "Or maybe, you'd know that I've been going through so many garments around you that I quite simply can't....Keep...Dry.."

He could see her stream losing force.....Even as liquid glistened on her thighs....And, he knew he had to get out of there...He had to avoid being seen...

But.....

"Ohhhhhhh...." the girl's voice softly groaned...And he started to step away..

Crunch....

'Shit..!'

A rogue tree-branch, trodden on at the worst possible time. The Summoner flinched, held his breath, and prayed...Hoping that maybe....

"I know you're there."

A sudden shift in tone, the sweetly, naughty girl's voice gaining a fierce edge....And in just as many moments...The summoner could feel his blood run cold...

"Come out...slowly."

Every part of him wanted to run....Every fabric of his being screamed at him to leave the world, and never return.....

But, rational thought had left him...he'd merely complied, stepping out with his hands up.

"I'm sorry! I was just trying to follow this orb and...." he immediately confessed....His eyes slammed shut as if to pretend he hadn't had that amazing view....Pausing only when he felt something shockingly cold on his neck...

"How long...have you been there?" the girl's voice called....As he dared to open an eye...

"I...erm...I just..." he started, noticing an arrowtip held to his throat. "I...I heard you talking about Alm! And...and what you were wondering...and..and.."

He braced himself for the worst.....feeling the cold against his neck press a bit harder.....Followed by a sudden warmth on his shoulder, the girl's head now resting on his shoulder...

"I can smell Alm on you.." she mused again, in her softer....but still chilling tone. "You're the tactician.....So, I won't do anything......."

A sharp pain sparked through his body, the girl's teeth sinking into the shoulder that Alm had patted a short while ago...

"Yet."

He felt his whole body freeze up anew, feeling the girl's tongue lashing over him....Before pulling back with the same smile as when she first greeted him...Hiding her terrifying visage behind a sweet...innocent smile...

"But, you must not tell Alm of what you saw here.." she added, in a much more relaxed tone. "A maiden's heart is a sensitive thing....and I wish to confess at my own pace. I don't wish for anyone to spoil my affections for him. Understood?"

The Summoner merely nodded quietly, too afraid to even address the other part of what he'd seen...The girl's fingers brushing against his lips.

"As for peeping in on me, in such a delicate moment.." she interjected almost immediately, the Summoner's body visibly flinching and bracing for another assault.....Opening his eyes again after a few mere moments to a gentle smile.

"I don't see the harm in permitting you to watch....As proper compensation for bringing Alm and I together in this world as well...... Without any of those...troublesome girls to distract him...I can properly take my time expressing my love."

The summoner could feel his heart beating again at this, wondering if he'd gotten off of the hook for the accident....Before the girl's eyes shifted again.

"But know this..." she started again, her voice dropping to the menacing tone. "If you do...anything to sully my chances with Alm.... You WILL regret it."

"U...U..Understood!" the summoner called, nodding his head so hard he felt like it was going to fall off.....

"Wonderful!" she mused, her hand rubbing the same shoulder as before. "I'm glad we could have this talk. Now, you must be tired, Summoner. Please, get some rest for me, okay?"

"Y..Yes Ma'am!" he started, before seeing the girl's eyes darken again. "I..I mean Faye...!"

The girl's eyes brightened again, and he spared no further second to put as much distance between him and the girl again.

Darting through the halls, past the commander, the prince, and the princess, he hurriedly returned to his room, and almost completely collapsed onto the bed.

"Gods, what did I get myself into this time..?" he stated, brushing his hand over the bite mark on his shoulder. "I shouldn't stay here...It would be dangerous...."

But....

'But....'

He couldn't help but feel...a little more invested in this world than he had been before. Was it the implied death threat? Or.....

..

.........

"Mmm....He's not quite Alm, but...."

[Chapter 1: Beginnings, End]

============================================================================================================================================================

[Chatper 2: Dangerous]

[Dangerous, Part 1]

The next morning came all too soon, it felt....As the summoner quietly pushed himself out of bed.

"Nnngh...Maybe it was all some kind of bad dream.." he thought to himself audibly, rubbing the side of his head. "I..I mean..."

He shook off the thoughts of the previous night, feeling at his shoulder absentmindedly....And feeling the little marks.

"....I should do that summoning.." he remarked to himself to try to distance himself from the memories, quickly gathering his robe and darting down the halls.

"Good morning, summoner!" Seliph's voice calls as he practically zoomed past him, with a wave.

"Hi Seliph, Bye Seliph." he quipped, taking a left...and then a right.

"Morning, Summoner!" Alm politely greeted, as the summoner weaved past him as well.

"Hi Alm Bye Alm." he added, picking up the pace a bit. He wasn't exactly excited to do some summoning...rather, he was trying to avoid....

"Ah, Summoner!" the only person he couldn't blow off called out, freezing him in his tracks. "We've got a new recruit."

"C..Commander Anna.." he groaned quietly, before turning his head and...

....

"Hello...! You must be..the tactician around here?"

An unfamiliar girl, who was a little taller than him. With long, green hair that trailed down her back....A form-hugging sort of short dress...a white chest plate....

"Ah...Y..yes.." the summoner called, glancing down at her long legs...covered by what looked like some black tights, and knee-high boots. "I'm..."

"Hehehe...You're staring, you know?" she pointed out to him quietly, prompting a face-flush from the summoner. "It's okay, don't feel bad about it. I'm Palla, of the Macedonian Whitewings."

The summoner lightly snapped to attention, extending his hand out to the green haired girl.

"N..nice to meet you.." he called out lightly, as she took his hand. "Um..White Wings?"

"Named for the Pegasus they ride." Anna whispered into his ear, the boy flinching again.

"A..Ah...Right..!" he sounded, as Palla chuckled.

"Don't be afraid to come to me if you have any trouble." she assured, smiling a gentle, warm smile. "I've two younger siblings, so I've always been good at supporting people."

"I..I'll keep that in mind." the summoner remarked, nodding his head as Palla started off....Trying to shake off his embarrassment.

"Oh, and....Faye wanted to see you too..By the way." Anna added in a slightly matter-of-fact way. "Something about breakfast. Don't move too fast with her now, summoner."

"C..Commander..!" he stammered out far too late, watching as the mischievous redhead stuck her tongue out teasingly...And strode off to leave him alone with his thoughts.

"...W..Well, I can always summon afterwards.." he remarked to himself, quietly. "I..I'd better see what Faye wants..."

He could tell himself he didn't have to see her.....But, a small voice in his head told him it would be a bad idea to ignore her, and he reluctantly agreed. The summoner strode down the halls once more, passing by several other figures conversing, debating, and otherwise communicating with one another...Before pushing his way into the kitchen.

"Faye....? Are you in he-" he barely started, before seeing those familiar twinbraids...Dusty blonde hair quickly giving way to a.....worryingly sweet grin.

"Oh good morning, Summoner!" she called out in far too perky of a tone compared to the previous night. "I just thought that you deserved a little something for bringing me and Alm together in this world again. Sooooooo....I made you some breakfast!"

"R..Really..?" the summoner's mouth remarked, before he could properly stop himself, sheepishly taking a seat.. "U..Um..T..Thanks.."

"Ehehehe...No problem." she sounded in an almost song-like tone, as she set a plate of...remarkably normal looking food in front of him. The summoner paused for a bit, hesitantly reaching for a utensil as the girl watched him...eerily...

"No need to worry! It's perfectly safe." she mused, in a gently teasing tone. "Go on, eat up!"

'I feel like it would be unwise to accept her offer..' he thought, looking it over....before sticking in a spoonful. 'But, somehow I think it'd be more dangerous if I declined.'

He took a careful first bite...expecting something foul, or toxic...But instead....

"This is....Amazing..!" he called, before starting to dig in hungrily, his body finally seeming to remember how long it'd been since he'd eaten. "Faye, what...What did you put in this?"

"Ohhh, you know." she mused, letting a hand rest on her cheek. "The usual ingredients....A little bit of love.....And a bit of Crocus Sativus."

"Ah, I see.." he sounded, quietly between bites....Before visibly pausing. "Wait....A bit of what?"

"Hm? Crocus Sativus?" Faye inquired lightly, as she rest her head in her hand. "It's more commonly known as Saffron....An Aphrodisiac."

The summoner dropped his spoon, feeling his body starting to become..uncomfortably warm and tensed.

"Oh, looks like I used enough..." Faye mused, as she moved closer to the summoner's view, and knowingly knelt down so his eyes were level with her... considerable bust. "Well, then we can get to what I really wanted to talk about."

The Summoner tried his damnedest to tear his eyes away from the girl's dress, and some exposed cleavage....Fruitlessly.

"Now, I know we just got a new recruit." she stated quietly, in her menacing tone. "Miss Palla. Whitewing. You've met, I'm sure..."

"Y..Y..Yes.." the summoner stammered, still feebly trying to avert his gaze....his body starting to lightly quiver as his mind wandered. If her outfit went down a few more inches.....

"I would never suggest denying our army additional manpower..." Faye added coyly, as she shifted her arms a bit to lightly push her bosom out a bit more, making them look even larger than before. "But...Goodness knows I don't want Alm making eyes at another woman. So, I have a request..."

"Y..Y..Yes..?" he feebly sounded, wanting nothing more than to leap onto her, and pop her bust free of her dress, and.....

"Put Alm on training duty." she called, squeezing her arms around again. "Double down, even."

"D..Double..." the summoner mouthed lightly, prompting a few giggles from the menacing village girl.

"I'll decide for myself if she's going to be a problem...." Faye added, lightly inching back. "But until then, you are to bring her and me along in our battles......Understood?"

"Y..Y..Yes.." he weakly sounded, finally managing enough willpower to clasp his eyes shut...A soft, lithe finger brushing against his cheek.

"You do that..." the girl added, as she leaned into his ear, something soft pressing into his side. "And I'll...help you with your little..Problem. Sound like a deal?"

He couldn't think of any way out of this...and he certainly wasn't sure how much longer he could keep up a firm resistance....So...

"D..D..D..Deal..!" he sounded out in a shaky stutter, as the feeling of her body suddenly backed away.

"Perfect! I'll be waiting then, Summoner!" she mused, back in her usual, pleasant tone. "See you inna bit"

The summoner froze for a few moments, seeing the various cooking implements scattered around the kitchen....worrying about what he'd gotten himself into, despite all of the lustful thoughts plaguing him....

'Gods.....She's....a dangerous woman..'

And yet...

[Chapter 2, Dangerous, Part 1, End]

=================================================================================================================================================

[Chapter 2, Dangerous, Part 2]

Three..........Four...Five times now, the summoner had dunked his head in a well of cold water....

Trying desperately to calm himself after the morning's deception, still trying to subdue the lingering effects of Faye's meal....

"How was I supposed to know a girl was going to join our team on her own?" he called to himself, still lightly aflush. "Stupid....freaking.."

He shook his head, before starting along the area again, going to do what he'd intended to before the little distraction....

Finally visit the summoning grounds.

"Might as well see what I can get with these orbs.." he called to himself as he started to slot in the orbs....flinching as he realized something far too late...

"Grah..! I only have five!" he grumbled, gripping his hooded head between two clawed hands. "I thought for sure I had....Gahhhh..!"

He mentally chided himself for being so stupid....As the orbs charged into their colored forms...Four red, and a colorless..

"Well...Shit." he quipped to himself, looking at the colorless. Part of him wanted to reach for it, but the thought of another Faye possibly wandering around..

.....

.......

"Top one, don't fail me now!" he called, scooping it up, and starting to slot it into the pedestal. The other orbs lost their color almost immediately, as energy started to swirl around...

The crimson orb glowed......And, he raised his tool once more.....

BANG

Breidabrik fired into the orb, and he waited. Smoke started to pillow out from the pedestal, and he lightly perked up.

"Ah..?"

Rrrrummblll

"AH?!" he sounded even louder, bracing himself for the best...yet feebly trying to temper himself for inevitable failure....Before the all-encompassing light blinded him.....and then....

"You mean I don't have to sleep anymore? I can stay with everyone?"

The Summoner's eyes lit up for the first time in days wih pure glee, as he darted forward, and lifted up the summoned hero without pause. A petite girl, with a pink dress, a golden circlet, and long...forest green hair. A blue crystal was held in her grip, but...

"Uh huh..!" he called out, excitedly. "You can be with us, forever, Tiki!"

There was a small pause as much hugging occurred, before the girl's voice piped up again.

"...What about Vegetables?"

"We'll see." the Summoner called, lightly pressing on the girl's nose, and turning around. "C'mon, I'll show you around.."

"Okay..!" she mused back, holding out her hand for him to take. The Summoner smiled, and started to show her around the base for a time, before a familiar red haired girl interrupted his good time.

"Summoner, we've got reports of Emblema invading the world of mystery." Anna stated, quickly. "Muster your troops, and prepare for battle."

".....Yes Ma'am..." the summoner called in a deflated tone, kneeling down to the green haired girl. "We'll play around a bit later, okay? Just get used to the castle, and behave Tiki darling."

"Okay, I will!" the girl called in a perky tone, grinning. "Please be safe, summoner!"

He grinned back at her, before starting along...Heading out to the courtyard with a bit of spring in his step....

"Woah..! Easy girl...!"

The Summoner barely ducked out of the way of a descending Pegasus, seeing a familiar head of dark green.....

....

And, contrary to his previous conception, a sizable bottom, covered in very form fitting black spats. The boy found himself blushing once again, his previous lust having resurfaced almost immediately.

"Aha...Sorry. Was just taking her for a ride around here." Palla's voice called, as she dismounted the horse. "Are you feeling okay? You look a little red..."

"I..I'm fine.." he lied quickly, trying to avert his eyes from the girls....Even as his view trailed down her legs. It was easy to picture the girl's curves through her uniform, but.....

"Oh, you must be Palla.." Faye's voice interrupted, prompting the boy to stand at attention once more. "I'm Faye. It's nice to meet you."

"Oh, nice to meet you too." Palla added lightly, holding out a hand for the girl to take. "I got the orders. We're going to head out to help the World of Mystery, right?"

"Right." Faye mused, turning her head to look at the summoner...who was struggling to keep his eyes level with hers. "Will Alm be joining us?"

The Summoner froze at this.....but remembered the girl's words from earlier, and started to pull on his cloak nervously.

"U..Um...he...had a bunch of training he wanted to do.." he answered quickly, glancing along. "But, Seliph should be joining us. And..."

"Aww...Well, okay." Faye mused back innocently...and for a moment, the summoner wasn't sure he hadn't made a mistake somehow.....

"Well, I brought some drinks. In case we get thirsty." Palla called at this, reaching into a pouch on her pegasus's side to pull out a canteen. "Don't worry, I brought enough for everyone, so drink up."

"Oh...S..sure.." the summoner answered, politely taking a cup of it....Faye doing much of the same with...what he thought of as barely concealed intensity in her gaze.....along with her...shockingly calm breathing. He could barely see her ample bosom moving at all as they spoke, and..

....

'Gah..I need to focus..' he thought to himself, before starting to point forward.

"Enough talk! We should make our advance now!" he called out.....awkwardly. "I..I mean..the sooner we get this done, the better, yeah?"

"Mmm." Faye sounded in agreement, as the boy turned back to see Seliph arriving....And lead the group on...

....

...........

................

''Okay, yeah. I need to stop staring at Palla's ass.' the summoner thought to himself as he watched her pegasus swoop her down for another would-be deadly strike...proving their strength against the heroes of the world of mystery.....And freeing them....

...

Or, that was the plan, at least. He knew they were about halfway through the invasion, but before he could lead them towards their next destination, another pegasus swooped down from the skies...a girl with short blue hair, and a similar chemogasm/Breastplate combo to Palla....but, blue appearing.

"Sister, is that you?" the girl called, Palla leaping off of her mount to get a better look.

"Catria? What's wrong?" the green haired girl responded....As the summoner found himself looking back towards the blue haired girl. In the place of boots, she wore blue thigh-highs instead. And where he saw black material covering thigh with Palla...

Catria wore no such covering....Her own leap down from her pegasus making the summoner's addled mind wonder if she had anything on under it....

'No...No...Bad Summoner...Bad..' he thought to himself, shaking his head. 'Don't ogle the girl that we just met..'

Her bust was fairly modest as well...But, before he could get a better look at her, Palla quickly strode over to him, pure panic on her face.

"Summoner, Please..!" she remarked sharply, the boy wishing he hadn't missed the last part of the conversation. "We must go after them immediately! You understand, right?'

"U..Um...R..right.." he called, Palla's expression softening quickly.

"Thank you...!" she cried out, wrapping her arms around him and squeezing him in a short, but tight hug.

"A..Ahhh...!"

He was certain she could feel a certain part of him against her thighs....But, if she minded, she didn't show it outwardly, as she leapt onto her pegasus.

"Come on, Let's go!"

The summoner nodded a bit, glancing to Faye who kept up her usual, slightly worrying smile...As they chased after....

...

.......

"A....Ahhhh.."

The group ended up eventually coming up to a battlezone, the summoner wincing as he looked around.

Armored knights, and discarded, bloody tomes scattered the wayside....Yet, as he looked up to see yet another pegasus with a different girl mounted atop it...Even he could see the weight of the situation through his lust-tainted mind.

"She's outnumbered..." he called out quietly, seeing the girl lunge with a spear at a foe swordsman. Her lance pierced his throat, and he fell to the ground.....

Yet, as he fell, it seemed as if three took his place, wielding different weapons. One holding a long lance, another gripping a heavy-looking axe....And another pulling back the string on a bow....

"Est..!" Palla's voice called, as the girl peeked over in their direction..The boy getting a glance at her. Pink hair, short like Catria.....But, while her outfit was a deep red, she wore long boots like Palla...Though....

"S..Sister..!" she cried out, her lance working to parry an incoming strike aimed at her pegasus....Looking to be her only advantage on the forces on the ground....

"But...archers are strong against Flyers.." he called to himself, scowling. "Shit...Seliph! Faye! I need you to head forward! Catria, Palla! Go save your sister!"

A mixed group of affirmations rang out as he sat back..trying to direct them through a quick path towards their target.

"I won't let you harm my sister!" Palla's voice cried out as the soliders turned....a few nasty grins on their faces.

"Eheh...Look here. Now there's one girl for each of us." the lance-wielding one called...prompting a scowl from the summoner.

"Well, you can have pinky." the axe-wielder called to the lance-wielder. "I like my girls to have some more shape on their bodies, like blue here..."

"Oh, so I get the plain green one?" the archer called, starting to aim an arrow. "Fine.... I'm gonna have fun pulling on that long hair."

'Okay, now I just wanna puke..' the summoner scowled, glancing over at Seliph. He darted forward with his legendary sword aloft, but....

"Gah...!"

The summoner's guard had been let down for a moment, and when he looked back, Catria had been knocked off of her Pegasus, tumbling to the ground as the axe-wielder started towards her. Though she quickly gripped her lance to strike back, the blade of his axe cleaved the end off of it handily.

"Shit...Seliph!" the summoner called as he brought down his blade on the man's shoulder, tearing open a sizable gash with a swift strike.....

"Tch..stupid heroes.." the lance-wielder called, plunging his spear into Palla's Pegasus, which left a very sizable wound....Palla leaping off with a bit more grace than her sibling.

"I won't forgive you for attacking my sister like that..!" she started, raising her blade to strike back.....Only to have the man butt the back of his spear against her stomach.

"I'm not asking for your forgiveness.." he called, sweeping the girl's legs in another fluid move. "No matter how much you scream for it.."

The summoner visibly flinched at this...Watching Est's pegasus buck her off to dodge an incoming arrow from the archer.

"Iyah....!" Est's voice squeaked out, as the archer paced closer....Kicking her now dropped lance firmly out of reach....

"Oi, check this out..." the lance wielder called, as all eyes on the battlefield turned towards him, and Palla. The Summoner's eyes went wide as he saw the man's spear lift up the front of her dress, and a pool of liquid started to sputter out between her thighs. "This one's pissing herself!"

Palla's cheeks burned in shame as the man roughly jabbed at her waist with the blunt side of his spear, clearly doing her body no favors.

"I wonder if this one would too." the archer called, pulling back an arrow aimed at Est's head. "You know you'll end up doing it when you die anyways, so might as well give us a show, pinkie!"

Est's body quivered, and shook...before the man let his arrow fly....

It missing her head, and planting itself into the ground right behind her.

"AHHH...Ahhhh..." the pinkette sounded, before a trickling could be heard...and her own thighs started to glisten with moisture.

"Ahahaha! These girls are barely out of diapers, yet they think themselves warriors? How shameful!"

"Yeah. Wetting yourself in front of the enemy. Do you sluts have no shame? I mean, come on..."

The summoner scowled, gripping Brediabrik, and leering up at the jeering man now hoisting Palla up by her hair.

"STOP IT, you MONSTERS!" he cried out to the man, who barely afforded him a distasteful glance.

"Shaddup..." the man called, before turning back to his prey. "We're going to have fun with you, aren't we?" he added, turning his head to look at his comrade in affirmation....freezing after a moment, and suddenly dropping Palla.

The summoner started towards the green haired rider immediately at this, his view going from her fallen form.... to the lance-wielding man beside her.

'Okay...So, If I charge him and thrust my weight into his chest, I might be able to.' he planned to himself as he started to get closer, looking over at the man...

Just in time to see his body tumble to the ground....red trickling down the visor of his helmet.

"Ah..? What the..." he sounded incredulously, looking for what caused it.....Noticing....

A single arrow....aimed true...Right between the eye holes of his helmet......

Fired by the dusty-blonde villager, who's eyes held a cold, steeled expression of pure malice.

"You people disgust me..." she snapped in a low tone, Seliph's own distaste for them apparent in the archer's own marred body....Slashed almost to the point of being unidentifiable.

The summoner breathed a sigh of relief, before darting over to the green haired girl, reaching out to help her up.

"Palla! Are you okay?" he called out quickly, Seliph helping Catria up, and Faye assisting Est to her feet.

"I...I've been better.." she groaned out, wincing. "Are Catria, and Est okay?"

"Yeah...Yeah they're fine." the Summoner called, hoisting the girl up onto his shoulder. "C'mon...Let's get you all back to base now..."

"Si...sisters.." Est sounded, looking near tears as Faye helped her over...Catria managing to hobble her way over as the trio embraced...Sniffling, some of them soaked, and crying...But, relieved.....

The summoner had been anxious for the longest time, but as they all started back, he couldn't help but feel a sense of accomplishment...The group managing to pull through their battles with everyone intact....

'E..Even if their garments are.....' he thought, stifling another flush. 'Are.....'

..

No, he couldn't focus on that. Not right now....

....

"W..Well, we've left our...clothes with laundry...." Palla called out to the Summoner, wearing an oversized shirt at this. "So....I'm going to go take over the baths with my sisters right about now."

"A..Ah.." the summoner responded, finally feeling the aphrodisiac's effects waning, allowing him the ability to not think of them all stark-naked...rubbing, scrubbing, and otherwise touching at...various sensitive areas of their body. Not that he wouldn't still be thinking it. "O..Okay.."

"I'll see you later, Summoner." Palla added lightly, leaning down towards his ear. "Thank you for today. Hope you're as happy to see me again tomorrow."

The boy couldn't tell if she was teasing him or not, but he started to head back to his room at this, letting out a small yawn when....

"Summoner."

Faye's voice broke the near-silence of the halls, carrying a sort of box, and a bucket. The boy turned with a flinch at this, before glancing down.

"Do you...need help?" he offered, the girl shaking her head.

"Oh, Oh no..You don't have to.." she assured him, starting along. "Unless you want to carry along the whitewing's soaking wet dresses...and....naughty underthings...."

...

He hadn't quite expelled all effects of the aphrodisiac it seemed, as he blushed deeply and nodded, moving to help her lift it up.

"So..um..where to?" he asked the girl, who merely smiled and pointed in a vague direction ahead.

"Where we won't be seen, of course." she mused, leading him out of the castle....

And a far ways away.....Until he could hear the rushing waters of a nearby river......

"The moon's bright tonight." she called out to him, as she knelt down, and started to fill the bucket with water.

"Y..Yeah..It is.." the Summoner absentmindedly responded, as a heavy silence fell over the two......

....

"So, I promised you I'd help with that little...problem you have.." Faye added after a short bit, prompting the boy to flush.

"P...P..Problem? Wh..what problem? I d...don't have a problem! No, Honest!" he protested, starting to mentally plead with himself to keep his excitement repressed....As the girl turned her head to look at him.

"Lying is bad you know..." she leered at him, the boy's face going from flush to white in mere moments, as she started to move through the box.

"As the one on Laundry Duty..." she continued as if he hadn't said anything, starting to set out a few garments. "Responsibility to everyone's sacred undergarments falls to me. Though I would never think of pilfering someone's most intimate wears.....If a certain someone were to desire a bit for some naughty relief...Perhaps I could say it got washed away in the river, and we could...'find' it at a later date."

The boy paused for a moment, before blushing once more as he thought about it......The girl's eyes glancing back up at him as she started to pull out some key items.

"Perhaps....These oh so soaked spats." the girl started, holding up Palla's black shorts-like garments. "Held firm, and concealing over her thighs, and girlhood....Yet, in the end, they were tormented with her troubled tinkle-tank and are in a thorough needs of a cleansing."

The summoner shivered a bit, as the girl reach into the box again.

"Or, perchance, one would desire the clothes of someone smaller.." she added, pulling out a pair of pink, lacey panties....similarly darkened around the crotch region. "Form fitting, yet just as susceptible to spraying as any other garment. You could probably still smell her naughty scent if you tried hard enough..."

He quivered once more....As the girl then pulled out a pair of white garments....greyed around the crotch, and fairly up the back as well...

"Maybe one prefers the plain, but thorough approach.." Faye added, still wearing her casual grin. "Though she hid it better than her siblings, it seems they're less whitewings, and more...Wet wings, if you were to ask me..."

The boy blushed at the thought deeper, as Faye turned to look at him once more....holding up the trio of garments.

"Or...is there someone else whose garments you wish to....indulge in?" she asked...The boy flinching, and pausing...

'Is there a girl who's underwear I'd want..?' he thought to himself, feeling his body tense up. 'W..well of course..It's..'

The girl's eyes seemed to widen at this, as if reading his mind..Before hooking her hands to her dress.

"I'm sorry to say, but.." she mused, hoisting it up above her hips again to reveal what he knew he saw the previous night.

A perfectly shaven girlhood, creamy thighs.....soft-looking skin, all bare for his eyes to see...

"I simply don't wear any."

The boy's pants started to tent out wildly at the view, a bit of drool dripping down from his lips...As the girl let out a small...perky giggle.

"Goodness, you're an animal." she quipped, lightly. "Getting this worked up over a little view? Surely, you wouldn't be so satisfied with something like..."

"Do you need to pee again..?"

The words escaped his mouth before she could complete her sentence.....And before he could fully grip the weight of his words. He had lost himself in his lust for a few precious moments, and at even the slightest nudging.....

'Oh Naga, she's going to kill me..' the boy thought to himself, watching as the girl's eyes went from warm...to cold....to a strange lukewarm mixture of the two.

"You....want to watch me pee again..?" Faye asked, not quite sounding friendly....But, at the same time, not sounding angry. "Would you rather have that, than someone's underwear?"

The boy thought for a few tensed moments, before slowly nodding his head.

"I...If you don't mind.." he meekly requested..... Watching...waiting for some kind of telltale response. Would she comply? Would she rebuff him? Would she call him a creep, no better than the people they fought earlier?

"I...suppose I could.." she answered a bit oddly, adjusting her dress some more. "Just...do not tell anyone."

"I..I won't." he called immediately, as he watched the girl's eyes. They didn't shift from their middle-ground of emotions....Only glance downward as she, for the first time, avoided his gaze....

"Ah....Ahhhhhh...."

He could see a clear stream sputtering to life between the girl's lower lips...Spraying the ground beneath her feet fiercely...if not as powerfully as the night before.

Her puddle barely nipped at her own heels before it started to sputter to a stop, the girl's body shivering from top to bottom afterwards.

"Was...that enough for you?" she asked, a faint tinge of pink finding it's way to her cheeks.

"U..Um..Y..Yes..! Yes, it was.." the boy called, feeling his own face burning red, and his body demanding he mentally replay that scene over...and over again....

"Go..Good." Faye called, starting to dunk the girl's undergarments in the water. "Y..You should get back, before anyone wonders where you are."

"A..Ah...R..right.." the summoner called, starting to turn away from her.

"And.....Summoner.." the girl's voice called out, prompting him to pause, and turn.

"Y..Yeah?"

"Don't..."

"I won't tell anyone. Especially Alm." he answered quickly, the girl visibly flinching.

"R..Right..." she stammered, glancing down. "Please..Don't."

As the summoner started back towards the castle, she glanced back at the puddle on the ground, and the clothes she was to wash.

"He's....really...."

....

"Alright...." the summoner called as he made his way back to his room, his mind still burning with the image he'd just witnessed. "Now, I can finally deal with this, and go to..."

No sooner had he started towards his bed, did a thumping sound catch his attention, prompting him over to the door.

He opened it quietly, seeing a familiar, petite green haired girl, clutching a pillow.

"I had a bad dream..." Tiki's voice called, gently rubbing her eyes. "Can...I sleep with you tonight..?"

.....

'Well, not getting that relief tonight..' he thought to himself, before opening the door, and pulling back his covers.

"Sure thing, sweetie." he called, starting to lay down in his bed. "Make yourself comfortable."

"Thank you..." Tiki sounded quietly, letting out a small yawn, before immediately starting to doze off.

...

.......

"Gods, I wish I could sleep like that."

[Chapter 2, Dangerous, part 2, end]

=============================================================================================================================================

AuthorFaust: Faust hopes you all enjoy this, and all further chapters. Faust hopes to have the next chapter of FE: Heroes up by next Friday. In the meantime, have fun, and a pleasant time! Faust hopes to update This, and Another Note soon.

*002*2017-04-28 21:49

[Chapter 3: Trials, part 1]

...

.....

........

The sun had barely peeked through the windows, before the summoner was awake from the previous day.....Still looking slightly flushed.

'I...I still can't believe...' he thought quietly, holding his head a bit. 'That she....That that happened...'

True, he had expected something to occur with the girl...But, he hadn't expected her to expose herself as she did....Much less to show him something as..personal as that.

He slid his legs out over the side of the bed, glancing back to see the petite dragoness fast asleep in his bed....looking quite peaceful....

'She is adorable...' he thought to himself, as he stood up from his bed. 'B...But I'd better handle what happened yesterday, before it gets out of hand...'

The Summoner gathered his things, and started to head down the halls....Pausing after a few moments to sniff himself.

"Phew...I need a bath..." he remarked to himself, glancing through the hall of closed doors, and shrugged his shoulders. "Suppose No one else is really up at this hour..."

He paced down the winding halls quietly, moving to a certain door, and starting to open it........

"Hm..?"

The boy barely caught sight of dusty blonde hair before he shut the door....Blushing brightly.

'Why do I ever try?'

He never did have that great of luck with these situations......Jinxing himself at the worst times...Yet...

"Oh, don't be shy. " Faye's voice called out to him, through the door. "Please, join me. I could wash your back.."

The boy hesitated, starting to turn away...Before he heard something THUMP against the door.

"I Insist."

The summoner knew better than to stay defiant, closing his eyes as he turned the doorknob....Pacing in cautiously.....carefully....

"You can look, silly." Faye's voice mused out, the boy daring to peek....Seeing a towel wrapped around the girl's chest as she climbed out of the bath

"S..sorry.." the summoner called, as he inched closer, looking at the sort of tub she was about to sit in...Looking fairly large....some flames heating the water up a bit. "This kind of thing usually ends up with screaming...and yelling...and.."

BWAAAASHHHHHHHH

"EUUUUUYAHHHHHHH!" the summoner suddenly shrieked....As Faye splashed him with a bucket full of what he realized was cold water...Making the boy shiver wildly..

"Heheh....Kind of like that?" the girl teased, as he shook wildly....his clothes now dripping with what felt like ice-cold water.

"Y..Y..Y..You..." he snapped between shakes, as the girl lightly shook her head.

"You should take those off, before you get sick." she added lightly, moving over to hand him a towel. "Then, I'll make sure you're nice and clean."

The summoner was more than a little wary, but he had to risk it, or hypothermia. He slid off his robes, and underclothes....Wrapping the towel around his waist as the girl chuckled.

"Looks like you really weren't expecting that cold water." she adds, prompting the boy to flush.

"You....looked?!" he snapped defensively, before shaking his head. "Ugh....I mean....Ah.."

He couldn't believe it... The girl who seemed to be all serious and Alm...was teasing him?! How did he become the victim in this?

"Don't worry...." the girl mused, as she filled the bucket with water from the tub, and then dunked it over the boy's head. "I'll make sure to...warm you up."

The water she splashed over him was far more comfortable than the cold water....Yet, the shock made him shudder again....letting the warmth wash over him.

"B..better.." he sounded, starting to run his hands over his body....And feeling another pair of hands over him.

"You're not going to get clean like that." Faye's voice called out all too quickly, as she started to scrub his back. "Come on...As our summoner, you need to set an example."

The summoner couldn't move, feeling the girl's hands scrubbing along his shoulders, and inching down....shivering as warm water continued to melt away some aches and pains........Yet....

"H..hey..!" he quickly snapped as her hands started to snake forward, rubbing at a certain part...

"Oh, you must be enjoying this.." her voice started again, the boy flushing.

"A..Am N..."

GRIP.

"I told you.." the girl's voice started steely, as he felt himself grow to fill her hand. "Lying....Is...Bad..."

The boy gulped, the girl's grip on him firm, and quite unyielding.

"O..O..okay....I..I kind of am...enjoying..This.." he stammered quietly, as the girl's grip loosened ever so slightly, before he felt something soft press into his back.

"Mmm....And I think I know what else you'd enjoy..." Faye continued, starting to run her hand along him....back, and forth...Back...and forth.. "But...I'm going to need some more...assurance."

The summoner quivered in the girl's grip, feeling his body tense, and flush anew.

"W...wh..what do you need to..." the boy asked slowly, as if a wrong word would lead to his untimely transformation into a eunuch. The girl's warm body pressed into him a bit firmer, as her voice dropped to a low whisper.

"The same as Yesterday..." she sounded, quickening her pace. "I know we have quite a few girls with us now. I Just...want to make sure they're not a...threat."

The boy felt himself wriggling a bit at the girl's rapid stroking, shivering.

"So just...bring some along.." she added, her voice turning an almost deadly level of sweet. "And make sure Alm doesn't see them. Otherwise....."

He felt her grip suddenly tighten as he hit a dangerous level....Stopping his excitement's motions in it's tracks....

"This won't be the only part of you in need."

The boy couldn't move...Could barely flinch, and certainly couldn't try to wrestle away. He sat frozen in a mixture of pleasure and fear.....Before feeling the girl's grasp on him vanish, as she giggled anew.

"Hehehe. I should go get ready." she added, the boy not even daring to turn around. "Gonna be out all. day. After all. Need to get dressed, and ready to go."

He didn't move as a towel was thrown over him...Still warm, and filled with Faye's scent....blushing after the lightest of moments....And looking at the water.

"Y..Yeah...I should too.."

The warm water was a light reprieve from the mixture of terror, and enticement he had felt over what happened.

'Terricement? Enti-ror? What word would that be...' he thought to himself, sinking in the water for a bit....Postponing going out for just a bit longer......

.....

.........

............

The boy eventually returned, changed into dry clothes, and started towards the summoning grounds,, He had a few orbs from their journeys yesterday, but didn't have the time to put them to use....Given Faye's little request.

The boy flushed slightly as he remembered the girl's offer of underwear.....then, her own stream of personal waters.....

'I wonder if....No...Better not think on it..' he thought to himself, as he set up the orbs he had. A bit of positioning, and the preparation of Breidabrik later....

Bang..!

The orb shimmered.....A brush of smoke....And, as it cleared...

"H..Hi! Hello! My name's Nino! Mage of the Black Fang..." a petite girl's voice called...Short green hair flowing along an adorable round face... Deep blue eyes stared at him, while she had a bright...wide smile. The summoner felt himself ease a bit, moving over to rub at the girl's head.

"Though, you're just a mage now." he mused, grinning. "I know I can count on you."

"Ehehe....I'll do my best." she piped back, and the Summoner leaned back a bit.

"C'mon, let's go."

He could almost forget about his worries and concerns throughout the day as the girl clung to his arm....pacing with him.

"Are we ready to head out?"

Almost.

"A..Ah... Yeah." the summoner called, turning his head. "I just..was about to pick up Tiki and someone to.."

"Ah..! Summoner.." a roughly familiar voice called, the boy turning to see a head of blue.

"Oh, Catria.." he remarked lightly, the Whitewing with a blue dress striding up.

"I was....just wondering.." the girl started, averting her gaze. "We...The whitewings probably left a bit of a...shameful display yesterday. And..I wanted to help rectify that. If you'll allow me to, of course."

The boy glanced at her, and then at Faye, who gave a small nod.

"Sure. We'd love to have you." he remarked with a smile, the blue haired girl blushing.

"Y.You got it." she called a bit seriously, nodding her head. "I'll..um..get my stuff. Be back as soon as I can."

The boy watched her dart off at this, the back of her dress fluttering more than he wanted to admit. He could almost feel a flush forming on his lips, before a familiar green haired girl started over.... Her pink dress looking a bit wrinkled from her slumber...

"Mmm...Are we going to be fighting?" Tiki's voice called, as the boy nodded a bit.

"Yeah... We have to, so we can save all of the heroes."

"Okay." Tiki remarked, smiling. "I'll do what I can to help."

The summoner smiled warmly, turning to see Faye's approving nod...And he gestured.

"Alright..! Let's go!" he called out..gesturing dramatically...........

.....After a short wait, of course.

....

........

"And now!" the summoner called, gesturing at a red haired hero. "Catria! Finish him!"

The mounted Pegasus knight dove at this...her spear catching the legendary warrior in the chest, and knocking him to the ground. While the others were felled between Tiki's dragonic form....Nino's blades of wind, and Faye's deadly arrows..... Catria's lance was usually the deciding factor for most of their battles.

"Ah, Thank you! You've proven your might over us, so we can be free!" the warrior's voice called, as he pushed himself up. "I owe you my thanks.."

"No problem." the summoner called, waving a hand as he started through the path, heading towards the portal out of the world of binding. "Come on girls."

He waited for the group to follow him through another portal....A path towards a different dimension.

"The world of Awakening.." he thought to himself, closing his eyes....Before feeling an arm on his shoulder.

"Good work, summoner." Faye's voice called, as she pulled out a box. "I've brought us some food...So, we can keep going."

"Ah..! I could really go for something right now..!" Nino starts, before lightly covering her mouth. "Oh...but..Um..I can wait, if I have to.."

"I could go for something too.." Tiki adds, cupping her stomach. "I'm quite hungry..."

"Well, we can break in the next world.." Catria calls, quietly. "And..eat before we get into battle."

The summoner nodded as they passed through the portal...Into a beautiful world. The sun was held high..The fields were green, and lush with life.....

"Talk about perfect picnic weather..." he said to himself, as Faye pulled out a bag and started to hand out some things. A few cups, some rice balls and a kettle.

"Here. One for Tiki...One for Nino...one for Catria.." Faye mused out as she handed the cups and food out...Before turning to the summoner. "And don't think I've forgotten about you!"

She smiled as she gave him a riceball too, pulling out her kettle.

"It'll be a bit cold, but this tea should refresh all of you." she mused, pouring it out for each person in turn as well. The girls sipped at it quickly, their eyes going wide.

"O..Oh wow..!"

"This is really quite lovely..!"

"Excellent tea, Faye.."

The boy seemed to hesitate before drinking and eating..Watching as Faye poured everyone a second.....and even a third cup for Catria.... Moving over to sit next to the summoner.

"What's your secret?" Nino asked lightly, the girl lightly cupping her face.

"Oh, just....Love." Faye mused, leaning into the summoner. "And a few little things. It's all in the preparation."

The boy quietly started to sip at the tea....Finding it quite good as well...

"This is a bit of a mix....Dandelion tea always makes me feel better."

The boy paused for a bit, wondering if dandelion had some kind of extra effect, as he cautiously ate with the others......A short while passing, before they stood up.

"Alright! We'll clear this world, and head back!" the summoner called, pointing forward. "Everyone ready?"

"I'm prepared." Catria called, gripping her lance, and climbing atop her pegasus.....giving him another flash of her bare thighs..and nearly her bottom....

"Uh huh.." Tiki added, clutching a blue stone. A dragonstone, meant to help her control her powers. So she could manifest, on cue......

"O..Okay..." Nino added with a small nod....Her legs pressing together. The summoner glanced her over, thinking about asking her....Before the others started ahead.

"I'll..Do my best..!" Nino added as she charged after, the boy staring at her flowing, purple cape.

"Is..she okay..?" he sounded to himself, the dusty blonde striding past him.

"Well, Dandelion tea does have a bit of a side effect.." Faye mused, as she gripped her bow. "It is, after all... A Diuretic..."

....

"Oh dear.."

[Chapter 3: Trials, Part 1, End]

*008*2017-05-04 06:35

[Chapter 3: Trials, Part 2:]

The world of Awakening was just as tainted as the other worlds.....The inhabitants all suspicious of the Summoner's group and preparing for battle. While Might, magic, and dragon power was enough to force away the first few waves....It wasn't very long before the summoner's eyes started to catch more than a few bouncing thighs.....

"N...Nnn..." Nino's voice grunted out as she held her hands over her white skirt, pressing firmly against it. "Are....we almost done with this world?"

"No...We have another battle to go to.." the Summoner called, trying his hardest to not stare at the girl's wriggling form. "Then, we should be able to free the people of this world.....and head back to the castle."

"Okay..." Catria's voice called as she held her spear up...The boy picturing her on the ground with the shaft of it pressed against her girlhood in agony. It was hard to get a good view while she was atop her pegasus, but he doubted she was much better off than Nino....

"Can we....hurry a bit?" Tiki's voice added, as the divine dragon kept her legs pressed. "I...I need to use the bathroom..."

"It won't be much longer...Don't worry." Faye's voice assured the girls for the summoner, lightly thumbing her bow. "We'll beat em, and get home in time for dinner."

"Mmmth.....Okay..!" Tiki sounded out as she stood firmly for a few moments with her legs apart....Before pressing them back together. "I..I'll manage."

"Nino, can you hold it a little while longer?" the summoner asked the green haired girl...Who locked her legs rigidly, and stood as straight as she could.

"I..I'll do my best!" she stated quietly, some soft whimpers audible through lightly clenched teeth.

The summoner lightly pat her head, and started forward at this.

"Onward!"

The group navigated through a chasm that lead into a cliff......Coming up on a settlement with more enemy forces. A boy with a pot on his head, and a woman with long, white pigtails. Other armored, proverbially faceless figures flanked their sides.....Prompting the summoner the lightest bit of pause.

"Nino, you take care of the farm-boy.." he directed, the little green-haired mage raising her hand high. Green blades crashed from the sky down onto the boy.....knocking him out in a dual-strike......Leaving the girl a few precious moments to grind her palm into the front of her skirt.

"O..Okay....G..Got it.." she signaled back to him, bouncing on her knees as she lightly hunched over.....Fighting her own internal tides from shoring up.....

'She's really having it rough...' he thought as the others started forward...Prompting him to point at the white-haired girl.

"Tiki! I need you to handle her!" he stated, quickly. "Catria, Faye! Go clean up the enemies around us."

"Okay..!" Tiki started as she charged towards the woman.....Vicious wind magic bursting out from the enemy's extended hand....

The summoner's cheeks flushed a bit as Tiki's mini-dress was lifted a few inches from the magic.....Showing off some Lacey purple panties. No doubt worn for comfort, rather than any kind of seduction, he couldn't help but feel a bit warmer seeing it.....

Before she clutched her dragonstone, and shifted. If he needed any form of deterrent to trying anything with the girl, her figure shifting to a much larger blue dragon was a pretty good incentive to stay on her good side.

Faye's own long tan dress gave little in the ways of a view....But, Catria's blue dress constantly threatened exposure with every flap of her Pegasus's wings....As she eventually stood up.

The white haired woman retreated after Tiki's flames licked at her robes....Leaving naught but the armored soliders left......

"Alright Catria! Finish it off!" he commanded with a confident grin, the girl standing atop her mount with her lance at hand.

"No matter the cost!" she cried out as she leapt from it with a practiced motion...Her spear plunging into the armored knight's chest.......

And the back of her dress flared up..Showing not the white garments from yesterday...

But a completely bare bottom, that prompted the summoner's own voice to shift to a bunch of stammers and noises.

"C..Catria..!" he snapped quickly, the rider turning after pulling out her lance.

"Yes? Is something wrong?" she replied quietly, smoothing out her dress, and starting to mount her Pegasus again.

"You're..! You're not...!" he stuttered, gesturing at the girl's hips.....And prompting a blush from her in turn.

"O..Oh...R..right.." she started, a bit too quickly. "I..erm...something appears to have happened to them. I couldn't find them this morning and well....I didn't want to stall our efforts... "

"I..It's fine.." the summoner called, stifling his own flush and starting to head forward in a bit of a rushed manner. "L.....Let's just....Just get through this last part...and We'll be able to head back."

"Got it...!"

"Okay."

"Alright!"

"W..wait up..!"

Perhaps it was because he was rushing a bit.....Or, maybe it was the white haired girl's escape...But, as the summoner climbed up a hill, wind magic lashed by him.....Barely avoided.

"I knew you'd make it here...." A firm, confident voice called out...The leader of their foes in the world....A strong looking man, with blue hair, and a brilliant sword....The Prince of Awakening...

"Be careful, Chrom! Their tactician is skilled...." the white haired girl from before called out just as quickly....readying her tome. "Perhaps, if we were to capture him.."

An arrow suddenly flew by the Summoner at this.....Faye's aim piercing the white haired girl's arm....

"Robin, back down. We'll handle this." Chrom's voice called as the rest of the summoner's team darted up....Catria's lance being held up.

"Just this last battle, and we can leave.." Catria sounded out. "Come on, let's go everyone!"

Nino and Faye took opposing sides to Catria....Preparing for battle.

Lance met sword.......Arrows were fired....and, a horse-mounted lancer was knocked aside by conjured green blades....From a shaky...trembly mage. Steel clashed with steel...

And, after a lengthy, fierce battle....The blue haired prince knelt before them.

"Hm..? So, you're not going to kill us.." he called, before slamming his fist on the ground. "Damn..I can't believe we were tricked by that...witch."

"W..witch? What is he talking about..?" Catria's voice called out as she dismounted her Pegasus... and the summoner pulled his hood over his face.

"Veronica.." he called, before shaking his head. "Either way, we should get going. This world has been saved, so..."

"A..Aaaaahhhhhh..!!!"

The summoner's gaze turned sharply at this, the green haired mage suddenly stumbling about...and hoisting up her white skirt as she knelt down into a squat. It didn't take long for the summoner to find out why.....Some teal material under it darkening to a deep green......As she....

'F..Flooding...' the summoner thought with a flush, covering his face as the petite mage whimpered...A steady, low hissing ringing out through the area.

"I..I'm so..sorry..." Nino's voice quivered as the summoner paced over to her, a clear stream still gushing down her thighs....And, puddling under her. "I..I was trying to...Until we...but I...."

The summoner flushed bright red....but, placed his hand on the girl's head, gently rubbing it.

"Don't...Worry about it.." he assured her, gently. "You tried your best......."

He did his best to keep his eyes off her glistening thighs....Her darkening panties......And, the growing puddle beneath her......But, he could only avert his eyes so much....

"Nnnnthh..! I need to go too.." Tiki's voice called out quickly, as a second hissing stream suddenly joined Nino's.....

The green haired, petite dragoness having taken a similar stance, but pulling the purple panties aside. The summoner had a bit of trouble averting his eyes with two girlhoods pumping out piddle.......

"You're staring, you know.." Faye's voice snapped him out of his trance.....Shaking his head.

"I..I know.." he answered her.....Trying to give the two some space. Nino's face was still flushed deep at wetting....But, Tiki merely sighed in relief.....Sagging slightly.

"Do you need to go too, Catria?" Faye asked the blue haired girl...Who shook her head.

"I...I can wait." Catria added quietly, her palm resting on the front of her dress "Just have to head back now......"

The summoner tried very hard to not think about it, watching as she hopped atop her Pegasus anew...Prompting him another view of her plump rump.....

And turned his head back to the two, peeing girls.

"A..are you two done?' he asked quietly, as their streams started to dwindle down...

"Y..yes...Sorry.." Nino apologized again, as the summoner moved over to rub her head again.

"It's okay. Don't apologize so much." he assured her gently, kneeling over to kiss her forehead. "You tried...and that's what counts. Good job kicking butt with your magic."

Nino flushed again, but averted her eyes....Smiling warmly...

"T..thank you.."

The summoner started to lead everyone back to the castle, parting ways with each of them in turn.

'I wonder if Faye's gonna nab me again..' he thought to himself, walking down the halls again.

"Summoner.."

As if on cue, the sandy twintailed girl appeared...prompting him to turn.sharply.

"Y..Yes..?" he asked out already....the girl's eyes averting a bit...

"I...wanted to suggest a little something.." she added, quietly. "Could..you follow me?"

'It's not like I actually have a choice...' the boy thought to himself as he nodded, holding out his arm.

"Lead the way, Faye." he called out as the girl started to practically zoom ahead...seeming in quite a rush.

"So....I got a lot of information today..." Faye started, breaking the silence. "And....did you...like seeing...that?"

"Watching you all bail me out..?" he asked, as the girl shook her head quietly.

"Ah, no. I meant..." the girl called...her voice lowering. "....With...Nino..."

Red could be seen rising to the boy's cheeks, as he averted his gaze....And a hand rested on his lap.

"Lying is bad...you know." Faye reminded the boy...Who felt her fingers brush against him...And nodded.

"Y..yes then...I...Kind of liked it." he mused, quietly. "W..why'd you do that, anyways? Set everyone up with the Diure-"

"In here...." Faye interrupted, pushing open a door and tugging him inside. The door was shut before he could ask where he was...The girl moving inward quickly.

"S..so..what did you want me in here fo.." the boy called, before realizing where he was.

'The...The latrines..' he thought to himself, as the girl moved a fair bit over...exchanging glances with him.

"You...want to see me do it again..?" she added, quietly. "J..just from here though. I'm not going to....lift up my..."

The boy felt his body perk up at her offer....But, he did his best to quell his excitement....Quietly nodding...

"S..s..sure.." he answered quietly...The girl's face flushing again.

"O..okay..."

The boy watched as Faye knelt down again, her long dress meaning he couldn't see her thighs or...any further up than her shins, but...

Psss...Psssshh....

He could still hear, and see the clear stream starting to sputter out of her....liquids starting to pool on the ground beneath her. He could see a fair bit of liquid glistening on the girl's legs after a bit....But, he did his best to remain calm....And not stare too much...

"T..there....I'm...I'm good." she called, quietly. "N..Now, you can go out..and.....Do as you will with...All of that imagery."

The summoner blushed brightly at this, but started over to the door, nodding.

"Th..thank you.." he answered....quickly heading out. "And..I won't say anything still..!"

"O..okay..!" the dusty blonde called back....Watching the boy leave...and the door shut behind him. She let out a long, tensed up sigh at this...And lifted her dress up....Greyed, formerly white panties cupping her girlhood, and still lightly dribbling with expelled waters...

'What would he think if he saw this...?' she thought quietly....starting to strip out of the wet garments......

"M..Maybe now I can finally.." the summoner called to himself as he went to head back to his room....As he heard some feverish knocking on a nearby door.

"E...Est, come on! Hurry up!" A familiar voice cried out, prompting the summoner to stop where he was standing...And peek around the corner. The blue haired Whitewing was busy bouncing in place....Her eyes half-squeezed shut, and her body tensing. "I..I'm gonna pop if you don't open up..!"

There was a bit of rustling, but the boy couldn't quite hear all of what was going on...Imagining what was going on...

'I'll be out in a minute!'

He felt his body tensing up anew at this.....Before something he hadn't expected started. The blue haired girl looked both ways at this...Before suddenly pacing away from the door, and to an open window....

"B..better than losing it again.." she called to herself, before raising her leg over to rest on the bottom of it...And pulled up her dress. Another bare girlhood on display for the boy....Followed by her parting her lower lips, and...

Pssssss....

A pale stream began to gush from the rider's lips....Arcing in such a way as to go out the window...Even as more than a few bits of piddle started to trickle down her inner thighs.......The girl letting out a deep sigh of relief...

"I hope no one sees me like this..."

The summoner felt his body tensing up anew at this....Mentally capturing the image of Catria's soft, pale skin.....And her clear arc.....

He almost wondered if she would end up spraying on someone....Before it started to trickle off, and merely splash against the walls and on the ground.

"Alright..! I'm coming out!" Est's voice called out quickly....As the blue haired girl smoothed out her dress, and pulled her leg down.

The boy watched as the door opened to show the pink haired girl with a towel wrapped around her petite frame....Looking over Catria.

"You didn't have to rush me, you know.." she added quietly, the girl waving her hand slightly.

"I..just really wanted to wash up after today." Catria called, defensively."Lots of fighting today...and all.."

"Suuuuure.." Est called, peering around. "Anyways...It's all yours now."

The Summoner watched the two girls part ways...Catria heading into the room..and Est moving away. He flushed deeply, and started down the other way..Trying to head to his room at this.

'Gods...So many good views...' he thought to himself, his body quivering with excitement as he hoped he'd get to have a little bit of privacy

'So little time to enjoy it..'

============================================================================================================================

[Chapter 3: Trials, Part 2 End]

*012*2017-05-10 05:39

[Chapter 4: Acknowledgement, Part 1]

It was early...

Far too early for most people to be awake. One could hear the snoring from some rooms, and the light tapping of shoes against the stone castle floor....

'I wonder what time he gets up..' the lone figure walking the halls pondered...Her dusty blonde hair dangling over her shoulders. 'Maybe I could surprise him with breakfast...'

She was good at cooking, after all.... And, with all of her practice, she could likely whip up something special. It was just....

'But....'

She couldn't be completely confident that it would be to his liking.....After all, she knew that it worked for the summoner, but.....

"Ah, hey there Faye."

The girl froze as she pushed into the kitchen, the white-robed summoner looking back at her under his robe.

"Can't sleep? Me neither.."

"Ah, I was.." she started, hesitating for a change. The last time she'd seen him was in the bathrooms the day before....And, since she usually was looking for him for a reason...

It was...odd to not have anything plotted, or planned for him. She could smell something unfamiliar in the air as the summoner moved to pour an unfamiliar, dark liquid into a glass.

"I've made some coffee. Do..they even have coffee here? " he called, before shrugging his shoulders. "Eh...I don't really care too much..."

"Hm..?" Faye replied, glancing it over. It certainly...smelled invigorating, but she hadn't had the chance to drink any before...

"If you want a cup, I could pour you one." he added, lightly. "Just, uh..be careful. It's hot. And it's also..... A diuretic.."

The girl nodded her head, watching the boy pour her a glass of the beverage as well...As she raised it to her lips...

"Ah..almost forgot..!" he added, moving to pull out another bottle. "You..probably want something to sweeten it. Gods knows it's way too bitter for m..."

She tilted the beverage back slowly....closing her eyes as she downed the warm....bitter beverage. Her lips slightly pursed, but she set the cup down...lightly smiling.

"It's okay.." she assured, nodding. "I..I don't mind bitter tastes."

The summoner's gaze seemed to avert at this, as she looked back up at him..And started to sip anew.

The air went silent between the two for a bit...before she finally decided to break the ice, with a simple question...

"So...are you feeling better after...Last night?" she asked, the summoner nearly spitting out his own drink...As he set the cup down.

"W..well..." he started, rubbing the back of his head. "I...erm..."

The boy flashed back to the previous night, fresh from seeing Catria's display of desperation....And felt himself tensing up...

"Maybe I should summon first...Then take care of this.." he said to himself, before prancing down to the halls for another summon.....

....

"From now on, I'll become your shadow...."

A girl with dark, black hair.....very form-fitting tights, and a rather revealing split dress greeted him....Followed by a pair of dark, dangerous eyes. The boy knew this girl....but he didn't know to the extent of what she seemed fond of....

......

.......

Flashes plagued the boy's mind....

"Pardon? A bathroom break? The Apostle needs not these trivial things.."

A girl with long, purple hair, decorated in red and purple.. Her nose, slightly turned up, and her tone, regal...

"Y...You understand....Doing this kind of thing with me, Sanaki Kirsch Altina is a....great..honor...."

Shifting from haughty to naughty in mere moments....

"I...don't really like being gawked at in this robe.."

A girl with a long, flowing pink dress....And even longer brown hair......

"Mmmmaaaaahhh..Y.You know...You can watch, if you want. I don't mind.."

A stream flowing, and growing by the moment......Her garments pulled aside to show another bare girlhood.....

"You can think of me as a..Big sister.."

A buxom, affectionate girl, with curly, purple hair.....

"Naughty naughty, looking at me like this....."

A myriad of girls all flashed through his mind, before his body jerked awake, and he peered at a shadowy figure in his room....The same summoned girl peering over at him.

"You turned over thirteen times in your sleep.." she mused, with a growing smile. "Impressive. I take it my Lustful Hex had a favorable result?"

......

Faye saw the summoner's hood seem to fall back a bit at this...Golden-brown eyes looking distant as he recollected.

"Something was bothering me, so I couldn't." he answered quietly, before pulling the hood back up. "Either way....I'm gonna take the group out a bit later. World of Mystery is up next.... Did you want to come along? Or..."

Faye herself lightly snapped out of a trance she didn't know she was in, shaking her head.

"O..Oh, I just.." she started, shaking her hand. "I...would like a day off. Even I get tired of fighting sometimes.."

"Ah, okay." the summoner called, starting to set his cup down. "I'll make sure Alm's got the day off too, so you can..ya'know."

"O..Oh. R..right.." Faye sounded, nodding as the Summoner stood up.

"Well, I'm gonna go hit the baths." he mused, lightly. "Hope your day goes well today, Faye."

"Oh...Same...." the girl started absentmindedly, as something finally came to her attention. "Ah....It..occurs to me that I've never asked your name, Summoner."

"Hm? It's J-.." the summoner started, before raising his hand to his face...and glanced down. "....Faustus. Please, call me Faustus."

'J...?" she thought to herself, as the summoner started off.

"So, Faust?" she asked, as the summoner raised a hand.

"Faustus, please." he asserted, starting to seemingly vanish into the early morning dark.

Faye peered around the corner as he left, turning back with her own mind wondering....

'Faustus...' she thought, before shaking her head. 'Ah, doesn't matter! I have a day to myself! And Alm! I shouldn't worry about meaningless things like him......Right?.'

........

.........................

[Chapter 4, Acknowledgement, part 1 end]

*015*2017-06-13 18:38

[Chapter 4, Acknowledgement, Part 2]

The dusty blonde started along the castle with a small skip in her step...heading her way along to an all-too-familiar spot... a sizable bush giving her plenty of cover, as she looked on...

"I'll have the whole day to myself, and...watching Alm." she mused to herself, moving to her usual vantage point, and leaning down....

It wasn't long before the familiar, green haired and blue armored swordsman appeared at the training grounds.....Wielding his legendary blade, and striking at the training dummies.....

"Mmmm...Oh Alm..." the girl sounded to herself, letting herself laze under the morning sunlight, as a few other males joined Alm at the grounds.....Including an unfamiliar, yet royal figure with blue hair....

"My name is Ephraim!" she could make out from her spot, as he twirled a lance. "Come at me as you will, Alm!"

He seemed quite powerful.....And commanding...Yet, she could see the fire in Alm's eyes.... A vigor, to rise above the challenge...

'Lances are advantageous against swords..' Faye thought to herself, watching as the lance-lord handily parried Alm's strikes.... 'But..I believe in Alm..!'

She reach for her quiver, but realized in her eagerness to get to her vantage point, she had left it in her room.... Having planned to fire an arrow to give him the edge he'd need to overcome the new arrival......

'I'm sorry, Alm...It must have...' she thought to herself, chiding herself for letting it slip her mind. Though....

A firm panging in her lower abdomen gave her a timely reminder of what she had been doing out of the norm that morning....her legs involuntarily pressing together....

'Ah.....Right....'

Her morning encounter with the summoner, and his mystery beverage...

"Coffee..."

She'd heard of it before, but never had any before today, remembering the bitter taste....and the Summoner's warning...

'It's also...A diuretic..'

She'd still downed the beverage quietly, and commented on the taste. Part of her wondered why she felt like being polite to the summoner as she did....But, more importantly...she wondered why she would willingly ingest something that would make her need to go, outside of her usual dealings with the Summoner....

'He said he was going to be out with the others all day..' she thought, gently letting a hand lower to press at herself. 'So...there's no real reason to try to hold now, is there? I am wearing panties today, but. I can easily......'

She shifted her hips slightly, and watched as Ephraim parried Alm once more, the green haired swordsman standing up.

"Again..! I think I know what I did wrong.."

She watched as the boy pushed himself up, and prepared himself again...His strikes coming closer, but still being dodged by the blue haired lord's lance.

"Again..!"

Faye lightly gripped the knees of her dress, kneeling down a bit to get more comfortable...As she steeled herself.

'No.....This could be my penance for my mistake..' she thought to herself, her thighs tensing up slightly. 'I don't want to miss Alm Succeeding....And, he would have by now, if I had remembered my bow. So, until he makes that strike....I will sit here, and cheer him on.. From a distance, of course...'

The clangs of steel heralded a swifter strike than Ephraim had expected....But, he seemed unharmed, merely grinning an intense smirk at the boy.

"You're getting faster.." he called, placing his other hand on the edge of the lance at this. "Wonderful! I might have to actually try against you.."

The fire in Alm's eyes was almost corporeal, as he gripped his sizable blade in both hands, and grinned.

"Don't hold back on my Account..!"

To the girl's mild distress, Ephraim's parries got faster with every flourish....Alm's own pace quickening, but never coming any closer than the strike that sparked the Lord's interest....

'Come on Alm.....' she lightly prayed, her grip on her dress getting a bit tighter. 'You can...do it...'

The sun moved from it's path along the eastern skies, and progressed to about the midway point of the day.........The warm, summer's breeze started to quietly blow through.....

And yet, Alm and Ephraim's battle was still slanted in favor of the Lance-lord, who looked as if he'd seen better days...

"If you mean to outlast me.....You're in for a rude awakening.." he spat back towards Alm, who looked quite worn himself, the bulky blue armor no doubt weighing him down..

"I won't give up..."

Faye herself shook a bit more at the ordeal, both of her hands balled into fists as she bit her lower lip.....Her legs quivering intensely....

'I......I won't either..' she told herself, even as her body none-too-kindly reminded her of the growing, sloshing pressure in her internal reservoir....fighting to keep her body under control.... 'This pain....I'll endure it as long as it takes for you to succeed, Alm..'

She raised a hand to her uncomfortably firm bladder, as if trying to gently assure it as she stared intently...

'This time.....This time for sure...'

Yet as steel clashed with steel once more, Ephraim valiantly fought off Alm's advance once again...And the girl found herself cringing slightly....As if instead of striking his blade, the Lord had attacked her own bladder.....The girl now crossing her legs....

'Come on Alm.....' she prayed once more, closing her eyes as her hands pressed at the center of her dress. 'One strike...! You just need one strike!'

The sun continued to move, and the skies were turning a faint rouge, the day slowly wearing itself away...As the boy pushed himself up..

"Must we continue..? You've been trying all day..." Ephraim called out, leaning against his lance. "Your movements have gotten sloppy. You're just going to wear yourself out.."

"One....One more time.." Alm called out, sticking his blade into the ground..

"But you can barely.." the Lord started, as a loud clanging could be heard...The green haired boy's armor being stripped off, leaving him shirtless.... His bare, sculpted physique coated with sweat.....

"I'm...Just once more..." Alm called, readying himself. "Without that weighing me down, I can surely..."

Normally, Faye would have given just about anything for the boy to strip out of that armor and bare it all to the world.........But, in the current situation, she had her eyes half squeezed shut, and her body was shaking so wildly she couldn't enjoy the imagery....

'A...Alm...' she thought in a tensed, agonized wreck. 'Pee....Peelease....!'

Her eyes were watering...sweat was dripping down her body....As if trying to alleviate the mass of pressure within....As she shook, whimpered, trembled, and lowly whined....rubbing her knees together in a futile attempt to keep it back....

'Just.....This...Once...!more...!' she told herself, repeating the mantra that Alm had been echoing.....As her internal ocean threatened to swell.....

Both hands were now buried in her dress, and as the two went to collide once more, she squeezed her eyes shut....Gripping with all of her might...

CLANG...

The clash of steel once more....Followed by...

"Aha..! I knew it would help..."

"AH?!" Faye's voice practically yelled out in excitement, the blade at Ephraim's side, and the lance parried high......

"Very Good..." the Lord called, with a proud smirk, bringing his lance down to push some distance between the two. "Give me more...More!"

It was over.....The one strike had been made...!

'H..He did it..! I...I can...' the girl thought in intense relief.....Before something else tensed her up anew...

Ssssss.......

"A...AWAAAAH?!" she groaned out, a quick jet of warm, pent up waters spraying from her desperate girlhood through her panties, and making a large wet patch on her dress... "Ah...Nonono...! Not yet..!"

She struggled to clench off her flow, but before she could get her muscles to tense up anew..

"Ah..? Did you hear something?"

"Yes..... It was coming from over there.."

She had reacted too loud..! The duo had heard her...!

Sssss...Psssssssshhhhh..

The revelation, coupled with the sudden anxiety of being found out did nothing to help her situation, the warm, wet spurt starting to give way to a lengthier, relentless stream.....the wet patch of her dress growing from about a palm's length to two, and then three.....Her body refusing to succumb to her pleas of pause.....

'I...I can't stop it..!'

Her face burned with absolute shame as she hunched her head down, trying to make herself as small as possible, and squeezed her eyes shut.... In a few moments, the two would part the bush, and see her in a prone state.....Helplessly peeing her dress, like a small child.....

She wasn't worried about being found out as having been stalking the boy, knowing he was far too forgiving to let that bother him...But, to look like someone too immature to control their own urges...

Or worse, as being a kind of deviant who enjoyed such a vulgar, naughty habit....

Her body merrily pumped out what felt like pints of piddle into her poor, formerly pristine panties, and soaked through her dress, the girl feeling a copious amount of it running down her thighs, into her shoes....and some of it pooling a bit under her butt. If she opened her eyes, she imagined she could see a sizable puddle at her feet..... One that would spell her doom any moment now....

.....

.....

Any moment now....

....

"Aha...Sorry guys. I just....long trip today..Lavatories in use...So I...."

A familiar voice from behind caused the girl's eyes to open wide, her face going pale as she turned her head. The white robed summoner stood, his hands at his own personal area....Though, still clothed...

"Ah....Okay.." Alm's voice called out, casually.

"Ugh....disgusting " the Lord called out a bit indignantly, as the girl heard the two's footsteps pacing away....And she dared to peek through the bush....

'They're...leaving..' she noted to herself, as the green haired warrior went to adorn his armor, and the lord started back towards the castle....Leaving her in her own spot...still undiscovered....

By all but the summoner behind her...

"Sorry to be so crass, but.." the summoner called, his hands moving to his sides. "It was the only thing I could think of. I warned you about that coffee, you know..."

Faye's eyes welled up once more, before her face burned in shame again...As she averted her gaze from the boy...

"Thank you..." she uttered quietly, blushing brightly as her own stream finally started to dwindle down...Even if she could still feel several droplets dripping off her legs....

"G..Gonna be hard to get back to the castle like that..." he added, his own eyes averting from her body. "Don't..want anyone seeing you like that.."

The girl flushed once more, picturing it. Having to pace around, in a wet dress....The others happening to walk out and see it....The same amount of Ridicule as if she had been spotted.....Though, through a myriad of people, rather than just the boy...

She couldn't bear the thought, but before she could say anything..A white robe was thrown over her, covering her body.

"Here. I can tell em you just wanted to try it on. It is quite long and flow-y"

The girl clutched it as she wrapped the robe around her, looking back up at the summoner.

Golden-brown eyes gazed at her momentarily, while messy brown hair covered a fair portion of his head. She could make out a youthful visage, as he started along..red forming on his cheeks as he paced.

Faye found herself being quiet for a fair portion of their journey.....But, as they approached the safety of her own room, she finally turned to the Summoner for some kind of conversation.

"So..Um..How'd it go?" she called out, as the boy's eyes gazed away again.

"Ah...It was...fine.." he called, very deliberately avoiding looking down at her dress. "Seliph and Nino were doing work. The two are a powerful duo.... Oh, and I.....may have solved my sleeping problem.."

"Ah..?" she sounded quietly, as a voice called out from down the hall...

"Th..Tharja! I know you're Happy to see me, but we don't have to go into the baths at the same time..!"

"Why not? We're both girls, so it won't be a problem, Robin... No one should think..illicit thoughts .. about us."

"R..right.." the boy called, averting his eyes from the hall with Faye, as he held up a hand and started to move away. "I'll, um....Leave you to..."

"Hey, Faustus...?" the dusty blonde called again, prompting the boy to turn one last time towards her.

"Yeah, Faye?" he called, as she turned the knob on her door, and gripped the back of the robe....

"Thank you..."

She gripped the robe, and her dress under it with her hands, before hoisting them up high, flashing the soaked, white cotton still clinging to her bottom for a few, scarce moments at the summoner.....before starting into her room, and closing the door with her heels.

"G..Goodness..." the summoner called, still blushing ear to ear. "I'd...erm...better go do that summoning now.."

Faye quietly stripped out of her wet things, and tossed them aside as she prepared a change of clothes, sliding over to slump down into her bed.

'You know.....' she thought, her eyes fluttering closed as the night began to fall....sleep taking her quicker than it usually did. 'He's not....so bad...'

###

[Chapter 4: Acknowledgement part 2, End]

AuthorFaust: Faust apologizes for taking so long to update this....But, it's out now! Faust hopes you enjoyed! And.....wonders about a few things.....Mostly though, if there are characters people want to see, or perhaps if one wants this to get....a bit steamier.

