AuthorFaust's Fire Emblem Heroes Adventures

Author: AuthorFaust

*002*2017-04-28 21:49

[Chapter 3: Trials, part 1]

The sun had barely peeked through the windows, before the summoner was awake from the previous day.....Still looking slightly flushed.

'I...I still can't believe...' he thought quietly, holding his head a bit. 'That she....That that happened...'

True, he had expected something to occur with the girl...But, he hadn't expected her to expose herself as she did....Much less to show him something as..personal as that.

He slid his legs out over the side of the bed, glancing back to see the petite dragoness fast asleep in his bed....looking quite peaceful....

'She is adorable...' he thought to himself, as he stood up from his bed. 'B...But I'd better handle what happened yesterday, before it gets out of hand...'

The Summoner gathered his things, and started to head down the halls....Pausing after a few moments to sniff himself.

"Phew...I need a bath..." he remarked to himself, glancing through the hall of closed doors, and shrugged his shoulders. "Suppose No one else is really up at this hour..."

He paced down the winding halls quietly, moving to a certain door, and starting to open it........

"Hm..?"

The boy barely caught sight of dusty blonde hair before he shut the door....Blushing brightly.

'Why do I ever try?'

He never did have that great of luck with these situations......Jinxing himself at the worst times...Yet...

"Oh, don't be shy. " Faye's voice called out to him, through the door. "Please, join me. I could wash your back.."

The boy hesitated, starting to turn away...Before he heard something THUMP against the door.

"I Insist."

The summoner knew better than to stay defiant, closing his eyes as he turned the doorknob....Pacing in cautiously.....carefully....

"You can look, silly." Faye's voice mused out, the boy daring to peek....Seeing a towel wrapped around the girl's chest as she climbed out of the bath

"S..sorry.." the summoner called, as he inched closer, looking at the sort of tub she was about to sit in...Looking fairly large....some flames heating the water up a bit. "This kind of thing usually ends up with screaming...and yelling...and.."

BWAAAASHHHHHHHH

"EUUUUUYAHHHHHHH!" the summoner suddenly shrieked....As Faye splashed him with a bucket full of what he realized was cold water...Making the boy shiver wildly..

"Heheh....Kind of like that?" the girl teased, as he shook wildly....his clothes now dripping with what felt like ice-cold water.

"Y..Y..Y..You..." he snapped between shakes, as the girl lightly shook her head.

"You should take those off, before you get sick." she added lightly, moving over to hand him a towel. "Then, I'll make sure you're nice and clean."

The summoner was more than a little wary, but he had to risk it, or hypothermia. He slid off his robes, and underclothes....Wrapping the towel around his waist as the girl chuckled.

"Looks like you really weren't expecting that cold water." she adds, prompting the boy to flush.

"You....looked?!" he snapped defensively, before shaking his head. "Ugh....I mean....Ah.."

He couldn't believe it... The girl who seemed to be all serious and Alm...was teasing him?! How did he become the victim in this?

"Don't worry...." the girl mused, as she filled the bucket with water from the tub, and then dunked it over the boy's head. "I'll make sure to...warm you up."

The water she splashed over him was far more comfortable than the cold water....Yet, the shock made him shudder again....letting the warmth wash over him.

"B..better.." he sounded, starting to run his hands over his body....And feeling another pair of hands over him.

"You're not going to get clean like that." Faye's voice called out all too quickly, as she started to scrub his back. "Come on...As our summoner, you need to set an example."

The summoner couldn't move, feeling the girl's hands scrubbing along his shoulders, and inching down....shivering as warm water continued to melt away some aches and pains........Yet....

"H..hey..!" he quickly snapped as her hands started to snake forward, rubbing at a certain part...

"Oh, you must be enjoying this.." her voice started again, the boy flushing.

"A..Am N..."

GRIP.

"I told you.." the girl's voice started steely, as he felt himself grow to fill her hand. "Lying....Is...Bad..."

The boy gulped, the girl's grip on him firm, and quite unyielding.

"O..O..okay....I..I kind of am...enjoying..This.." he stammered quietly, as the girl's grip loosened ever so slightly, before he felt something soft press into his back.

"Mmm....And I think I know what else you'd enjoy..." Faye continued, starting to run her hand along him....back, and forth...Back...and forth.. "But...I'm going to need some more...assurance."

The summoner quivered in the girl's grip, feeling his body tense, and flush anew.

"W...wh..what do you need to..." the boy asked slowly, as if a wrong word would lead to his untimely transformation into a eunuch. The girl's warm body pressed into him a bit firmer, as her voice dropped to a low whisper.

"The same as Yesterday..." she sounded, quickening her pace. "I know we have quite a few girls with us now. I Just...want to make sure they're not a...threat."

The boy felt himself wriggling a bit at the girl's rapid stroking, shivering.

"So just...bring some along.." she added, her voice turning an almost deadly level of sweet. "And make sure Alm doesn't see them. Otherwise....."

He felt her grip suddenly tighten as he hit a dangerous level....Stopping his excitement's motions in it's tracks....

"This won't be the only part of you in need."

The boy couldn't move...Could barely flinch, and certainly couldn't try to wrestle away. He sat frozen in a mixture of pleasure and fear.....Before feeling the girl's grasp on him vanish, as she giggled anew.

"Hehehe. I should go get ready." she added, the boy not even daring to turn around. "Gonna be out all. day. After all. Need to get dressed, and ready to go."

He didn't move as a towel was thrown over him...Still warm, and filled with Faye's scent....blushing after the lightest of moments....And looking at the water.

"Y..Yeah...I should too.."

The warm water was a light reprieve from the mixture of terror, and enticement he had felt over what happened.

'Terricement? Enti-ror? What word would that be...' he thought to himself, sinking in the water for a bit....Postponing going out for just a bit longer......

.....

.........

............

The boy eventually returned, changed into dry clothes, and started towards the summoning grounds,, He had a few orbs from their journeys yesterday, but didn't have the time to put them to use....Given Faye's little request.

The boy flushed slightly as he remembered the girl's offer of underwear.....then, her own stream of personal waters.....

'I wonder if....No...Better not think on it..' he thought to himself, as he set up the orbs he had. A bit of positioning, and the preparation of Breidabrik later....

Bang..!

The orb shimmered.....A brush of smoke....And, as it cleared...

"H..Hi! Hello! My name's Nino! Mage of the Black Fang..." a petite girl's voice called...Short green hair flowing along an adorable round face... Deep blue eyes stared at him, while she had a bright...wide smile. The summoner felt himself ease a bit, moving over to rub at the girl's head.

"Though, you're just a mage now." he mused, grinning. "I know I can count on you."

"Ehehe....I'll do my best." she piped back, and the Summoner leaned back a bit.

"C'mon, let's go."

He could almost forget about his worries and concerns throughout the day as the girl clung to his arm....pacing with him.

"Are we ready to head out?"

Almost.

"A..Ah... Yeah." the summoner called, turning his head. "I just..was about to pick up Tiki and someone to.."

"Ah..! Summoner.." a roughly familiar voice called, the boy turning to see a head of blue.

"Oh, Catria.." he remarked lightly, the Whitewing with a blue dress striding up.

"I was....just wondering.." the girl started, averting her gaze. "We...The whitewings probably left a bit of a...shameful display yesterday. And..I wanted to help rectify that. If you'll allow me to, of course."

The boy glanced at her, and then at Faye, who gave a small nod.

"Sure. We'd love to have you." he remarked with a smile, the blue haired girl blushing.

"Y.You got it." she called a bit seriously, nodding her head. "I'll..um..get my stuff. Be back as soon as I can."

The boy watched her dart off at this, the back of her dress fluttering more than he wanted to admit. He could almost feel a flush forming on his lips, before a familiar green haired girl started over.... Her pink dress looking a bit wrinkled from her slumber...

"Mmm...Are we going to be fighting?" Tiki's voice called, as the boy nodded a bit.

"Yeah... We have to, so we can save all of the heroes."

"Okay." Tiki remarked, smiling. "I'll do what I can to help."

The summoner smiled warmly, turning to see Faye's approving nod...And he gestured.

"Alright..! Let's go!" he called out..gesturing dramatically...........

.....After a short wait, of course.

....

........

"And now!" the summoner called, gesturing at a red haired hero. "Catria! Finish him!"

The mounted Pegasus knight dove at this...her spear catching the legendary warrior in the chest, and knocking him to the ground. While the others were felled between Tiki's dragonic form....Nino's blades of wind, and Faye's deadly arrows..... Catria's lance was usually the deciding factor for most of their battles.

"Ah, Thank you! You've proven your might over us, so we can be free!" the warrior's voice called, as he pushed himself up. "I owe you my thanks.."

"No problem." the summoner called, waving a hand as he started through the path, heading towards the portal out of the world of binding. "Come on girls."

He waited for the group to follow him through another portal....A path towards a different dimension.

"The world of Awakening.." he thought to himself, closing his eyes....Before feeling an arm on his shoulder.

"Good work, summoner." Faye's voice called, as she pulled out a box. "I've brought us some food...So, we can keep going."

"Ah..! I could really go for something right now..!" Nino starts, before lightly covering her mouth. "Oh...but..Um..I can wait, if I have to.."

"I could go for something too.." Tiki adds, cupping her stomach. "I'm quite hungry..."

"Well, we can break in the next world.." Catria calls, quietly. "And..eat before we get into battle."

The summoner nodded as they passed through the portal...Into a beautiful world. The sun was held high..The fields were green, and lush with life.....

"Talk about perfect picnic weather..." he said to himself, as Faye pulled out a bag and started to hand out some things. A few cups, some rice balls and a kettle.

"Here. One for Tiki...One for Nino...one for Catria.." Faye mused out as she handed the cups and food out...Before turning to the summoner. "And don't think I've forgotten about you!"

She smiled as she gave him a riceball too, pulling out her kettle.

"It'll be a bit cold, but this tea should refresh all of you." she mused, pouring it out for each person in turn as well. The girls sipped at it quickly, their eyes going wide.

"O..Oh wow..!"

"This is really quite lovely..!"

"Excellent tea, Faye.."

The boy seemed to hesitate before drinking and eating..Watching as Faye poured everyone a second.....and even a third cup for Catria.... Moving over to sit next to the summoner.

"What's your secret?" Nino asked lightly, the girl lightly cupping her face.

"Oh, just....Love." Faye mused, leaning into the summoner. "And a few little things. It's all in the preparation."

The boy quietly started to sip at the tea....Finding it quite good as well...

"This is a bit of a mix....Dandelion tea always makes me feel better."

The boy paused for a bit, wondering if dandelion had some kind of extra effect, as he cautiously ate with the others......A short while passing, before they stood up.

"Alright! We'll clear this world, and head back!" the summoner called, pointing forward. "Everyone ready?"

"I'm prepared." Catria called, gripping her lance, and climbing atop her pegasus.....giving him another flash of her bare thighs..and nearly her bottom....

"Uh huh.." Tiki added, clutching a blue stone. A dragonstone, meant to help her control her powers. So she could manifest, on cue......

"O..Okay..." Nino added with a small nod....Her legs pressing together. The summoner glanced her over, thinking about asking her....Before the others started ahead.

"I'll..Do my best..!" Nino added as she charged after, the boy staring at her flowing, purple cape.

"Is..she okay..?" he sounded to himself, the dusty blonde striding past him.

"Well, Dandelion tea does have a bit of a side effect.." Faye mused, as she gripped her bow. "It is, after all... A Diuretic..."

....

"Oh dear.."

[Chapter 3: Trials, Part 1, End]

*008*2017-05-04 06:35

[Chapter 3: Trials, Part 2:]

The world of Awakening was just as tainted as the other worlds.....The inhabitants all suspicious of the Summoner's group and preparing for battle. While Might, magic, and dragon power was enough to force away the first few waves....It wasn't very long before the summoner's eyes started to catch more than a few bouncing thighs.....

"N...Nnn..." Nino's voice grunted out as she held her hands over her white skirt, pressing firmly against it. "Are....we almost done with this world?"

"No...We have another battle to go to.." the Summoner called, trying his hardest to not stare at the girl's wriggling form. "Then, we should be able to free the people of this world.....and head back to the castle."

"Okay..." Catria's voice called as she held her spear up...The boy picturing her on the ground with the shaft of it pressed against her girlhood in agony. It was hard to get a good view while she was atop her pegasus, but he doubted she was much better off than Nino....

"Can we....hurry a bit?" Tiki's voice added, as the divine dragon kept her legs pressed. "I...I need to use the bathroom..."

"It won't be much longer...Don't worry." Faye's voice assured the girls for the summoner, lightly thumbing her bow. "We'll beat em, and get home in time for dinner."

"Mmmth.....Okay..!" Tiki sounded out as she stood firmly for a few moments with her legs apart....Before pressing them back together. "I..I'll manage."

"Nino, can you hold it a little while longer?" the summoner asked the green haired girl...Who locked her legs rigidly, and stood as straight as she could.

"I..I'll do my best!" she stated quietly, some soft whimpers audible through lightly clenched teeth.

The summoner lightly pat her head, and started forward at this.

"Onward!"

The group navigated through a chasm that lead into a cliff......Coming up on a settlement with more enemy forces. A boy with a pot on his head, and a woman with long, white pigtails. Other armored, proverbially faceless figures flanked their sides.....Prompting the summoner the lightest bit of pause.

"Nino, you take care of the farm-boy.." he directed, the little green-haired mage raising her hand high. Green blades crashed from the sky down onto the boy.....knocking him out in a dual-strike......Leaving the girl a few precious moments to grind her palm into the front of her skirt.

"O..Okay....G..Got it.." she signaled back to him, bouncing on her knees as she lightly hunched over.....Fighting her own internal tides from shoring up.....

'She's really having it rough...' he thought as the others started forward...Prompting him to point at the white-haired girl.

"Tiki! I need you to handle her!" he stated, quickly. "Catria, Faye! Go clean up the enemies around us."

"Okay..!" Tiki started as she charged towards the woman.....Vicious wind magic bursting out from the enemy's extended hand....

The summoner's cheeks flushed a bit as Tiki's mini-dress was lifted a few inches from the magic.....Showing off some Lacey purple panties. No doubt worn for comfort, rather than any kind of seduction, he couldn't help but feel a bit warmer seeing it.....

Before she clutched her dragonstone, and shifted. If he needed any form of deterrent to trying anything with the girl, her figure shifting to a much larger blue dragon was a pretty good incentive to stay on her good side.

Faye's own long tan dress gave little in the ways of a view....But, Catria's blue dress constantly threatened exposure with every flap of her Pegasus's wings....As she eventually stood up.

The white haired woman retreated after Tiki's flames licked at her robes....Leaving naught but the armored soliders left......

"Alright Catria! Finish it off!" he commanded with a confident grin, the girl standing atop her mount with her lance at hand.

"No matter the cost!" she cried out as she leapt from it with a practiced motion...Her spear plunging into the armored knight's chest.......

And the back of her dress flared up..Showing not the white garments from yesterday...

But a completely bare bottom, that prompted the summoner's own voice to shift to a bunch of stammers and noises.

"C..Catria..!" he snapped quickly, the rider turning after pulling out her lance.

"Yes? Is something wrong?" she replied quietly, smoothing out her dress, and starting to mount her Pegasus again.

"You're..! You're not...!" he stuttered, gesturing at the girl's hips.....And prompting a blush from her in turn.

"O..Oh...R..right.." she started, a bit too quickly. "I..erm...something appears to have happened to them. I couldn't find them this morning and well....I didn't want to stall our efforts... "

"I..It's fine.." the summoner called, stifling his own flush and starting to head forward in a bit of a rushed manner. "L.....Let's just....Just get through this last part...and We'll be able to head back."

"Got it...!"

"Okay."

"Alright!"

"W..wait up..!"

Perhaps it was because he was rushing a bit.....Or, maybe it was the white haired girl's escape...But, as the summoner climbed up a hill, wind magic lashed by him.....Barely avoided.

"I knew you'd make it here...." A firm, confident voice called out...The leader of their foes in the world....A strong looking man, with blue hair, and a brilliant sword....The Prince of Awakening...

"Be careful, Chrom! Their tactician is skilled...." the white haired girl from before called out just as quickly....readying her tome. "Perhaps, if we were to capture him.."

An arrow suddenly flew by the Summoner at this.....Faye's aim piercing the white haired girl's arm....

"Robin, back down. We'll handle this." Chrom's voice called as the rest of the summoner's team darted up....Catria's lance being held up.

"Just this last battle, and we can leave.." Catria sounded out. "Come on, let's go everyone!"

Nino and Faye took opposing sides to Catria....Preparing for battle.

Lance met sword.......Arrows were fired....and, a horse-mounted lancer was knocked aside by conjured green blades....From a shaky...trembly mage. Steel clashed with steel...

And, after a lengthy, fierce battle....The blue haired prince knelt before them.

"Hm..? So, you're not going to kill us.." he called, before slamming his fist on the ground. "Damn..I can't believe we were tricked by that...witch."

"W..witch? What is he talking about..?" Catria's voice called out as she dismounted her Pegasus... and the summoner pulled his hood over his face.

"Veronica.." he called, before shaking his head. "Either way, we should get going. This world has been saved, so..."

"A..Aaaaahhhhhh..!!!"

The summoner's gaze turned sharply at this, the green haired mage suddenly stumbling about...and hoisting up her white skirt as she knelt down into a squat. It didn't take long for the summoner to find out why.....Some teal material under it darkening to a deep green......As she....

'F..Flooding...' the summoner thought with a flush, covering his face as the petite mage whimpered...A steady, low hissing ringing out through the area.

"I..I'm so..sorry..." Nino's voice quivered as the summoner paced over to her, a clear stream still gushing down her thighs....And, puddling under her. "I..I was trying to...Until we...but I...."

The summoner flushed bright red....but, placed his hand on the girl's head, gently rubbing it.

"Don't...Worry about it.." he assured her, gently. "You tried your best......."

He did his best to keep his eyes off her glistening thighs....Her darkening panties......And, the growing puddle beneath her......But, he could only avert his eyes so much....

"Nnnnthh..! I need to go too.." Tiki's voice called out quickly, as a second hissing stream suddenly joined Nino's.....

The green haired, petite dragoness having taken a similar stance, but pulling the purple panties aside. The summoner had a bit of trouble averting his eyes with two girlhoods pumping out piddle.......

"You're staring, you know.." Faye's voice snapped him out of his trance.....Shaking his head.

"I..I know.." he answered her.....Trying to give the two some space. Nino's face was still flushed deep at wetting....But, Tiki merely sighed in relief.....Sagging slightly.

"Do you need to go too, Catria?" Faye asked the blue haired girl...Who shook her head.

"I...I can wait." Catria added quietly, her palm resting on the front of her dress "Just have to head back now......"

The summoner tried very hard to not think about it, watching as she hopped atop her Pegasus anew...Prompting him another view of her plump rump.....

And turned his head back to the two, peeing girls.

"A..are you two done?' he asked quietly, as their streams started to dwindle down...

"Y..yes...Sorry.." Nino apologized again, as the summoner moved over to rub her head again.

"It's okay. Don't apologize so much." he assured her gently, kneeling over to kiss her forehead. "You tried...and that's what counts. Good job kicking butt with your magic."

Nino flushed again, but averted her eyes....Smiling warmly...

"T..thank you.."

The summoner started to lead everyone back to the castle, parting ways with each of them in turn.

'I wonder if Faye's gonna nab me again..' he thought to himself, walking down the halls again.

"Summoner.."

As if on cue, the sandy twintailed girl appeared...prompting him to turn.sharply.

"Y..Yes..?" he asked out already....the girl's eyes averting a bit...

"I...wanted to suggest a little something.." she added, quietly. "Could..you follow me?"

'It's not like I actually have a choice...' the boy thought to himself as he nodded, holding out his arm.

"Lead the way, Faye." he called out as the girl started to practically zoom ahead...seeming in quite a rush.

"So....I got a lot of information today..." Faye started, breaking the silence. "And....did you...like seeing...that?"

"Watching you all bail me out..?" he asked, as the girl shook her head quietly.

"Ah, no. I meant..." the girl called...her voice lowering. "....With...Nino..."

Red could be seen rising to the boy's cheeks, as he averted his gaze....And a hand rested on his lap.

"Lying is bad...you know." Faye reminded the boy...Who felt her fingers brush against him...And nodded.

"Y..yes then...I...Kind of liked it." he mused, quietly. "W..why'd you do that, anyways? Set everyone up with the Diure-"

"In here...." Faye interrupted, pushing open a door and tugging him inside. The door was shut before he could ask where he was...The girl moving inward quickly.

"S..so..what did you want me in here fo.." the boy called, before realizing where he was.

'The...The latrines..' he thought to himself, as the girl moved a fair bit over...exchanging glances with him.

"You...want to see me do it again..?" she added, quietly. "J..just from here though. I'm not going to....lift up my..."

The boy felt his body perk up at her offer....But, he did his best to quell his excitement....Quietly nodding...

"S..s..sure.." he answered quietly...The girl's face flushing again.

"O..okay..."

The boy watched as Faye knelt down again, her long dress meaning he couldn't see her thighs or...any further up than her shins, but...

Psss...Psssshh....

He could still hear, and see the clear stream starting to sputter out of her....liquids starting to pool on the ground beneath her. He could see a fair bit of liquid glistening on the girl's legs after a bit....But, he did his best to remain calm....And not stare too much...

"T..there....I'm...I'm good." she called, quietly. "N..Now, you can go out..and.....Do as you will with...All of that imagery."

The summoner blushed brightly at this, but started over to the door, nodding.

"Th..thank you.." he answered....quickly heading out. "And..I won't say anything still..!"

"O..okay..!" the dusty blonde called back....Watching the boy leave...and the door shut behind him. She let out a long, tensed up sigh at this...And lifted her dress up....Greyed, formerly white panties cupping her girlhood, and still lightly dribbling with expelled waters...

'What would he think if he saw this...?' she thought quietly....starting to strip out of the wet garments......

"M..Maybe now I can finally.." the summoner called to himself as he went to head back to his room....As he heard some feverish knocking on a nearby door.

"E...Est, come on! Hurry up!" A familiar voice cried out, prompting the summoner to stop where he was standing...And peek around the corner. The blue haired Whitewing was busy bouncing in place....Her eyes half-squeezed shut, and her body tensing. "I..I'm gonna pop if you don't open up..!"

There was a bit of rustling, but the boy couldn't quite hear all of what was going on...Imagining what was going on...

'I'll be out in a minute!'

He felt his body tensing up anew at this.....Before something he hadn't expected started. The blue haired girl looked both ways at this...Before suddenly pacing away from the door, and to an open window....

"B..better than losing it again.." she called to herself, before raising her leg over to rest on the bottom of it...And pulled up her dress. Another bare girlhood on display for the boy....Followed by her parting her lower lips, and...

Pssssss....

A pale stream began to gush from the rider's lips....Arcing in such a way as to go out the window...Even as more than a few bits of piddle started to trickle down her inner thighs.......The girl letting out a deep sigh of relief...

"I hope no one sees me like this..."

The summoner felt his body tensing up anew at this....Mentally capturing the image of Catria's soft, pale skin.....And her clear arc.....

He almost wondered if she would end up spraying on someone....Before it started to trickle off, and merely splash against the walls and on the ground.

"Alright..! I'm coming out!" Est's voice called out quickly....As the blue haired girl smoothed out her dress, and pulled her leg down.

The boy watched as the door opened to show the pink haired girl with a towel wrapped around her petite frame....Looking over Catria.

"You didn't have to rush me, you know.." she added quietly, the girl waving her hand slightly.

"I..just really wanted to wash up after today." Catria called, defensively."Lots of fighting today...and all.."

"Suuuuure.." Est called, peering around. "Anyways...It's all yours now."

The Summoner watched the two girls part ways...Catria heading into the room..and Est moving away. He flushed deeply, and started down the other way..Trying to head to his room at this.

'Gods...So many good views...' he thought to himself, his body quivering with excitement as he hoped he'd get to have a little bit of privacy

'So little time to enjoy it..'

___

[Chapter 3: Trials, Part 2 End]

*012*2017-05-10 05:39

[Chapter 4: Acknowledgement, Part 1]

It was early...

Far too early for most people to be awake. One could hear the snoring from some rooms, and the light tapping of shoes against the stone castle floor....

'I wonder what time he gets up..' the lone figure walking the halls pondered...Her dusty blonde hair dangling over her shoulders. 'Maybe I could surprise him with breakfast...'

She was good at cooking, after all.... And, with all of her practice, she could likely whip up something special. It was just....

'But....'

She couldn't be completely confident that it would be to his liking.....After all, she knew that it worked for the summoner, but.....

"Ah, hey there Faye."

The girl froze as she pushed into the kitchen, the white-robed summoner looking back at her under his robe.

"Can't sleep? Me neither.."

"Ah, I was.." she started, hesitating for a change. The last time she'd seen him was in the bathrooms the day before....And, since she usually was looking for him for a reason...

It was...odd to not have anything plotted, or planned for him. She could smell something unfamiliar in the air as the summoner moved to pour an unfamiliar, dark liquid into a glass.

"I've made some coffee. Do..they even have coffee here? " he called, before shrugging his shoulders. "Eh...I don't really care too much..."

"Hm..?" Faye replied, glancing it over. It certainly...smelled invigorating, but she hadn't had the chance to drink any before...

"If you want a cup, I could pour you one." he added, lightly. "Just, uh..be careful. It's hot. And it's also..... A diuretic.."

The girl nodded her head, watching the boy pour her a glass of the beverage as well...As she raised it to her lips...

"Ah..almost forgot..!" he added, moving to pull out another bottle. "You..probably want something to sweeten it. Gods knows it's way too bitter for m..."

She tilted the beverage back slowly....closing her eyes as she downed the warm....bitter beverage. Her lips slightly pursed, but she set the cup down...lightly smiling.

"It's okay.." she assured, nodding. "I..I don't mind bitter tastes."

The summoner's gaze seemed to avert at this, as she looked back up at him..And started to sip anew.

The air went silent between the two for a bit...before she finally decided to break the ice, with a simple question...

"So...are you feeling better after...Last night?" she asked, the summoner nearly spitting out his own drink...As he set the cup down.

"W..well..." he started, rubbing the back of his head. "I...erm..."

The boy flashed back to the previous night, fresh from seeing Catria's display of desperation....And felt himself tensing up...

"Maybe I should summon first...Then take care of this.." he said to himself, before prancing down to the halls for another summon.....

....

"From now on, I'll become your shadow...."

A girl with dark, black hair.....very form-fitting tights, and a rather revealing split dress greeted him....Followed by a pair of dark, dangerous eyes. The boy knew this girl....but he didn't know to the extent of what she seemed fond of....

......

.......

Flashes plagued the boy's mind....

"Pardon? A bathroom break? The Apostle needs not these trivial things.."

A girl with long, purple hair, decorated in red and purple.. Her nose, slightly turned up, and her tone, regal...

"Y...You understand....Doing this kind of thing with me, Sanaki Kirsch Altina is a....great..honor...."

Shifting from haughty to naughty in mere moments....

"I...don't really like being gawked at in this robe.."

A girl with a long, flowing pink dress....And even longer brown hair......

"Mmmmaaaaahhh..Y.You know...You can watch, if you want. I don't mind.."

A stream flowing, and growing by the moment......Her garments pulled aside to show another bare girlhood.....

"You can think of me as a..Big sister.."

A buxom, affectionate girl, with curly, purple hair.....

"Naughty naughty, looking at me like this....."

A myriad of girls all flashed through his mind, before his body jerked awake, and he peered at a shadowy figure in his room....The same summoned girl peering over at him.

"You turned over thirteen times in your sleep.." she mused, with a growing smile. "Impressive. I take it my Lustful Hex had a favorable result?"

......

Faye saw the summoner's hood seem to fall back a bit at this...Golden-brown eyes looking distant as he recollected.

"Something was bothering me, so I couldn't." he answered quietly, before pulling the hood back up. "Either way....I'm gonna take the group out a bit later. World of Mystery is up next.... Did you want to come along? Or..."

Faye herself lightly snapped out of a trance she didn't know she was in, shaking her head.

"O..Oh, I just.." she started, shaking her hand. "I...would like a day off. Even I get tired of fighting sometimes.."

"Ah, okay." the summoner called, starting to set his cup down. "I'll make sure Alm's got the day off too, so you can..ya'know."

"O..Oh. R..right.." Faye sounded, nodding as the Summoner stood up.

"Well, I'm gonna go hit the baths." he mused, lightly. "Hope your day goes well today, Faye."

"Oh...Same...." the girl started absentmindedly, as something finally came to her attention. "Ah....It..occurs to me that I've never asked your name, Summoner."

"Hm? It's J-.." the summoner started, before raising his hand to his face...and glanced down. "....Faustus. Please, call me Faustus."

'J...?" she thought to herself, as the summoner started off.

"So, Faust?" she asked, as the summoner raised a hand.

"Faustus, please." he asserted, starting to seemingly vanish into the early morning dark.

Faye peered around the corner as he left, turning back with her own mind wondering....

'Faustus...' she thought, before shaking her head. 'Ah, doesn't matter! I have a day to myself! And Alm! I shouldn't worry about meaningless things like him......Right?.'

........

.........................

[Chapter 4, Acknowledgement, part 1 end]

*015*2017-06-13 18:38

[Chapter 4, Acknowledgement, Part 2]

The dusty blonde started along the castle with a small skip in her step...heading her way along to an all-too-familiar spot... a sizable bush giving her plenty of cover, as she looked on...

"I'll have the whole day to myself, and...watching Alm." she mused to herself, moving to her usual vantage point, and leaning down....

It wasn't long before the familiar, green haired and blue armored swordsman appeared at the training grounds.....Wielding his legendary blade, and striking at the training dummies.....

"Mmmm...Oh Alm..." the girl sounded to herself, letting herself laze under the morning sunlight, as a few other males joined Alm at the grounds.....Including an unfamiliar, yet royal figure with blue hair....

"My name is Ephraim!" she could make out from her spot, as he twirled a lance. "Come at me as you will, Alm!"

He seemed quite powerful.....And commanding...Yet, she could see the fire in Alm's eyes.... A vigor, to rise above the challenge...

'Lances are advantageous against swords..' Faye thought to herself, watching as the lance-lord handily parried Alm's strikes.... 'But..I believe in Alm..!'

She reach for her quiver, but realized in her eagerness to get to her vantage point, she had left it in her room.... Having planned to fire an arrow to give him the edge he'd need to overcome the new arrival......

'I'm sorry, Alm...It must have...' she thought to herself, chiding herself for letting it slip her mind. Though....

A firm panging in her lower abdomen gave her a timely reminder of what she had been doing out of the norm that morning....her legs involuntarily pressing together....

'Ah.....Right....'

Her morning encounter with the summoner, and his mystery beverage...

"Coffee..."

She'd heard of it before, but never had any before today, remembering the bitter taste....and the Summoner's warning...

'It's also...A diuretic..'

She'd still downed the beverage quietly, and commented on the taste. Part of her wondered why she felt like being polite to the summoner as she did....But, more importantly...she wondered why she would willingly ingest something that would make her need to go, outside of her usual dealings with the Summoner....

'He said he was going to be out with the others all day..' she thought, gently letting a hand lower to press at herself. 'So...there's no real reason to try to hold now, is there? I am wearing panties today, but. I can easily......'

She shifted her hips slightly, and watched as Ephraim parried Alm once more, the green haired swordsman standing up.

"Again..! I think I know what I did wrong.."

She watched as the boy pushed himself up, and prepared himself again...His strikes coming closer, but still being dodged by the blue haired lord's lance.

"Again..!"

Faye lightly gripped the knees of her dress, kneeling down a bit to get more comfortable...As she steeled herself.

'No.....This could be my penance for my mistake..' she thought to herself, her thighs tensing up slightly. 'I don't want to miss Alm Succeeding....And, he would have by now, if I had remembered my bow. So, until he makes that strike....I will sit here, and cheer him on.. From a distance, of course...'

The clangs of steel heralded a swifter strike than Ephraim had expected....But, he seemed unharmed, merely grinning an intense smirk at the boy.

"You're getting faster.." he called, placing his other hand on the edge of the lance at this. "Wonderful! I might have to actually try against you.."

The fire in Alm's eyes was almost corporeal, as he gripped his sizable blade in both hands, and grinned.

"Don't hold back on my Account..!"

To the girl's mild distress, Ephraim's parries got faster with every flourish....Alm's own pace quickening, but never coming any closer than the strike that sparked the Lord's interest....

'Come on Alm.....' she lightly prayed, her grip on her dress getting a bit tighter. 'You can...do it...'

The sun moved from it's path along the eastern skies, and progressed to about the midway point of the day.........The warm, summer's breeze started to quietly blow through.....

And yet, Alm and Ephraim's battle was still slanted in favor of the Lance-lord, who looked as if he'd seen better days...

"If you mean to outlast me.....You're in for a rude awakening.." he spat back towards Alm, who looked quite worn himself, the bulky blue armor no doubt weighing him down..

"I won't give up..."

Faye herself shook a bit more at the ordeal, both of her hands balled into fists as she bit her lower lip.....Her legs quivering intensely....

'I......I won't either..' she told herself, even as her body none-too-kindly reminded her of the growing, sloshing pressure in her internal reservoir....fighting to keep her body under control.... 'This pain....I'll endure it as long as it takes for you to succeed, Alm..'

She raised a hand to her uncomfortably firm bladder, as if trying to gently assure it as she stared intently...

'This time.....This time for sure...'

Yet as steel clashed with steel once more, Ephraim valiantly fought off Alm's advance once again...And the girl found herself cringing slightly....As if instead of striking his blade, the Lord had attacked her own bladder.....The girl now crossing her legs....

'Come on Alm.....' she prayed once more, closing her eyes as her hands pressed at the center of her dress. 'One strike...! You just need one strike!'

The sun continued to move, and the skies were turning a faint rouge, the day slowly wearing itself away...As the boy pushed himself up..

"Must we continue..? You've been trying all day..." Ephraim called out, leaning against his lance. "Your movements have gotten sloppy. You're just going to wear yourself out.."

"One....One more time.." Alm called out, sticking his blade into the ground..

"But you can barely.." the Lord started, as a loud clanging could be heard...The green haired boy's armor being stripped off, leaving him shirtless.... His bare, sculpted physique coated with sweat.....

"I'm...Just once more..." Alm called, readying himself. "Without that weighing me down, I can surely..."

Normally, Faye would have given just about anything for the boy to strip out of that armor and bare it all to the world.........But, in the current situation, she had her eyes half squeezed shut, and her body was shaking so wildly she couldn't enjoy the imagery....

'A...Alm...' she thought in a tensed, agonized wreck. 'Pee....Peelease....!'

Her eyes were watering...sweat was dripping down her body....As if trying to alleviate the mass of pressure within....As she shook, whimpered, trembled, and lowly whined....rubbing her knees together in a futile attempt to keep it back....

'Just.....This...Once...!more...!' she told herself, repeating the mantra that Alm had been echoing.....As her internal ocean threatened to swell.....

Both hands were now buried in her dress, and as the two went to collide once more, she squeezed her eyes shut....Gripping with all of her might...

CLANG...

The clash of steel once more....Followed by...

"Aha..! I knew it would help..."

"AH?!" Faye's voice practically yelled out in excitement, the blade at Ephraim's side, and the lance parried high......

"Very Good..." the Lord called, with a proud smirk, bringing his lance down to push some distance between the two. "Give me more...More!"

It was over.....The one strike had been made...!

'H..He did it..! I...I can...' the girl thought in intense relief.....Before something else tensed her up anew...

Ssssss.......

"A...AWAAAAH?!" she groaned out, a quick jet of warm, pent up waters spraying from her desperate girlhood through her panties, and making a large wet patch on her dress... "Ah...Nonono...! Not yet..!"

She struggled to clench off her flow, but before she could get her muscles to tense up anew..

"Ah..? Did you hear something?"

"Yes..... It was coming from over there.."

She had reacted too loud..! The duo had heard her...!

Sssss...Psssssssshhhhh..

The revelation, coupled with the sudden anxiety of being found out did nothing to help her situation, the warm, wet spurt starting to give way to a lengthier, relentless stream.....the wet patch of her dress growing from about a palm's length to two, and then three.....Her body refusing to succumb to her pleas of pause.....

'I...I can't stop it..!'

Her face burned with absolute shame as she hunched her head down, trying to make herself as small as possible, and squeezed her eyes shut.... In a few moments, the two would part the bush, and see her in a prone state.....Helplessly peeing her dress, like a small child.....

She wasn't worried about being found out as having been stalking the boy, knowing he was far too forgiving to let that bother him...But, to look like someone too immature to control their own urges...

Or worse, as being a kind of deviant who enjoyed such a vulgar, naughty habit....

Her body merrily pumped out what felt like pints of piddle into her poor, formerly pristine panties, and soaked through her dress, the girl feeling a copious amount of it running down her thighs, into her shoes....and some of it pooling a bit under her butt. If she opened her eyes, she imagined she could see a sizable puddle at her feet..... One that would spell her doom any moment now....

.....

.....

Any moment now....

....

"Aha...Sorry guys. I just....long trip today..Lavatories in use...So I...."

A familiar voice from behind caused the girl's eyes to open wide, her face going pale as she turned her head. The white robed summoner stood, his hands at his own personal area....Though, still clothed...

"Ah....Okay.." Alm's voice called out, casually.

"Ugh....disgusting " the Lord called out a bit indignantly, as the girl heard the two's footsteps pacing away....And she dared to peek through the bush....

'They're...leaving..' she noted to herself, as the green haired warrior went to adorn his armor, and the lord started back towards the castle....Leaving her in her own spot...still undiscovered....

By all but the summoner behind her...

"Sorry to be so crass, but.." the summoner called, his hands moving to his sides. "It was the only thing I could think of. I warned you about that coffee, you know..."

Faye's eyes welled up once more, before her face burned in shame again...As she averted her gaze from the boy...

"Thank you..." she uttered quietly, blushing brightly as her own stream finally started to dwindle down...Even if she could still feel several droplets dripping off her legs....

"G..Gonna be hard to get back to the castle like that..." he added, his own eyes averting from her body. "Don't..want anyone seeing you like that.."

The girl flushed once more, picturing it. Having to pace around, in a wet dress....The others happening to walk out and see it....The same amount of Ridicule as if she had been spotted.....Though, through a myriad of people, rather than just the boy...

She couldn't bear the thought, but before she could say anything..A white robe was thrown over her, covering her body.

"Here. I can tell em you just wanted to try it on. It is quite long and flow-y"

The girl clutched it as she wrapped the robe around her, looking back up at the summoner.

Golden-brown eyes gazed at her momentarily, while messy brown hair covered a fair portion of his head. She could make out a youthful visage, as he started along..red forming on his cheeks as he paced.

Faye found herself being quiet for a fair portion of their journey.....But, as they approached the safety of her own room, she finally turned to the Summoner for some kind of conversation.

"So..Um..How'd it go?" she called out, as the boy's eyes gazed away again.

"Ah...It was...fine.." he called, very deliberately avoiding looking down at her dress. "Seliph and Nino were doing work. The two are a powerful duo.... Oh, and I.....may have solved my sleeping problem.."

"Ah..?" she sounded quietly, as a voice called out from down the hall...

"Th..Tharja! I know you're Happy to see me, but we don't have to go into the baths at the same time..!"

"Why not? We're both girls, so it won't be a problem, Robin... No one should think..illicit thoughts .. about us."

"R..right.." the boy called, averting his eyes from the hall with Faye, as he held up a hand and started to move away. "I'll, um....Leave you to..."

"Hey, Faustus...?" the dusty blonde called again, prompting the boy to turn one last time towards her.

"Yeah, Faye?" he called, as she turned the knob on her door, and gripped the back of the robe....

"Thank you..."

She gripped the robe, and her dress under it with her hands, before hoisting them up high, flashing the soaked, white cotton still clinging to her bottom for a few, scarce moments at the summoner.....before starting into her room, and closing the door with her heels.

"G..Goodness..." the summoner called, still blushing ear to ear. "I'd...erm...better go do that summoning now.."

Faye quietly stripped out of her wet things, and tossed them aside as she prepared a change of clothes, sliding over to slump down into her bed.

'You know.....' she thought, her eyes fluttering closed as the night began to fall....sleep taking her quicker than it usually did. 'He's not....so bad...'

###

[Chapter 4: Acknowledgement part 2, End]

AuthorFaust: Faust apologizes for taking so long to update this....But, it's out now! Faust hopes you enjoyed! And.....wonders about a few things.....Mostly though, if there are characters people want to see, or perhaps if one wants this to get....a bit steamier.

