Barbara's First Time (A One Day At A Time fanfic)

Author: Arnold

*000*2021-03-25 22:46

The bell rings ending 4th period. Barbara gathers up her textbook and Chemistry lab book and prepares to leave. Her friend Trish comes up behind her. “Raviolis for lunch today,” Trish reminds her as the two girls head for the door together. Raviolis are the one cafeteria meal that Barbara actually looks forward to. “I just have to make a pit stop first,” Barbara then tells her friend. They both laugh as this is kind of an inside joke with them. “I’ll meet you downstairs in the cafeteria,” Trish tells her friend as the two girls go their separate ways.

Barbara wasn’t a jealous person by nature. She was pretty and popular and she knew she had a lot to be grateful for. The high school senior also had recently been accepted to several colleges. But she was jealous of the fact that her friend Trish had something of a mega-bladder -- the kind of bladder that enabled her to hold it in all day and avoid having to use the girls’ rooms at school. Now, there was nothing particularly wrong with Barbara’s own bladder -- I mean, it wasn’t that she was constantly needing to go to the bathroom all day. It’s just that it wasn’t so large as Trish’s was that she could avoid having to do a daily pee in the girls’ room here at school.

On one had, Barbara was smart enough to know that the girls’ rooms here at Nathan Hale High School -- especially the one up on the 2nd floor -- really weren’t all that bad as school bathrooms go. I mean, all the individual stalls did have doors on them for privacy and those doors all locked securely. And the bathrooms were typically kept pretty clean and well-stocked with essential supplies. It’s just that Barbara had always been a bit shy about her bathroom functions and really dreaded having to pee at school at least once every day. I mean, Barbara had always simply accepted that with her bladder being what it was, she’d simply have no choice but to pee at school and she easily dealt with that. It was just she always dreaded having to do it and envied that Trish didn’t

Heading into the 2nd floor girls’ room, Barbara finds it busy and crowded as it typically is in the passing time between classes. But only having lunch 5th period, she has time to wait. She goes over to the sinks and checks herself in the mirror there -- basically waiting for the bell to ring and the girls’ room to clear out a bit. Barbara looks beautiful as she always does -- she’s a natural beauty that looks good without having to work so hard at it. Even with just having to pee and having a stall with a lockable door to do it in, she still prefers not having to pee where a lot of other girls can hear her doing it. Going at lunchtime -- in an upstairs girls’ room away from the cafeteria -- gives her the chance to wait and let the girls’ room clear out a bit before she eventually goes into at stall to pee.

Barbara waits a bit as the girls’ room starts to clear out as the passing time bell rings. The pretty brunette then heads over to the stalls to do her business. This particular girls’ room is the largest in the school with 8 stalls. Barbara heads into the first stall by the wall. She bolts the stall door shut and begins undoing her pants. But before getting down to business, Barbara fortunately notices that the toilet paper roll is empty. This being the last stall by the wall -- with only one neighboring stall since the wall is on the other side -- it’s kind of a little more private than the other stalls. It’s obviously a popular stall for the girls to use and that’s particularly true when girls are in need of a #2. That probably accounts for the fact that all the toilet paper in there is already used up. She zips up her pants and heads to a different stall.

As Barbara heads into the next stall, she’s promptly warned by another girl in the bathroom -- a girl who seems to be dilly-dallying over by the sinks. “I wouldn’t go in there if I were you,” she tells Barbara. But it’s too late -- Barbara already has a look at what’s there. “Ewwwww!” Barbara reacts in near horror at what she sees. It’s some girl’s bowel movement and it’s half in the toilet and half on the toilet seat. “I told you,” the other girl says at hearing Barbara shriek like that. She also assures Barbara that it wasn’t her who made the mess in the stall. “What kind of people……,” Barbara mumbles to herself shaking her head and wondering how something like that can even happen. Suffice to say, Barbara doesn’t use that stall, either.

Finally, Barbara finds a good stall -- as clean as can be expected and well-stocked with toilet paper. She bolts the door and checks it to make sure it’s locked securely. The pretty senior brunette then unzips her pants and goes about her usual procedure lining the toilet seat with toile paper. The school toilet paper is rather thin, so Barbara uses a double thickness. She meticulously lines the left side of the toilet seat and then right side and then a strip along the back part closest to the wall -- all with a double thickness of toilet paper. Barbara is apparently not taking any chances of her butt actually touching the toilet seat. That accomplished, she then takes her jeans and panties down to about knee level and sits down.

Now seated comfortably -- at least as comfortably as Barbara can feel sitting on a public toilet seat -- she relaxes her control and starts to pee. The flow starts slowly at first as Barbara’s pee starts to trickle into the toilet. But the stream quickly picks up in intensity and is soon splashing noisily into the toilet water below. Barbara sits and enjoys the feeling of relief. The popular senior beauty pees a good bit before the flow slows once again to a trickle and then finally to the last few drops.

But Barbara bears down and pushes a bit making sure to completely empty her bladder. That forces another small, short stream of pee out and into the toilet. Barbara typically makes sure to completely empty her bladder when she’s on the toilet at school as she doesn’t want to have to go again later in the day. That done, Barbara folds herself a good wad of toilet paper and carefully wipes herself. Then, tossing all that toilet paper into the toilet, she flushes it all away and pulls up her panties and jeans. Between lining the seat and the thick wad she actually used, Barbara does use an inordinately large amount of toilet paper just to pee. She feels relieved at both having emptied her bladder and that she’s gotten the task of peeing at school over with for another day. If it’s a typical day, Barbara won’t have to use the girls’ room again today.

With that, Barbara heads down to the cafeteria for lunch. Trish is, of course, already there waiting for her. The two girls then get in line and get their food. Barbara loves the cafeteria’s raviolis and she gets herself the large portion. Trish is not very hungry today and gives Barbara one of her raviolis as well. Barbara feels stuffed by the time she’s done. Ravioli day is the only time that Barbara usually eats a lot for lunch.

Heading to Pre-Calculus class 6th period, Barbara feels stuffed and is a bit upset at herself for eating so much. Barbara thinks she’s fat but no one else does. In fact, just about everyone else thinks she looks sensational. And Barbara works hard in class as well. Soon, though, that stuffed feeling that she is experiencing turns to something else. Gradually, Barbara starts to feel the need to use the toilet again -- only this time it’s for the other reason. At first, the pretty senior brunette tries to put that feeling out of her mind. Barbara simply does not do that particular bodily function at school.

At first, she doesn’t think it much of a big deal. Sure, she’s going to be in for an uncomfortable afternoon holding it in until she got home. But in 3 ½ years of high school so far, Barbara has never had a bowel movement at school and she doesn’t intend to start now. Peeing at school was bad enough in Barbara’s mind, but having to do the other was something else entirely. She only has to get through two more classes and then a short walk home until she’ll be sitting on her very own toilet at home. “No big deal,” Barbara thinks to herself -- she has held it in a lot longer than that at school on several occasions and always made it home without any problems.

Barbara’s 7th period class is French. And right from the start of class, she can feel her need to have a bowel movement increasing in intensity. It’s not like Barbara hasn’t held in bowel movements at school before -- in fact, she’d done it a lot in her 3+ years of high school so far -- but she’s quite surprised at the sudden urgency of this one. She feels the bowel movement fighting it’s way to come out and forcing her to tightly clamp her butt cheeks together to keep it inside her. She repeats the process throughout 7th period with the bowel movement urge increasing in intensity each time.

But Barbara has no doubt that she can make it home to do her bowel movement there. She’s had many days at school over the years when the need to go had come on earlier in the day and she’d been able to hold it in a lot longer than she’s holding it in now. Barbara could deal with the discomfort of holding it in at school -- she was quite accustomed to doing that. What she couldn’t deal with was simply sitting down and doing this intensely private bodily function in one of the girls’ rooms here at school.

By the end of 7th period, her need to go has become quite intense and Barbara has to fight hard to continue holding it in. Maybe it was because of all she had eaten at lunch, but she can’t believe how fast she went from not having to go at all to having an outright emergency. She starts to think about other girls who do use the girls’ rooms here at school -- that is, use them to have bowel movements. They say that sometimes you just have to and you really have no other choice. At this point, Barbara really envies them. They say it’s no big deal going that way at school, but Barbara still can’t imagine that. She continues fighting to hold it in -- pinning her hopes on the notion that it won’t be long now before she’ll be home sitting on the toilet getting relief. Barbara tries picturing herself running through the door and heading immediately for the bathroom, taking down her pants in the process. Then she’ll just sit on the toilet and just let it out -- finally getting sweet relief.

It’s only a short walk down the hall to her 8th period English class -- her last class of the day. But it’s not easy getting there as Barbara has to stop twice on the way to clench her butt cheeks together to keep from going in her pants. Her friend Trish is in the class with her. The two girls meet at the classroom door. She sees Barbara struggling and in obvious discomfort. She asks her friend what’s wrong. Barbara says that she’s fine but Trish doesn’t believe her. “You have to go to the bathroom, don’t you?” Trish asks, “You have to take a shit, don’t you?” Barbara, at first, denies it. But, upon further questioning from Trish, admits that she does. But she is adamant that she can wait. “Its’ not so bad -- I can wait,” she tells Trish, “I can wait until I get home.”

But Trish isn’t so sure about that. She can see it in Barbara’s eyes just how badly her friend has to go. She urges Barbara to go to the girls’ room. “You need to go to the girls’ room, Barbara -- You need to go now,” she says, “I know you don’t like going at school for that, but sometimes you just have to.” Barbara, though, just shakes her head. “Sometimes you just have to, Barbara,” Trish reiterates, “I know you don’t like the school bathrooms, but sometimes you just have no other choice.”

“If you wait too long, you’re going to have an accident,” Trish warns her, “I mean, I’m sure you don’t want to end up with a mess in your pants, do you?” But Barbara simply insists that that isn’t going to happen. She reiterates that she can wait until she gets home as she usually does.. “It’s not like I haven’t done that before,” she reminds her friend. But Trish isn’t so sure this time. “Barbara, I know you have to go really bad -- I can see it in your eyes,” she urges, “You really need to get to the girls’ room and do it.”

“Really, Barbara, it’s not so bad having to do it at school,” she argues, “You know that no matter what, it has to be better than going in your pants.”

Barbara, though, just shakes her head. “That’s easy for you to say,” she tells Trish, “You who never even have to pee at school.” Trish just rolls her eyes at hearing that. “It’s not like I NEVER have to pee at school,” she explains, “Just because I’m lucky enough that I don’t have to pee at school most days, doesn’t mean that I NEVER have to pee at school at all.” She explains to Barbara that she’s peed at school “dozens” of times over the years. “And I’ve done the other at school, at least a dozen times, too,” she explains further, “I know it’s not the best having to do that at school, but it really isn’t so bad.”

“Sometimes you just have to, Barbara -- Sometimes you just have no other choice,” she argues some more, “No matter what, you don’t want to have an accident in your pants.” Still, the pretty senior brunette refuses to go -- although the prospect of losing control and making a mess in her pants does suddenly worry her. Obviously, she doesn’t want that to happen and suddenly she’s not so sure it won’t. And Trish is obviously quite concerned for her as well.

“Barbara, you need to go NOW!” Trish exhorts her with quite the sense of urgency in her voice, “Just go and I’ll tell Miss Johnson that you went to the girls’ room and that you’ll be a few minutes late for class.” But Barbara just shakes her head “no” -- telling Trish that the last thing she wants to do now is use the girls’ room while it’s crowded with everyone else during the passing time between classes. “Then wait until after the bell rings and get a pass from Miss Johnson and go then,” Trish urges her friend, “But just go or you really are going to end up with an accident in your pants.”

As the bell rings and the 2 girls head into the classroom and settle down for English class, Barbara really does start to consider that this may different than all those other times that she’s held in bowel movements until she got home from school. She starts to worry that this time she really might not make it and that an accident in her pants is a real possibility. Still, at least for the time being, the popular senior beauty remains in control and resists going to the girls’ room to do it. As Miss Johnson begins the class lesson -- a discussion of Shakespeare’s Romeo and Juliet, Barbara tries to take her mind off her bathroom needs and focus on that. But all she can think about is wondering if Juliet ever had to go to the bathroom this bad or if Juliet ever had issues with doing bowel movements away from her own bathroom at home.

Another intense wave from her bowels suddenly hits her. Barbara suddenly feels herself losing control. She tries to clench her butt cheeks to stop it like she’s been doing for most of the afternoon. But this time, she can’t seem to stop it. Barbara feels about ready to panic as she contemplates that she really is about to mess in her pants right there in English class. She closes her eyes and just hopes for the best as she feels her bowel movement starting to make it’s way out beyond her control.

But then -- miraculously -- she suddenly does regain control. With the bowel movement already partially out, she somehow manages to regain control and stop it’s further progress. And then, ever so carefully, she manages to push it back inside her. Suffice to say, the whole experience gets Barbara’s attention in a big, big way. She knows she just dodged her bullet and was just moments away from messing in her panties and totally humiliating herself right there in English class. She knows she was about to be the laughingstock of the whole school.

“Pssst!” she suddenly hears. She turns and looks at Trish who has apparently seen the whole thing. “GO!” she mouths to Barbara. “GO!” she repeats. This time -- apparently the outright terror of just nearly having messed her pants having gotten Barbra‘s attention -- the senior beauty realizes Trish is right. Barbara realizes that even if she does manage to hold it in through class, there’s no way she’s going to be able to make it home. And while messing in her panties on the way home might not be quite so bad as doing it in school, it’s obviously still not something she wants to do.

Barbara raises her hand and asks permission to go to the girls’ room. Miss Johnson grants it. Barbara then heads down the hall to the girls’ room -- hoping against hope that the girls’ room will be unoccupied at this time and that she’ll therefore having total privacy in there. She walks quickly but in short steps as she’s still got her butt cheeks clenched tightly together holding it. Getting to the girls’ room and heading towards the stalls, Barbara unfortunately hears another girl rustling about in one of the stalls. She feels about ready to panic. She just stands there staring into one of the stalls -- a stall she can see is quite clean and well-stocked with toilet paper and ready to be used. She’s obviously beyond desperate to go but she really doesn’t want to do this with another girl in the girls’ room.

It’s then that she hears a toilet flush and the girl comes out of her stall. She apparently knows Barbara but Barbara doesn’t seem to know her. She stops when she sees Barbara just standing there. “You have to go?” she asks Barbara. “I mean, you have to go more than just pee?” she clarifies. Barbara nods her head “yes.”

“You need to go then,” she tells the senior brunette sympathetically, “I mean, if you have to go then you really do NEED to go.”

“I know it’s not really the nicest thing to do that in school, but sometimes you just have to,” she tells Barbara, “Sometimes you just have no choice but to grin and bear it and go do what you need to do.”

“I just went myself -- It really wasn’t too bad at all,” she says, “Let’s just say that it’s better than the alternative.”

“Obviously, you don’t want to have to deal with an accident in your pants,” she points out, “That’s definitely a whole lot worse.”

Hearing that seems to be that final inspiration that Barbara needs. “Thanks,” Barbara tells her as she summons up the courage to actually enter the stall to do her business. The other girl goes over to the sinks to wash her hands. Barbara then proceeds to securely lock the stall door and unzip her pants. She meticulously lines the toilet seat with toilet paper just as she typically does. Working quickly, knowing that she could lose control at any moment, she yanks down her pants and panties to about knee level and sits on the toilet-paper covered toilet seat. Immediately she feels her bowel movement start to push itself out.

Instinctively, she clenches to get control and stop it from coming out. She proceeds to start peeing as well. As the pee flows and then slows down quickly, she eases her control and lets the bowel movement begin. She finds it difficult at first to just give up control and let herself have a bowel movement here. It’s difficult for her to have a bowel movement anywhere but in her own bathroom at home and it is the first time she’s going to be doing one in the girls’ room here at school But obviously, by now she knows she has to do it and she forces herself to give up her control and just let the bowel movement happen.

It does. In one mighty surge the quite large bowel movement pushes itself out into the toilet water below. The feeling of relief that Barbara feels at finally letting it out is quite intense. In spite of having had do it here at school, Barbara still enjoys the feeling of relief that comes from doing it. She sits a moment to just enjoy the feeling. But Barbara soon realizes, of course, that she’s not quite done yet. In fact, sitting down on the toilet seat and just letting it come out was actually the easy part. She still has to wipe herself and as she begins to contemplate that, she realizes that her behind feels like that’s going to be quite a chore.

She can already tell that her behind is quite messy -- so messy, in fact, that she wonders how it could have gotten that way for simply having a bowel movement in the toilet. It causes Barbara to suddenly worry about something else. She’s suddenly worried that maybe she didn’t actually manage to do it all in the toilet. She’s almost afraid to check her underwear but she knows she has to. Taking a look, though, she breaths a sigh of relief. She’s actually got some pretty bad skidmarks there -- obviously, she’ll have to rinse them at home before putting them in the wash -- but it’s nothing really bad at all. She breaths another sigh of relief knowing how easily it could a whole lot worse of a mess in her panties than that.

Reaching for the toilet paper, Barbara must then go about wiping herself. She seems to be alone in the girls’ room now and she’s happy about that. Still, she knows it’s not going to be pleasant. Suffice to say, she’s not impressed with the quality of the school’s toilet paper. Of course, having peed in the school bathrooms regularly through 3+ years of high school, Barbara had used school toilet paper before. But, of course, wiping herself after this is quite different than wiping herself after that. She folds up a thick wad of toilet paper and takes the first wipe. The paper comes back a total mess. She goes again with another thick wad. That, too, comes back, just about completely covered in fecal matter. Barbara starts to wonder if she’s ever going to be able to get herself clean. But taking her third wipe, she starts to feel like she’s making progress.

The paper still comes back well soiled, but at least with less caked on poop than with her two previous wipes. Sure wonders exactly how her butt managed to get so dirty when she didn’t actually mess in her panties. Going at it with her 4th wipe, though, she really starts to feel like she’s getting clean. Still, it takes a 5th and a 6th wipe before she finally finishes the dirty job. “Whew!” she breaths yet another sigh of relief at getting that done. Standing and turning to look into the toilet, she sees she’s done quite a bowel movement in the toilet. With all that, it’s no wonder the urge for her to go came on so quickly and so strongly this afternoon. And it’s no wonder, either, why it took some much wiping to clean up afterwards. She stares at it a moment, not really wanting to think about how easily that all could have wound up in her pants instead of the toilet. Still, she’s quite proud of herself for actually doing it in the toilet.

Flushing it away, the toilet almost clogs from all that toilet paper -- including all that she had used to line the toilet seat beforehand. But, fortunately, with the powerful flush of those school toilets, it all goes down. Exiting the stall and going to over to the sinks, Barbara suddenly feels great pride in what she’s done. Sure, all she really did was a have a bowel movement in the toilet like she’s supposed to. It’s hardly something that a girl in high school should really feel a sense of accomplishment about. I mean, by the time they’re 3 or 4, pretty much everyone has mastered pooping in the toilet. But for Barbara, this somehow felt different. It was her first time. In 3+ years of high school, she had never done this here in school before. It was something that other girls her age did, but she was afraid to do. But now, she had done it, too. It was once, but she had indeed done it, too.

Walking back to class, Barbara not only felt good having dropped that load that she had painfully been holding in all afternoon, she felt liberated. She no longer had to worry about what would happen if the time came when she needed to go at school and simply couldn’t hold it in like she usually did. She no longer had to worry about what she was going to do next year at college when she couldn’t simply wait to come home in order to do it in her own private toilet. It was indeed an accomplishment for her. It was cathartic to her. In a way, Barbara -- at 18 years old and a senior in high school -- was now fully toilet-trained.

Getting back to English class, she gives her friend Trish a “thumbs up” signal as she enters the classroom. But that was completely unnecessary because Trish could already tell by the big, proud smile on Barbara’s face that she had indeed finally done it -- she had indeed finally mastered the fine art of pooping at school She gives Barbara a “thumbs up” in return. And a short time later, Barbara is passed a note in class. It’s from Trish. “Congratulations on your first time!” it reads.

