Fantasy Wetting Contest With My Girlfriend

Author: argo46

*000*2016-02-17 20:27

It's been a very long time since I posted anything, but I was feeling in the mood and decided I'd write something today :-) This is a work of fiction that hasn't actually happened, since my girlfriend is not a fan of my fetish, but it is a fantasy that I'd love to see happen someday. Also, this fic does contain male wetting as well, but the focus is on the female desperation and wetting. It also speaks of and alludes to sexual activities, so if that isn't your thing, feel free to move on if you'd like. Without further ado, I'll begin :D

____

It was the sound of the front door opening that broke my concentration on the book that I'd been reading for quite a while. I'd been so absorbed in it that I was actually becoming pretty desperate to pee, probably around a 6 to 6.5 out of 10, but I'd been ignoring my need since the book was so good. I glanced at the door, already knowing who it would be. Alicia, my beautiful, wonderful girlfriend came in, home from work at last, and to my amazement, she was openly holding her crotch with one hand and almost dancing in place.

"Ohhh, you wouldn't believe how bad traffic was today, babe," she moaned to me.

"Ha ha, it must have, honey, because it sure does look like you've been waiting a while for the bathroom. If it helps though, you look absolutely adorable."

She really did look gorgeous. That beautiful blonde hair, cascading to her shoulders like a curtain of spun gold, that curvaceous yet slim figure that drove me wild, her ample yet pert breasts, and as I saw when she turned to close the door, her perfectly shaped, rounded butt. She was a goddess in human form, a figure of such beauty that it amazed me each day that she wanted to stay with me, when she could have any other guy in the world if she wanted. She turned back around to face me, smiling at my compliment. However, she immediately doubled over, holding her crotch with both hands now.

"I appreciate that you think I'm beautiful, but how will you feel in ten minutes when I soak the floor? I seriously need to pee so badly!"

Seeing her little show immediately made my desperation even worse, and I had to quickly hold myself as well.

"When was the last time you went, Ali? Did you not use the bathroom before you left work?"

At this comment she flashed me a coy smile. "Well...maybe I just didn't feel like it," she said, winking at me. "Why haven't you gone either? I see you holding yourself too." She laughed, but midway through it became more of a moan as she held herself harder.

"Well," I said, "maybe I just didn't feel like it either. Now it looks like we've got quite the dilemma on our hands. Two people dying for a pee, and only one bathroom in the house. Whatever can we do?"

"Well...for the sake of fairness, how about neither of us use it? Hmm?" She gave me that wicked, sexy smile that she always shows when she's excited. "Work was pretty stressful, babe. I could use....a little something to relax. Maybe a little something that's warm and wet?"

"Oh, I think I like that idea. I guess we'll both just have to hold all of this pee won't we?"

"Yep...although I don't think I'm gonna last very long. Ahhh, I need to go so badly. These jeans really push on my bladder so tightly." She held herself again, doubling over in desperation. "It's so tempting to just let it go right here. My panties are already soaked too."

"Really? How much have you gone?"

She gave me that coy smile again, moving closer to me. "Oh, it isn't pee. I haven't let any of that out yet." She let out a moan, more of a cry of pleasure than desperation, stroking her crotch with one hand and her butt with the other.

"Oh, I see! You're really excited, huh? Well you aren't the only one now."

"Good," she said as she continued to dance on the spot, occasionally squatting down and holding herself. I stood from my chair and started having to make my own attempts to hold on, as the urge for relief became so much stronger. It felt like an unstoppable need, a desire to just let it out, let it flow, flooding my pants, the floor, everything, in a cascade of warm relief. This thought ramped up my need even more, and I almost lost a little right then. Ali wasn't doing much better, either. She squatted very suddenly, moaning loudly for relief and holding herself for dear life. I just admired her figure from behind, looking at the way her tight jeans encased her butt so tightly. Her desperate display was turning me on so much.

All of a sudden, that butt that I was admiring so much developed a small wet spot. Ali moaned again, quickly letting out several more whimpers as well. A drop of her pee dripped off of her butt, landing on the floor, and her wet spot grew a little bit, shining with warm wetness.

"Ohhh, that felt so good. I don't think I'm gonna be able to hold it much longer. It's just so overwhelming, so exciting. God, I need the relief so badly! Ahhh, I wanna pee!" She stood back up and faced me, blushing with excitement, in complete, utter desperation. She gasped as she was looking at me, quickly reaching down to her crotch. Even with her hand covering herself, I saw the glistening wet spot spreading again, expanding beyond her hand and starting to reach her thighs. "Ahhh, so warm! I don't think I'm gonna be able to hold back soon." She winked at me. "I see my show is exciting you isn't it? It's sure getting me worked up."

Indeed, I was getting very excited, and very desperate too. Against my will, my bladder pulsed in desperation and I peed some, forming my own warm, glistening wet spot, although it wasn't the size of Alicia's yet. She flashed that wicked grin when she looked at my crotch and saw it.

"Oh, can't hold it either? We're so bad, grown adults who can't hold it, peeing...peeing," she stopped in midsentence and it was clear that she had just started doing what she was saying. "Ahhh, can't hold it, can't hold it! Ohh, so warm, so wet." She went in her pants for around five seconds, expanding her wet spot to her knees, the denim glistening with her relief, shining with the pee she just couldn't help but let out into her clothes. She had started panting by this point, clearly aroused and desperate to continue the relief that had already begun to spurt into her jeans. "I think this is it, babe. I just need it so badly. I need to go, and I just wanna give in and do it. Would you like that?"

"Of course!" I was so aroused now as well, still holding back my own ocean of pee. "Just go ahead, let it all out. Just soak yourself and enjoy it."

"Ohhh...yes, I want to. I need to! ....I'm going to." She pretended to act shy, smiling and lowering her head, both of us staring at her crotch, waiting for the flood to be released. It didn't take very long, either. Within just a few seconds, I heard it. Hissssssss, hissssss. "Ahhhhhhh," she moaned, letting herself relax, giving up, letting the relief just overtake her and flow out into her pants and panties. Her wet spot immediately expanded, flooding down her legs, her warmth just rushing out at this point. She quickly became soaked all the way down her legs as the pee just kept coming, flowing into the shoes that she had never bothered to take off. Her pants became saturated, unable to hold any more pee, and it just started to run off of her, splattering onto the floor and creating a huge puddle.

The pee overflowed her shoes as well, adding to the puddle expanding all around her. She turned away, showing me her butt as she kept soaking herself. Her entire backside was soaked, glistening, gleaming with wetness. Helpless sounds of relief were escaping her lips, moans and whimpers that she just couldn't hold back. I couldn't contain myself either, as I stepped into her puddle, grabbing her butt and feeling how warm, how wet she was. I ran my hands down her legs, reveling in her "accident". She turned around, showing such an orgasmic look of relief on her face. The only sounds in the room were her noises, her pants and moans and whines, and the pee flooding off of her, splattering onto the floor.

My body couldn't hold back anymore. The urge built up and then released as I gave up my own control. Warm, wet relief flooded into my pants as I gave in and soaked myself with her, adding to the lake of pee that she had already made. As I have into my own urge and started to experience such sweet relief, she finished, the final drops of pee dripping off of her butt and her legs. She was soaked to the skin, her bottom half glistening with wetness. And judging by her face, she was so desperate for another release now, another feeling that she needed so badly. We embraced, my warmth joining with hers as I continued to soak myself, and we kissed passionately, both of us needing it so badly. We gave in and let our desires take control, and as my bladder finally emptied, completing the ocean we had just created, our arousal so intense, our clothes came off and our love intensified even more. From there...well, I'll let you think of what happened next ;-)

____

Finished! I hope it's an okay story. Sorry if it was kinda long, but I tried my best :-) Hopefully I'll be able to post here more often now. Hope you enjoyed it!

*002*2016-02-19 19:28

Yay! Lol thank you very much! :-D

