Midnight Runner

Author: AlmightyIdiot

*000*2024-11-18 20:52

&&

Several years ago there used to be an ocean in the night sky. A vast scape of stars that decorated the black void with glowing lights. Now, staring up, Hazel can only see the red flash of a plane and the great yellow crescent. It was a disappointment to put it lightly. She wondered if in another life she could have seen the wonders of the world before it was desecrated.

The brown doe sighed, " Better late than never..." Her mind came to her parents, always so noisy. If others had helicopter parents then she had Apaches. Until she moved out to college, Hazel couldn't ever breathe without them knowing. 'They had their perfect little plan, have me become someone to be revered and impress all their friends. Yeah right! Like I'm their perfect little princess that'll make everything right.' She takes a handful of the sand beside her and chucks it away. The windy night had other plans, blowing the specks of earth back at her eyes. She flailed her arms up, trying to use the sleeve of her hoodie to bat the sand on her face. "Awww FUCK," she yelled back at the sea. While the searing pain continued, that magic word took some of the sting out, she smiled.

In the past, whenever she said something foul, her dad used to give her a piece of his mind in the form of an hour lecture that would drive his fury even more if she didn’t pay attention. She envied those that only had a swear jar. Out here, several miles away from them, there was nothing to stop her from doing and saying what she wanted. She wasn't sure if it was the sand or the bitter past but her eyes teared up, the burning sensation biting back. Hazel reached over for her backpack, searching for a tissue or whatever, "God this sucks."

She wanted to relax and enjoy herself alone and not in her shitty studio, not get pissed off by people who aren't even here. Wiping away her eyes, "What am I even doing." She laid against the towel and used her pack as a headrest. Her hands gripped it, not wanting another dose of reality to hit her again. It was uncomfortable and clunky, a bit of the literal sense and she removed a six pack. Before her trek, she used a fake id one of her new friends got for her. It cost a good sum of change but her parents didn't plan for her to be broke. However, buying whatever was the most expensive brand in the store, she wasn't sure how long the savings would be good for.

Removing the top would be a challenge if not for her steel toe boot punting the cap off. Taking her first sip, her cheeks puffed up and she tilted her head up to let gravity help her swallow the stuff down. It was unexpectedly hot, but it brought a rush to her. The pain lit a spark to her body, feeling much different than what she felt before. The second swig wasn't any better than the first, but she didn't want to let this go. Within a minute, she found the bottle to be empty and she felt excited. Of course, she wasn't a complete idiot and thought that alcohol worked instantly, but for the first time in a long long while, she felt free. Hazel let out a giggle and threw the bottle across the beach,"WOOOOOOOO!"

This rush of excitement felt even more exhilarating when she got her ear pierced. That was a time of planning and calculation to have that done as a celebration to moving out and become her own with some nervousness thinking about the pain. The moment here is the same way but there were people to put airs on, a trend to follow and a clique to please, this was raw, pure, and more spontaneous.

======

Nursing another bottle, she left the towel to go barefoot closer to shore where the waves rose up and down. Her toes took in the cool feeling of the delightful texture of the hardened sand. She played around, drawing a pattern quickly before the tide came back to erase her progress. She kept on laughing and soon enough downed the last of that bottle, the entire pack actually. "Awww, but it was sooooo good," she frowned. Hazel dropped it, unsure what to do with the empty bottle and instead walked toward the ocean so that her knees were submerged. Her mouth was fire and her body was cool, it was like she could melt. She stood there for some time, her mind fuzzy but she smiled.

Mesmerized in ecstasy, she felt herself coming back to reality, a heavy bulge weighing her down and throbbing. "Ahhh, pee." She looked around, only blankly staring at the wide sea at the horizon and the sand behind her. There wasn't a bathroom in sight where she was. Turning around she tries to walk back to her stuff but trips down and falls onto the shallow water. It wasn't painful, only unexpected, "That dossn't h-pen... rright?" She stumbles to get up, the water feels heavy, dragging her back as she crawls back up. Shaky but not stirred, her legs hobble their way to her spot. Facing her long boots, she tries to put them on, but finds her foot getting stuck, "STooopid foot, gin." Getting frustrated, she takes the boots and throws them inside her backpack. Besides the bottles, all of her belongings were packed and she left the beach to go home.

'Far' was all she knew. Following the trail of headlamps on the street, she stumbled fo*hic*rward . If anyone was nearby, they could sound her out by the hiccups that took over. "Unnnnnnnnn," she groaned, her body feeling heavier overtime. Her tummy felt like an oversized balloon, filled with pee. She tried to use her phone as a GPS, but upon managing to pick the right app, the location 'zxczczzxfgann' was not available, darn.

The sensation at her bladder irritated her, waves coming and going just like the beach, "Hahhhhh, beacch beach." Clueless as to where she was going, she finds herself seeing the sand again, "Zat's not home." That's right Hazel! You don't live as a mermaid or a crab here. Unknown to her, it was a different section of that beach from before, this location closer to the business and boardwalk. Despite her observation, she continued to step over the soft sands, numbing her tired soles. Looking at the dark rectangles in the distance, there was one closing in on her. It was a lot smaller than the other ones.

On closer inspection, it was a blue porta potty, surprisingly not stinky. Without much thought, she stepped inside for nature's call. Closing the small box left no light to where she couldn't see her own hand so she let the moonlight welcome by leaving the door open. Putting her hand to herself and reaching down, she could feel how big and swollen her abdomen became. Pulling down both her skirt and underwear, *THUD* she collapsed back onto the seat.

*PSSSSSSWWWHHH*

Like pushing down the detonator of a tnt bundle, it all exploded in an instant. Her mouth drooped in bliss, she could finally let go of that rock holding her back. Feeling her tummy again, she could feel the skin recede back as all the contents rushed out of her. The pit under her filled so that it wasn't a thin puddle but had some depth to it. Normally, she never had to go this much at once before. Her little tail wagged as she went, the heavy stream dying down along with the speed of her tail going side to side. Putting some force into it, a few more spurts came out, getting every last drop out of her overfilled bladder. Blotting herself with a bundle of paper, she felt much relieved where upon leaning over to grab her skirt, she was out like a light.

