Yeto's Soup

Author: anonymous221

*000*2016-09-09 22:20

This is heavily inspired by shadow66

's "The Legend of Zelda: Link's Desperation" I've never even written a fanfic before, and welcome criticism. I hope you guys like it. :)

Link first realized his need when he started towards Snowpeak. He had been drinking water all throughout the Desert Temple and it was starting to take its toll. He stopped on the cliffs edge right before the frozen lake and took a deep breath. It’s not that bad, Link had thought, I can just go after the next dungeon. After all, he wanted to help Midna get the Mirror of Twilight repaired as soon as possible.

He changed into a wolf and followed the Reekfish scent easily. The scent led him to what appeared to be a yeti, which slid down the other side of the mountain on a frozen leaf.

The slide down did not help his situation. He reached the end and crossed his legs for a moment before entering the icy castle. In what must have been the living room, he met a cute yeti named Yeta who seemed rather ill. In the kitchen was the yeti from earlier, Yeto, who was making soup for his sick wife. After telling the couple what he was looking for, Link kindly asked for the Mirror Shard that they had found and they kindly agreed; ever since they had found the mirror Yeta had been sick.

After receiving directions from Yeta, Yeto informed Link that there had been monsters in their home as of late and that Link should have some of the nutritious soup he had made. Link, with slight hesitation, took him up on the offer.

As he made his way through the Snowpeak Ruins, he was rather grateful he had taken two bottles of soup. The White Wolfos were difficult and the Chilfos were fast, taking a little over six hearts. There were Freezards everywhere, taking hearts a quarter at a time.

By the time he reached the mark on his map, he was feeling rather…. sloshy. He opened the chest, thinking he was lucky for having such an easy time getting the first piece… only to find an Ordon Pumpkin.

“You’ve gotta be kidding me,” he muttered. He leaned forward to put his hands on his knees and sighed heavily. He was feeling the pressure in his bladder grow more and more intense every minute.

Upon getting back to the yeti couple, Yeta apologized and told him a different location to search for the key. Link then entered the kitchen, thinking Yeto would want the Ordon Pumpkin. As he approached Yeto, the yeti surprised him with a shout.

“PUMPKIN!” Yeto turned to Link, “ You have pumpkin, uh?” With that, Yeto shoved Link with full force. Link gasped and grabbed his member through his pants as an involuntary spurt dampened his underwear. He stood up as quickly as possible to keep anyone from noticing, but a certain someone had seen the whole thing from his shadow.

“Geez,” Link laughed nervously, “You could’ve just asked.”

“Pumpkin, pumpkin, uh!” Yeto stated, not noticing Link at all before suddenly turning to him, “Thanks, uh! You taste if you want!”

The last thing Link wanted right then was more soup to fill his aching bladder, but he reluctantly took some more anyway. He’d much rather endure the painful urge to go than get himself killed. On Link’s way to the next mark on his map, Midna decided to speak up.

“Hey. What’s going on with you? You’re acting weirder than usual.”

“I know Midna. I’m trying.” Link was stepping back and forth as he loaded a cannon. Midna giggled. “Midna, please don’t.”

“Don’t what? I was just thinking about how nice Lake Hylia is. And that waterfall at Zora’s Domain. It’s nice to think about the recent past sometimes.” Midna giggled again.

“Midna…” Link whined, “Please, please, don’t talk about that right now.”

“Why not?” Mina asked as innocently as possible, trying to get him to tell her what she already knew.

“I… I have to…” Link shook his head and went into the next room.

“Have to…?” Midna tried getting him to continue.

At the end of the short hallway, bars covered the door. Link groaned and grabbed himself as another spurt escaped. He turned just in time to watch while a Ball and Chain decimated the statue behind him. Link forced his hands to let go of himself and to take his sword and shield. He saw the exposed tail of the attacking creature and knew what he had to do. And he didn’t want to.

He gave himself a quick rub before performing a back slice on Darkhammer. The movement jolted his bladder so much… He felt a small stream of urine trickle down his leg before he was able to stop it with a tight squeeze of his penis. He put his shield away and did two more back slices while he had a firm grip on himself. He then picked up the Ball and Chain to use later.

He shortly contemplated using the Good Soup as his grip had actually lost him some hearts, but quickly decided against it. He slowly let go of himself and moved to the next room. He hesitantly used the Ball and Chain to break a wall of ice, and cringed as another spurt escaped his bursting bladder. He begged for this mark on the map to be it, but as he opened the chest, he saw its contents and cursed. It was Ordon goat cheese.

Midna was rather startled by his curse, for he rarely showed that kind of anger. She felt a pang of guilt about teasing him before. She had no clue that it was getting that bad. Link just leaned against a wall and held himself fiercely. Midna felt even worse as she watched as tears started welling up in his eyes, but she also felt… something else.

“Don’t give up, Link. I know you can do it.” Link just shook his head, “Yes you can.”

Tears spilled over his cheeks as a strong wave of desperation hit him, causing him to leak for a few seconds before he was physically able to stop himself. “I… I don’t think I can… It hurts…” He gasped as yet another spurt came out. He desperately crossed his legs, trying to prolong the inevitable. Midna came out of Link’s shadow and at the right angle, she was able to see the massive bulge that was Link’s bursting bladder. She ignored Link’s begging look as she pressed her hand lightly against his bulge. She felt his bladder give a little spasm at her touch, and she heard Link give a hiss of desperation as he tried to prevent another large spurt.

“Midna, please…” Link was shaking now, holding it as much as he could.

Midna handed him one of the bottles of Good Soup with a questioning look.

A large spurt escaped as he looked at it. “Midna, I can’t!”

“Drink it, Link! Then can’t you use the bottle?”

Link knew she was right, but he didn’t think he could drink it without-

“Link!”

Link grabbed the bottle and began drinking the soup as fast as he could. As he had downed half of it, another wave of desperation hit, and he felt as a forceful jet of urine shot into his pants, almost causing him to choke on the soup. He dropped the bottle as both hands went for his penis. Midna caught the bottle before it broke on the stone floor. Link was breathing hard.

Midna held out the bottle for him to take again. Another jet of urine lasted for even longer than the first.

“N-no!”

Midna dumped the rest of the soup out of the bottle and thrust it at Link. As he grabbed the empty bottle, his bladder gave a strong spasm, letting a long stream of urine down his legs. “No! I- I can’t… stop!” He whipped himself out of his pants and into the bottle. He let out a long moan as the bottle filled up. “Oh, no…” he moaned as the bottle began to overflow, but Link could do nothing about it as the warm golden liquid spilled onto the stone floor. Midna watched as Link’s bladder bulge slowly deflated.

Still shaking, hands covered in his own piss, Link panted with relief as his bladder fully emptied and put the bottle on the floor. He took a few steps to the side and slid into a lazed sitting position as he panted. The euphoria of his emptied bladder filled him with a pleasure that he couldn’t describe.

Midna felt that same pleasure having seen him in that state, a pleasure unlike anything she’d ever experienced. And she kinda wanted it to happen again.

Here is shadow66

's fanfic. It's a favorite of mine, and inspired me to try and write my own.

$iframe data-embedcontent="" frameborder="0" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/14985-the-legend-of-zelda-links-desperation/?do=embed"

