OMOVEMBER Day 5- Ava get's tied up and pees herself 3 times

Author: Animepee1234

*000*2024-11-06 00:44

Omovember day 5- Tied up

Ava was in college, she was Japanese, A-cup, short, she was wearing a skirt, pink panties, and a red tank top, she woke up on the floor, her hands were tied behind her back, and her feet were taped together, and there was one huge problem she needed to pee. She rubbed her legs together “Mmm ~ hello is anyone there” she said.

Just then the door opened, and she saw a boy walk in, it was one of her classmates, he walked in and set up a camera. She looked over at him and shouted!

“HEY WHAT YOU DOING LET ME GO” she yelled, still rubbing her legs together

He just looked over and smirked, he pressed a button on the camera and it began flashing red, he then got up and left the room.

“WAIT WHERE ARE YOU GOING!” she screamed as the door shut. She sat there rubbing her legs, trying her best to hold her pee

“MMMM~” she moaned as she hoped to her knees “fuck I gotta pee” she said, she attempted to hop onto her feet but fell over, she got to her knees and used the heel of her foot to push against her pussy to give some relief of the desperation she faced.

She began jiggling up and down, side to slide,

The door opened again, the boy walked in put a chair down behind the camera, and sat there

Ava desperately jiggled and spoke in a pleading voice “Hey please untie me I really need to pee” She bent over and waited for a reply he just stared smiling

“HEY COME ON PLEASE! STOP BEING A PERVERT” she screamed she then felt a small spurt of pee escape “AHHH~” she moaned

“Please let me go i-i’m about to pee myself” she desperately said

The boy sat up and walked over, Ava thought she was saved from the humiliation of peeing herself, but he walked over knelt down, and pushed on Ava’s bladder. Immediately she bent over and squeezed her legs

“AHHH~ Stop~~” she begged, jiggling back and forth on her heel, the boy then pushed Ava’s side and she jumped “Ahh~” a spurt of pee escaped again, lost her balance and fell over now lying on the ground.

“Please I have to pee you pervert” she pleaded, the boy then pulled up Ava’s skirt a bit giving a perfect pantie shot, now the boy could see a visible damp patch around Ava’s crotch

“stop !” she yelled, she squeezed her legs more as another wave of desperation hit, she began shaking trying with all her might not to p[iss herself. Then the boy grabbed one of her knees and spread it away from her other leg

“No no no stop i-im gonna- mmmmm~” she was cut off as pee shot on making the wet patch bigger, she managed to cut off the flow. She shook as she tried to hold it in despite having her legs spread, another spurt escaped “PLEASE~” she moaned

The boy let go and stepped back, Ava then rubbed her legs together again to try and get some relief but another spurt escaped, and pee started to drip down Ava's leg

“AHH please let me go, I need to pee!” She jiggled and shook as a loud hsss sound echoed

“Nononono not yet” She squeezed her legs together as best she could but it was no use, as the wet patch on her panties grew pee began gushing out of her overflowing panties

“AHHH DONT LOOK~~” she moaned, pee began trickling down her leg and onto her skirt making another growing wet patch on her skirt as a puddle formed around her

“Aahhhhh~” she cried as her skirt became drenched. Tears formed and rolled down her cheeks that were now burning red, as the pee finally stopped flowing she let out soft cries, “You happy perv!” she said in an angry tone. The boy got up and walked over to Ava, he bent down and grabbed hold of her skirt.

“WHAT NOW” she said, and the boy began undoing her skirt. “NO STOP” Ava said jiggling back and forth, but the boy managed to pull her skirt off, her once pink panties were now soaked, he showed the camera the skirt which was still dripping with mee, he then zoomed the camera in, he then walked back over to Ava and began running his finger back and forth across her pussy.

“AHHH~ -s-st-stop” she moaned as she shook, the boy began going faster and faster, she tried squeezing his hand by bringing her legs together, but that didn't stop him he went faster and faster, and Ava shook.

“Stop n-no- I’m g-gonna”: she shook as a new wet patch began to form she tried to shuffle away but the boy just held her down

“~stoppp i’;m gonna pee again~” she said, trying her best not to bust but it was no use “Ahhh~ she cried as pee burst out now flooding and completely ruining her panties, and making the puddle below her grow, she cried again as pee flooded down her legs and the puddle went around her now starting to soak her tank top, as the last drips released, she shook again crying, the boy then pulled Ava making her whole body go through the puddle, he then stood her up and tied her to a post, he positioned the camera at her.

What was in view now was Ava standing in her drenched panties, and her soaked tank top, the boy walked to her.

“WHAT NOW” she said, the boy walked over and grabbed her panties, and she shook back and forth, “NO NO STOP YOU”VE DONE ENOUGH~” she cried, the boy pulled the panties off and showed them to the camera, the panties were dripping wet, Ava now stood there bottomless, her lower body still wet from her accident, and her top which was now soaked with pee from being pulled through the puddle.

The boy walked over and grabbed Ava’s tanktop and began pulling it over her head she shook back and forth trying to stop him, he pulled it off now she was standing in only her bra which was also just wet enough for it to be see-through, he then yanked her bra off “AHHHH~” she moaned, she began softly crying again as she stood there naked

“Why~~” she cried but the boy wasn’t over he walked over and began fingering her again

“AHH~~~STOP~~” Ava moaned she tried crossing her shaking legs but couldn’t

“I-im gonna pee for a- a third-time s-ssss-sstop~” she pleaded, the boy kept going, faster and faster, deeper and deeper and then Ava shook again as pee burst out like a geyser

“AHHHHH” she cried pee flowing down her legs and making another puddle

She cried more, her face not red, as the last few drop hit the floor she looked at the boy, and chocked on tears

“Please… why… why didn’t you let me go” she said as the boy stopped the recording

