All I want for Christmas

Author: alfeiro

*000*2024-01-25 10:39

It's only been a month since Christmas. Here's a story as a kind reminder that it was just a short time ago.

All I want for Christmas

I made my way to the last line of the police cordon, where there was a crowd of people wanting to get to the New Royal Square. My champagne was thoughtfully poured into a plastic soda bottle. The police closely searched almost everyone. In response, they sometimes received Merry Christmas greetings, but it was so naive, of course they didn’t care. They were brought here from all the outskirts of the country so that the capital’s police personnel could now open champagne at home, with their family or drunken friends. The poor guys were freezing and hesitantly asked each other about the regulations and permitted items. In general, they were not so evil, after all, it was a holiday.

In front of me, the guy and the girl were let through, despite the fact that the bottle of champagne was right in his hands. They only showed the contents of her bag. I wondered why I bothered with a plastic bottle? They seem to be only interested in firecrackers or so. I was a little upset. I think on the event website it was written that champagne was not allowed. Okay, I thought. Still, it’s better to be safe than to be sent back because of some bottle of champagne.

On the square I felt the very frost that the weather forecasters had promised. I hardly noticed him in the crowd in front of the barrier. A 22C below zero, and a nasty breeze. I looked into my plastic bag. The champagne has already begun to freeze. I pulled out the bottle and hid it under my warm leather fur coat. There are only twenty minutes until midnight, now it won’t freeze, I thought.

People began to arrive more actively. Soon areas appeared in the square where it was already crowded. Not in too much of a hurry, I found a more or less free place. I dodged the wind, trying to stay behind the groups of cheerful fellow citizens.

Suddenly a firecracker exploded next to me, and I jumped in surprise. The bottle shook in my bosom and began to hiss like a beast. I quickly pulled it out and tightened the plug. Yes, really, why was all this fuss with control at the entrance necessary, anyway, those who wanted to, brought in everything they wanted. Soon another firecracker burst a little further away. Moment X was approaching, five minutes left. There was no longer any point in hiding and warming the champagne. I began to remember three wishes that I need to tell myself when the bells start ringing, so that I can wash them down with champagne.

Bang! Bang! Bang! The firecrackers burst one after another, the people perked up and took out bottles and plastic cups. The bell on the nearest chapel sounded its first stroke.

" Merry Christmas ! Merry Christmas ! Wo - o - o - o - w ! ", voices were heard throughout the square. I also screamed loudly without being embarrassed. Joyful faces, drunk and not so drunk, buzzed around in different voices. People grouped themselves in small round dances and handed each other plastic cups, silently clinking: “ Chin - chin !” Chin - chin ! " Some people decided to do larger round dances and move in a circle. I decided that it was time to show respect for traditions and carefully began to turn the lid.

And then I saw her.

She seemed to appear out of nowhere, probably standing behind the neighboring company.

Seeing that I was alone and I had something to drink, she walked straight towards me, smiling, shouting " Merry" Christmas !" and held out an empty plastic cup. I thought that she had confused me with someone. But the general euphoria had already captured me, and I decided to play along with her. I quickly opened my bottle.

“ Pshhhhhhhhhhhh !”, the sweet sparkles burst high into the air, the cork flew away and was lost. The sticky liquid mostly stayed on me, but she got a little bit too.

She laughed. “Pour it quickly! If there’s still left.” I filled her glass and looked at the bottle with a sad face. There's less than half left.

“And you!”, I quickly took out my glass and filled it. Of course I forgot about my Christmas ritual with wishes. My attention was focused on her.

“Are you alone here?” she asked.

“Yes!”, I answered over the noise of the crowd, firecrackers and the ringing of clocks. "I support the local tradition."

“Are you a local yourself?”

"Nope. And you?"

“Me neither. I came for two weeks. To visit a friend and her parents.”

"The name of?"

"Who, girlfriend?"

I chuckled. And she’s something special, with humor.

"You, of course."

"Kirsten. And you?"

"I'm Tom. So, raise it up for lucky meeting?" and I poured her half of what was left, and the rest for myself.

“Nope, let’s do it for our cherished desires!” she shouted, “While the bell is still ringing.”

"Come on!". I couldn't take my eyes off her. When she made her wish, for some reason I decided that I could guess it, and forgot about mine. In the end I remembered and whispered my wish, but drank to it only later, when the clock fell silent.

By the way, my wish did come true that year, but that’s a completely different story.

“Well, I wish your wish comes true!” I told her.

"And the same for you!"

“Why are you here without her? I mean a friend.”

“Well, she’s no longer interested here. She invited me to a family dinner, but... I decided that I had to come here, at least once. I don’t regret it.”

“Do you come often?” I asked,

"Only on holidays. Sometimes."

"I see a busy woman, huh?"

“I’m studying in my town, at the conservatory, my last year. I play the cello.”

"Ah, so you're a musician! You belong here in the capital. Isn't it?"

" Yeah! Amousitian! The city is mine, that 's right !", and she laughed heartily. Good joke, I laughed too. Damn, she’s so awesome!

“I don’t know about moving,” she added seriously, “Will see. That wasn’t my biggest wish for Christmas.”

“So about what?” I asked unceremoniously.

"Well... that's what the hell I didn’t tell you." She smiled mysteriously.

Her smile was lovely. Her cheeks and nose, red from the frost, made her look like the granddaughter of Julemanden. And not only this. I took a closer look at her. She was wearing a warm fur coat, but it was quite short, above her knees. And white tights. Probably warm, but who will guess them, these girls. Some of them are ready to freeze something off for the sake of beauty.

“Are you working part-time as the granddaughter of … mmm?” I decided to slightly offend her.

“What, do you like my outfit? Nope, I’m exactly his granddaughter! Look, just don’t get too carried away!”

“What will happen? Will grandfather save the gifts for next year?”

She laughed: “Yes, maybe!”

“I was learning to play the synthesizer,” I said to keep the topic.

To tell the truth, it was a long time ago, and it’s unlikely that I could play anything more complex than “ jingle” bells "with one hand. But I didn’t lose interest in music. I collected rare records on vinyl. But my collection was collecting dust in my small rented apartment on the outskirts. And among my local friends, no one was interested in it.

We walked slowly along the perimeter of the square. We stopped a couple of times to try mulled wine. And then a cup of hot coffee. We chatted about various little things. It turned out that we were from different places and had never even visited each other’s. Kirsten turned out to be not only humorous, but also quite nimble. For example, she knew that a champagne can be bought right on the square and even knew where. What a surprise! I might as well not have brought it with me at all. She disappeared from sight, and then I saw her leaving the festive tent with a bottle in her hands.

“Open it!”, she handed me a real Italian Asti .

"Wow! Good taste!" I took the bottle and began to carefully open it, trying not to repeat my embarrassment. The cork came out with a quiet whisper, and light smoke flew out of the neck.

“You are a master!” she praised, “By the way, where are your cups?”

“I threw it away with the bag,” I admitted. A small embarrassment did happen. Yes, sometimes I can’t do without embarrassment.

I gave her the bottle and went into the same tent. A minute later the cups were in my hands.

“Well, Chin - Chin ! Bless an art!” I exclaimed.

“ Chin - Chin !”, she responded.

We walked around the entire square in a circle. Snowflakes were already sparkling on our faces, and thick white steam was coming out of our mouths.

We continued chatting and finished her bottle pretty quickly. I didn't notice where we were going, I just walked next to her. I didn't really want to tell her bye - bye . I looked around and noticed that she had quickened her pace slightly, and we were walking towards the nearest metro entrance.

“Are you in a hurry to see your friend?” I asked, as if casually, “Can I accompany you?”

“Well, walk me if you want.” And she took my hand. Her hand was cold and clenched tightly in my palm. I put my hand on top of hers and tried to warm it up.

The champagne and bitter cold made me feel like I gotta find a toilet stall. This desire suddenly intensified rapidly. With every ten steps I felt the pressure from my jeans and it became harder and harder. Although the metro was very close, and it took half an hour to get home, I wondered if an even more serious embarrassment awaited me.

And here it goes, very helpful! We turned into an alley where mobile toilet stalls stood in a row, about twenty of them.

Kirsten walked quickly past them, and I thought that if I stopped and asked them to wait for me, it would just mean bye - bye .

The stalls floated past, and I felt a sharp chill on my legs. And I had a thought I couldn't stand it.

“Wait for me? In the station lobby. Just a minute,” and I nodded towards the stalls.

“They are all closed, don’t you see?”, she turned her red face to me and laughed. “Tell me, was the champagne very tasty?”

“That’s a fact,” I answered thoughtfully, looking sadly at the slalls. Indeed, not a single passer-by even tried to go there.

“They are closed, this was stated in the description of the event on the city’s website. They worked only until midnight. So then everyone could quickly go home!”, and she laughed again and quickened her pace even more.

“Okay, then let’s go home,” I said dreamily, “I should get warm already. Mulled wine and English pie are waiting for me at home. And my favorite records.”

“What kind of records? Real ones? Vinyl?” she asked unexpectedly.

“Yes, the real ones,” I answered without hiding my excitement. I told her some of them. It looks like she's interested. Or she pretended to. However, it didn't mean anything.

“Where are you going?” I asked when we entered the station.

“I’m on yellow, south,” she said.

“Well then, let's go!” I directed her to the right steps down.

We're on my way to the subway, what a coincidence, I thought. Maybe this is not an accident? Maybe she really is the granddaughter of Juelmanden? You may laugh now, but that's what I really thought.

While we were going down the escalator, my bladder moved to the next stage, it became tight and began to quietly ache. I tried to mentally prepare him for a long wait.

I was worried that perhaps I had decided to accompany her in vain. But at the same time, I didn’t want to give up this idea.

We stood on the platform, I was already constrained and silent. I wanted to continue carefree conversations with her, but my brain refused to think about abstract topics. When the train appeared, I tensed up and headed towards the edge of the platform.

“Are you done, bye - bye ?”, she asked in surprise.

“No, I’ll accompany you. Let’s go and take a seat.”

“This is a Green Line train!”, she smiled, “You are so absent-minded!”

"Really green? I didn't pay attention."

“It's because of the champagne, right?” she laughed again. I was confused. What did she mean this time?

When that train left, her face suddenly became so pitiful. She hugged herself with her arms and looked around. Then she noticed that I was looking at her.

"I was a little cold, to be honest," she explained. “I hope it will be warmer on the train.”

Finally, we entered the carriage and successfully occupied two adjacent seats. At the next station the carriage was almost completely filled with people.

“Which station are you going to?” I asked carefully.

"I don't remember the name. But I recognize it, I'll tell you."

While the carriage was moving, we hardly spoke. It was so noisy we could barely hear each other. She pressed her knees together and leaned her shoulder against me. I leaned towards her and sometimes touched her with my warm cheek.

On "Clay Moat Park" I decided I had nothing to lose by asking directly.

"Maybe come to my place now? Christmas isn't over yet."

“Is it far?” she asked.

I expected any answer, but not this one. I got excited.

"Nah, very close. On the same line. That's where the National Aquarium ," I replied.

She nodded in understanding. Perhaps she didn’t understand how many stops ahead, but she didn’t ask a second time. Her face became pitiful again. She put one hand between her legs.

“I’ll think about it,” she said cautiously. She was definitely messing up my plans.

As the train started moving, I felt my bladder enter the next phase. Sharp shocks began to shoot from the inside along the walls and be reflected in the kidneys. Not often, only a few times a minute. But the problem was that I didn't know what would happen next. I didn’t remember such a state at all; this happened to me for the first time.

I turned to Kirsten. She sat frowning. Our train fluttered out of the tunnel to the open air, and fresh frosty breath quickly filled the carriage. She winced, looked around and suddenly stood up.

"This is my station. Sorry, but I have to run. Bye - bye , Tom. Thanks for keeping me company this Christmas." She quickly pecked me on the cheek and waved her hand.

“But...” I didn’t have time to answer. She quickly got out of the carriage and turned right. After walking a few steps, she raised her head, turned around and walked in the other direction.

At that moment I felt a new pain shock. I needed to pee, somewhere, no matter where, immediately. I barely had time to run out onto the platform, and the doors closed right behind me.

Kirsten was already quickly walking up the stairs, almost running. I hurried after her.

“What are you doing?” protested the rational half of my brain. “Leave her alone! In this state, you won’t walk even a hundred steps. It could be another kilometer to her house. You’ll wet your pants, that’s the best case scenario. Or maybe you’ll burst your bladder.”

But the other half of the brain, less intelligent, timidly whispered: “Christmas and Kirsten, Kirsten and Christmas... Will all this just pass by, like a random dream?”

Suddenly I thought, maybe she just needed to go to the toilet, like me. Then I’ll invite her to meet in half an hour, and I’ll go and piss somewhere in the bushes. And then we will spend this wonderful night together. Why not. Need to try!

I found her near the subway exit, next to the crosswalk.

“Kirsten!” I called. But the wind and the noise of cars drowned out my words.

She stood and waited for the moment to cross into the crowd with other passengers. She didn’t even stand, but continuously spun in place and fanned herself with her hands. It was so cold and windy that some people looked at her and started doing the same.

I moved closer, trying not to pay attention to the sharp pricks from inside my stomach.

“Oh! You again? Are you stalking me?” she asked without a smile.

“No, no! But I’m seeing you off,” I joked in response, “I’m worried that you won’t freeze.”

“You’re so kind, thank you,” she replied, “Don’t be offended that I ran away. I remembered that I didn’t warn my friend, her parents might start to worry.”

“I understand, and that’s right,” I answered, “Perhaps you can go to them and we’ll meet here? In half an hour.”

“Mmmm! You don’t seem to be stalking me. But you are definitely stalking me,” this time she sparkled with her eyes and smiled. “Okay, okay. Just don’t follow me any further, okay? Wait right here.” She glanced at her watch. "Exactly at two in the morning. Don't be late."

Without finishing the sentence, she turned and began to cross the road, almost running. In the middle of the road she slipped and flapped her arms like a seagull. She did not fall and quickly moved on.

I was inspired by her promise, but still I followed her. She quickly moved away from me, and then suddenly turned right into the courtyards of yellow brick houses. I just noticed that some company was entering the entrance. But she was nowhere to be found. Maybe she came in before them.

And then my bladder responded to my inaction. The first drop escaped into my panties. I suddenly thought how great it was that I didn’t accompany her. Nothing could have been better! If she had not run away, I would have wet my pants right in front of her, and then there would have been nothing left of this meeting, not even good memories.

I looked back. I need to find a secluded place. But where should I go? This is a completely unfamiliar area. And also this frost... I have very little time. Firecrackers thundered in the courtyards, round dances twirled, even the voices of children rang.

Desperate and a little scared, I looked for a deserted place and could not find it. A few more houses were left behind, and finally I discovered a deserted courtyard. Apparently everyone here has already used their firecrackers. What luck, there was even a dark corner where there were no lanterns shining at all.

I almost ran there, undoing the frozen zipper of my jeans as I went, almost breaking it. Even in the absence of streetlights, the pure white snow cover dispersed the darkness. I stood between the wall of the house and a thick tree. A couple more drops escaped into my panties, and finally... I'm free! Wow! Don't believe it is happened! Merry Christmas, my poor aching bladder!

I tried to water on the wall of the house, and not in the snow, so that they wouldn’t accidentally hear me from the window. To tell the truth, I didn’t feel comfortable doing this here, in someone else’s yard, at the risk of being discovered at any moment. But I talked myself into continuing so that my problem wouldn't come back too soon. In such cold weather it could easily have happened.

A sudden noise around the corner added urgency to my situation. Some company passed not far from me and headed to the next yard. I had to interrupt this pleasure for a while and even hide my hose in my pants.

Finally, I finished with it, looked back carefully and walked back. Suddenly, right around the corner, a police car slowly drove out and, flashing with blue lights like it’s ho-ho-ho-holiday lights, drove past me.

“Yes, very timely!”, I thought, “Indeed, the holiday took place.” My mood rose higher and higher, I even wanted more champagne. Sorry, but the time to buy has passed by.

I remembered Kirsten and wondered where I would wait for her. Standing for almost a quarter of an hour at a crosswalk? So-so idea. Not a single supermarket is open. There is probably a fan heater at the metro station, gotta get there as soon as possible.

Jumping and squeezing my frozen toes, I hurried back and suddenly... I saw Kirsten. She was leaving the same yard where she had recently disappeared. She walked about fifty steps ahead of me, but was in no hurry and did not dance as she walked. Why is she coming back so early? Maybe it's not her?

I was still quite far away, and I noticed how she crossed the street and stepped aside. She leaned against a large tree and began adjusting her tights. She did this for quite a long time, all the time while I was approaching her. I stopped on the other side of the crosswalk and tried to understand why she was looking around and shyly moving her hands under the hem of her short fur coat.

And then she raised her head and the bright light of the lantern illuminated her face. Yes, it was her, but... joyless and tearful. I became confused. All the words I had prepared for her lost their meaning. Perhaps while she was with a friend, some news upset her, probably something personal. It is doubtful that she will share this news with me, and even if she does, it is unlikely that I will be able to help.

She looked towards the entrance to the subway, wiped away her tears and headed there. I decided that I would still go up to her and just ask, “Kirsten, what happened?” Damn it, I even know her name, why do I doubt it!?.

I ran across the street and headed towards the station. While I was running downstairs , I noticed her on the platform, near the first column. She took off her boots and put them on again, first one, then the other. As she straightened up and raised her head, I noticed that new tears were running down her cheeks. She turned and walked on.

A train appeared on the platform towards my station. Everything around came to life. Some were getting off the train, others were hurrying inside. Kirsten continued to move away from me along the platform.

I decided that I would not get on this train. Quickening my pace, I approached her. I looked at her slender legs in snow-white tights. They are no longer snow-white, however. Darkened stripes and spots were clearly visible. A fluff of fresh frost even formed over her cute boots; it quickly melted and flowed inside in tiny droplets. Despite my frozen nose, I caught a distinct and unambiguous smell.

She didn't see me. Or pretended not to see. But she would not wait for me here, that was absolutely obvious.

I'm confused. Is it worth approaching her? Will she be glad that I reminded her of myself again? What if she considers me guilty of stopping her on the street? Even if it was just for a little while. And because of that, she didn't make it in time.

I suddenly slowed down. And immediately - Boom! - some hasty drunk ran into me from behind. He cheerfully shouted to me something like, “Don’t sleep! So you won’t be frozen!” and jumped into the carriage.

For a moment I lost sight of Kirsten. When I looked in her direction again, I saw the train doors closing behind her. In surprise, I froze with my mouth open. My train was leaving with her. Everything became clear to me. She deceived me. This was not her station.

###

When I burst into my small apartment, I had to undo the zipper of my jeans again as I walked. Ohh ! This frost and this champagne! What have they done to my Christmas! When I went into the toilet, I barely had time to lift the lid.

Then, after a hot shower, sitting with a glass of mulled wine in front of boring TV , I thought about her. Of course, who else could I think of then?

I replayed every minute of that evening in my memory. At first I was angry with frustration that this evening could have been completely different. After the third glass, both anger and frustration disappeared. I might not have met her at all. I was simply grateful to fate for this strange and extraordinary evening.

I put the minion with the "Back to the U.S.A." blues on the vinyl player and listened to it from start to finish several times.

I imagined, what if she didn’t decide to run away and came to me? Which of us would run to the toilet first? Remembering my condition, I wondered if I would not have given in to her? Or would I dare to ask her to give in to me? Or would I suggest that we go to the shower together instead of the toilet? Quite a bold proposal for a first meeting. No, she wouldn't agree. It would have been too revealing for her.

Then I threw away my stupid fantasies, I tried to remember the real her, her wish for Christmas, her sweet face and sincere laugh.

Then I couldn’t sleep for a long time.

Still, what station was really her? Maybe mine?

She did a very smart thing by running away from me on the subway. Was she really only saving herself from shame? Or maybe me first?

The famous song about what someone wants for Christmas came to my ears from one neighbors, then from others.

And I remembered why I went to this event in the first place. Then I just wanted a holiday. Just that kind of mood. Then I wanted champagne. Then more champagne, this time with Kirsten. Then I wanted her herself, maybe without champagne. Who knows what she wanted then, maybe the same thing. Ho-ho-ho, how funny and sad it is now.

And in the end, what did we both want more than anything in the world this Christmas? To be honest...

