Sharing My Secret

Author: asudevil

*000*2020-10-12 04:26

Note: this is my fantasy of how I hope things go if I tell my boyfriend about this fetish.

Warning -- includes sexual content.

Oh, hello reader. I'm so glad you could join me. Let me tell you the story of how I introduced my boyfriend to this little fetish you and I share. For the sake of this story, we're going to name him Freddie.

Now, Freddie and I have been dating for nearly a year. For the past several months, due to Covid, I've been living with my grandmother and he's been living with his mom, which, as you can imagine, does not leave us with much alone time. If any. Fortunately, we're both starting jobs and we're moving into an apartment together and I've finally convinced myself to have the talk with him. You know the one. No, no, silly. Not the birds and the bees, that would be weird. The talk where I tell him all about my love for wetting. That talk. And you're going to be there every step of the way.

I texted him this morning and told him not to make any plans tonight. I know his schedule and he's typically free on Saturday nights -- luckily, I was correct. Date night is on the books! He keeps asking me questions about what we're doing, but I refuse to answer. I can be stubborn in that way.

I'm on my way to pick him up. The back seat of my Subaru is down and I've made a bed out of it. I'd estimate there are between 6-8 blankets and 6 pillows and I'm very proud of how comfortable it is. I just picked up a veggie pizza, two mango white claws, water, and a bag of salt and vinegar chips (our favorite) and I can feel the nerves start to flutter around in my stomach. Since I'm sure you want to know, I'm wearing black Lululemon leggings and a dark gray long sleeve that I reverse tie-dyed so it's perfect for this spooky season. I don't even own a real bra any more, so I am wearing a white sports bra (itty bitty titty committee over here, but my booty makes up for it!).

I just put a blindfold on him and walked him to my car. I don't want him to see the backseat and guess what we're doing! He keeps asking why my car smells like olives. I think he knows I have pizza for him ... or at the very least, he hopes it's pizza.

I told him to take his blindfold off and he seems to be very excited about the date. He's never been to the drive-in movies before. I'm parking in the back corner, far from any of the handful of other cars. He just posted a boomerang of me, the car bed, and the pizza on his story -- god, I love him. Our shoes are off and we're settled on top of the blankets (it's still pretty damn hot in AZ right now) and he's diving into his pizza while we wait for the movie to start. I bought tickets for the 2018 Halloween and it's a double feature with the Nun or something terrifying right after.

Now my nerves are really buzzing. I'm starting to think this conversation isn't a good idea. What if he's disgusted and breaks up with me? This could be the worst decision I've ever made, but I can't go the rest of my life without telling him. And it'll just get harder the longer it goes on for. Okay brain, thanks for the pep talk. Let's do this.

We're about thirty minutes into the movie now. Do I have to pee or am I just nervous? Probably both. The food has been put away and he's laying on his back. My head is on his chest.

Me: "I want to tell you something."

Freddie: "Okay ... let's hear it."

Me: "Remember when we talked about our fetishes and we both said that we don't have any?"

Freddie: "Yeah, why? What's up?"

Me: "I lied."

Freddie: "Why would you lie about that?"

Me: "Because we had just started talking and I was embarrassed. I still am embarrassed."

Freddie: "Babe, you know I love you. I told you I'm down to try anything with you. We're going to be together a long time and our sex is going to get boring at some point. We're going to want to try new things. You have no reason to be embarrassed. Tell me! I'm curious now."

I take a deep breath.

Me: "I like pee."

I'm afraid to look at him. He hasn't said anything, so of course I'm going to keep talking.

Me: "I mean, I don't like to drink it or be peed on necessarily, but ... it really turns me on when I kind of wet myself and sometimes I do it on purpose when I'm masturbating. Like, I don't have any interest in it being anywhere near my face, but sometimes I think about you wetting yourself and it's really hot and--"

Freddie: "Babe. Hey, calm down. I'm processing this. I can't believe you haven't told me before."

Me: "I was scared. I'm not asking you to do anything, I just didn't want to hide it from you and--"

Freddie: "I want to try it."

Me: "What?"

Freddie: "I said ... I want to try it. If it turns you on, it turns me on."

Oh my god. Did my lovely reader hear what he just said? He wants to indulge me. Oh my lanta, this is an actual dream come true. I mean, seriously, I've dreamt about this happening.

We're kissing now. I love his mouth on mine. I roll over so I'm straddling his hips and I realize how hard he is. I groan softly and grind against him, my hands on either side of his head to support my body.

Freddie: "Do you want to try it now? I don't want to ruin your car ..."

I take another deep breath and lean back to study him. He looks so genuine. So ... turned on. I nod cautiously and we're kissing again. I've never been one to have a shy bladder, but I'm thinking too much and my body refuses to accept that I'm supposed to let go while I'm on top of my boyfriend. My lips are starting to feel raw and I think it's in this momentary distraction that I feel it -- a spurt. I gasp and it's followed by a second, then a third, before I instinctively freeze and squeeze my pelvic floor musculature. I realize my head is against his chest and I can feel his heart beating and then he moans softly and I can feel him flex his bulge against me.

Oh my god. My panties are wet (soaked, actually, and not just from pee) and my inner thighs feel moist and warm. I'm blushing hard, but unable to prevent myself from rubbing against his damp sweatpants. His moan is all the encouragement I need. I'm relaxed now and I'm kissing and sucking on his neck as a steady trickle soaks through my leggings, tickling my inner thighs and pooling where our hips meet before it overflows and saturates the blankets around my knees and his bum. He's squirming beneath me, his hands firmly grasping my hips to keep me connected to him. I have never been this turned on.

My bladder empties all too soon and my flow stops. We're both breathing hard, rubbing against each other, our wet clothes sticking to our skin. I feel Freddie shift beneath me and then I'm on my back. I'll have to ask him later how he did that in such a cramped space. The saturated blankets quickly soak the seat of my pants and my shirt across my low back. I hear myself whimper and I place a hand between my legs to rub myself. I watch him as he looks around to ensure our privacy has been maintained, then he closes the rear gate of the car and looks down at me with lust in his eyes.

As he kneels between my bent knees, I notice that his light gray sweatpants are dark across the waistband and halfway down his thighs, then my eyes focus on where his head is straining against the fabric. He grunts with slight effort and ... an unexpected orgasm rips through my body, causing my toes to curl and my back to arch off the blanket. "Fucking hell," I cry out, unable to look away as piss cascades through his sweatpants in a quick succession of spurts, pitter-pattering on the blankets between my legs. I lift myself up, place my hands on his bum, and pull him on top of me. He continues wetting and I'm rubbing him, bucking my hips in pure desperation, my legs trembling. His stream stops, but my hand doesn't, and he moans something along the lines of 'oh, god' as we both orgasm into our wet pants.

FINISH

Thank you for reading feedback is appreciated. I think I bounced between tenses quite a bit, I always struggle with that.

I also didn't edit the last two paragraphs because ... well, I was a little distracted.

*003*2020-10-15 00:05

{{On 10/12/2020 at 6:56 AM, ifeelgood said:

I really really liked it!

Thank you so much for sharing!

}}

Thank you, I'm glad you enjoyed it! (:

{{On 10/13/2020 at 12:57 PM, hubertheiser said:

A well written and exciting story, thank you for sharing it!

}}

Thank you, I appreciate that!!

