Ball wins again

Author: Alex62

*000*2020-06-03 14:57

Ball wins again

Jadian was laying on his bed listening to music. The 18 year old senior was thinking about his last accident, he had months earlier and how he couldn’t believe it actually happened, but it did; an 18 year old senior in high school peed his pants.

He pushed away that thought as he had to focus on yet another sports game tonight. This time it was basketball. Jadian looked at the time on his phone and saw it was 5:23, an hour and 40 minutes till game time. Knowing he had plenty of time, Jadian just turned up his music and closed his eyes.

Jadian opened his dark eyes to his mom yelling at him to get ready. He quickly looked at the time on his phone, it was 5:55. What felt like five minutes was actually 32 minutes and he was now running late. Jadian quickly got up and made his way to his closet passing his bathroom on the way. He hesitated for a second but decided he had no time to pee, besides he barley had to go and he liked holding it, surely he could hold it till half-time.

Continuing to his closet Jadian put on his basketball uniform; white Nike Pro shorts, light royal blue basketball shorts with silver sides, and a light royal blue gym shirt with a silver number seven and silver outlines. After he was dressed he through together a quick gym bag.

Once Jadian finished getting ready he made his way downstairs to the kitchen where his mom was waiting. “Let’s go” he said to his mom once he got within her ear range. Jadian grabbed his water bottle and bag and started out the door, his mom grabbed her purse and followed him out to the car. Jadian crossed his legs automatically once he was in the car. His mom noticed how he cross his legs knee over knee right away but she ignored it.

For the next 25 minutes, Jadian talked to his mom about basketball. He was so use to holding he didn't even realize he was squirming in his seat; moving around, crossing and uncrossing his legs, and even grabbing his crotch at times.

Jadian and his mom pulled into his school’s gym parking lot at 6:31. Jadian jumped out of the car and had to hold himself as his bladder didn't expect the quick movement. He was shocked how bad he had to pee, he knew he could hold but it shocked him as he didn't feel the need earlier. Pulling his hand away, he grabbed his things from the car and walked up to the gym, leaving his mom behind.

Jadian was the last of the team to arrive at the locker room. The others greeted him as he made his way to his locker to put his stuff away. Nico, his best friend who was also on the football team with him earlier that year, came up to him at his locker “your ready for a great game?” Jadian replied “you bet I am” with a huge smile as he high fives Nico.

As he finished putting his things in his locker Jadian closed his locker door and headed to fill up his water bottle. While Jadian waited in line to fill his water bottle, he took a big sip of it emptying it. As he was filling up his water the coach came out of his office and told them all to huddle up. Jadian finished filling up his water and nonchalant squeezed his crotch before heading to the rest of the team for his couch to give them a pep talk.

”LET’S GO!” the coach yelled as he finished his pep talk and the team ran out to the basketball court. Jadian realized just how bad he needed to pee while he was running out to the court, but he had no choice but to hold it now and hope he didn't have another accident.

Once Jadian got in the gym and saw the huge crowd he knew he had to hold it till half-time, his light royal blue basketball shorts would show his accident painfully obvious. He couldn't let his team and the huge crowd(Which seemed like the whole school) witnesses him pee his pants. The worst part was his mom, dad, and little brother were in the crowd and would see him have his accident, he has to hold it.

After both teams were on the court the game began and Jadian was doing terrible. He was too focused on holding his bladder and not have yet another accident to focus on the game. At one point Jadian saw a perfect chance to interrupt the ball but as he jumped he felt a leak of hot urine escape wetting his white Nike Pro Shorts. Luckily for him, his basketball shorts remained dry but he swore to himself no more risky moves like that.

They finished the first quarter, but Jadian was doing not as well as he hoped. His ball intercept was good but after his leak and him swearing to himself no more risky moves he was not doing as good as he was. This, of course, resulted in the coach asking him what was wrong. Jadian didn't what to admit he had to pee and badly. So of course, the coach benched him. He was fine with this as it lets him focus on his bladder more, he had to pee badly and all the water he was forced to drink to stay hydrated didn't help at all.

Jadian took a seat and immediately crossed his legs knee over knee. Knowing if he put his hands by his crotch he might end up holding himself he decided to put both hands on his top knee and wanting to squirm in his seat, Jadian knew if he did everyone would see so he started to swing his top foot and leg to distract him from squirming. This helped him a lot and he knew he would make it if it stayed this way.

Unfortunately, Jadian’s luck didn't last and the coach tagged him into play. With a half-hour left till half-time Jadian knew he had to hold it. He slowly got up for his chair without uncrossing his legs first, as he stood up and finally uncrossed his legs standing he felt another leak of hot urine escape and wet his white Nike Pro Shorts. He didn't grab himself in fear of people seeing so he just focused on tightening his muscles and holding it, it worked as Jadian stopped the flow and ran into play. As he was running to join in he sneaked a look at his basketball shorts and was relieved to see them still dry.

On the way by, the coach caught Jadian. ”Hey I don't know what was distracting you before and if you don't want to tell me that’s okay, I just hope it's gone”. Jadian smiled and said ”don't worry coach, I'll do better” but Jadian was not so sure as he knew to do better he would have to focus less on his bladder.

The game was going great. Jadian was doing better, with the risk of not focusing on his bladder as much. He didn't have an accident yet so that was really good for Jadian, but his leaks made his white Nike Pro Shorts wet enough to bother him.

Unfortunately, for him playing again made him have to drink more and more water and his bladder didn't like that at all. During a time out the was called Jadian has no choice but to fill his now empty water bottle. Hearing the water as it filled his bottle caused Jadian’s bladder to scream. He tried to stand as normal as he could and though he was but Nico came up to him and said ”Hey, you okay? Your legs are close together and shaking.” Jadian looked at him “y-yeah I’m f-fine”. Nico gave him a concerned look as he guessed what was wrong, he just hoped his friend could make it.

The whistle blow signaling the time out was now over. Jadian start to walk back to the middle of the court to play. He looked up at the timer and saw 15 minutes we're left till half-time. He could do it he thought he had to but he wasn't so sure he could. Jadian had to pee really bad now and was sure he was barely at a ten out of ten capacity, maybe even almost at eleven out of ten, if that was even possible.

The game had started back up and somehow Jadian was making it. Now he was sure he was somehow at an eleven out of ten. He looked at the timer ten minutes left, he was doing it! The ball went all over the place and Jadian tried to focus on it but he couldn’t. That's why when his team made a goal and the buzzer went off it surprised him causing him to leak. He didn’t even have time to look before the ball was heading his way. He tried to catch it but not being focused caused him to miss it. He looked at the timer again five minutes left, he could do it!

Unfortunately, his bladder was at its limit and disagreed. Jadian felt his bladder give in as he lost the battle and immediately stopped in his tracks and shot both of his hands, grabbing his crotch. But it didn't help as pee just ran threw his hands with a loud hissing sound. He looked down as his light royal blue basketball shorts turned a dark royal blue. He watched in horror as pee poured down his legs, almost shining against his tan skin, wetting his socks and shoes while also running into his shoes. The now dark fabric of his basketball shorts glistered with pee. It made a huge pee puddle at his feet on the gym floor that seemed to just get bigger and bigger.

Jadian felt tears fill his eyes as he couldn't help but to start crying. He couldn't hold his pee and was having an accident in front of his team, the opposing team, and the huge crowd which included his mom and dad as well as his little brother.

All that could be heard in the gym was a loud hiss as Jadian’s bladder emptied into his pants. The game had stopped as both teams just stared at Jadian. The crowd was silent as they also just watched the poor teen.

After what seemed like hours Jadian’s stream finally died down to just a tinkle. As soon as he could, he ran as fast as possible to the locker room still crying, almost slipping in the huge pee puddle he just made.

Nico was the only one to follow, as the game still had five minutes left. He found Jadian now sobbing on the locker room floor. ”you okay?” Nico said as he sat next to Jadian on the locker room floor patting him on the back. Jadian said nothing as all he could do was sob.

Nico hated seeing Jadian this upset, yes he did just have an accident and pee his pants in front of tons of people but he seemed more upset then he should be. Nico was bisexual and had a huge crush on Jadian but never acted on it as he didn't want to ruin the friendship and he didn't know Jadians thoughts on it.

Nico couldn't help but to hug Jadian. It worked, as Jadian was surprised enough to stop sobbing, and to look at Nico, he still didn't say anything though. Nico pulled back and smiled as he heard Jadian stop sobbing and felt him turn and look at him.

Jadian was not sure of his sexuality but he knew he was not straight. Jadian smiled and pulled Nico into another hug and silently cried into Nico’s shoulder. Nico was happy to offer Jadian some comfort.

After a couple of minutes, Jadian pulled away as Nico stood up. Nico stuck his hand out to help Jadian up ”let’s get you into the locker room shower and cleaned”. Jadian took Nico’s hand and stood up, walking to the showers. Jadian stopped as he realized he needed clean clothes. Jadian turned around and headed to his locker, he opened it and took his bag out.

He dug through it and after a while said ”fuck” Nico walked over ”what’s wrong?”. ”I can't find any clean underwear” Jadian said as he started to cry again. ”I have an extra pair you can borrow” Nico went over to his locker and open it, taking a pair of underwear out and walking back over to Jadian.

He handed Jadian a pair of black Calvin Klein briefs. Jadian didn't normally wear briefs but he needed clean underwear and Nico wore them and offered, so why not.

Jadian walked over to the showers, placing his clean clothes on the shower bench as he got undressed. Nico couldn't help but to stare as Jadian took off his shirt and then his now dark royal blue and soaked basketball shorts. Nico felt himself get hard as he saw Jadian, his crush, shirtless and in only his white Nike Pro Shorts, which were soaked and yellow around his crotch making them almost see-through.

Jadian smiled as he saw Nico staring and smiled back, getting into the shower before he took off his soaked Nike Pro Shorts, teasing Nico. Jadian couldn't help but smile as the hot water hit him, and ran down his body, cleaning him, thinking of his new(maybe) boyfriend, Nico.

But the smile quickly left his face as he remembered his accident. He had failed and now most, if not all the school had seen him pee himself. Not to mention the other team and the huge crowd of guest. His heart sunk as he remembered his mom and dad must have seen, as long as his little brother. Jadian felt more tears come but this time as he was in the shower, no one could see him cry.

While Jadian was in the shower, the coach came into check on everything. Nico told him what had happened and the Jadian was in the shower. The coach smiled, glade that his team members seemed okay. He told Nico he could stay with Jadian and that he would keep the team out of the locker room during half-time. He then went back out to the game as Nico took a seat on a bench outside the showers.

Once Jadian had no more tears to cry and was sure he had washed all the pee and sweat away he turned off the water. He dried off and put on Nico’s briefs before exiting the shower. He was surprised by how he looked in briefs, he felt cute and especially cute for Nico. Jadian also liked the feeling of wearing briefs, which came as a surprise.

Jadian was surprised to see Nico sitting outside the shower waiting for him. Nico look at Jadian and smiled as he saw his now wet crush exit the shower in only black Calvin Klein briefs, and not only that but his black Calvin Klein briefs. ”All better?” Nico asked Jadian. “All better” Jadian responded to Nico. Nico stood up and hugged Jadian.

Jadian hugged Nico back but pulled away soon after as he wanted to get dress before the rest of the team got in the locker room. As he put on his clean shorts and shirt he couldn't help but to think more about his accident. How could he have not realized he had to pee so bad at home?

Jadian was thinking this as Nico came and sat next to Jadian putting his arm around Jadian’s shoulders. They sat there like that till the game had ended and the team got back.

When the team finally got in the locker room everyone saw Jadian and smiled. They all said something that was either ”are you ok?”, ”dont worry about it, we have your back”, or ”accident happen to us all”. He may have had an accident but a team is a team and they have his back, besides what is a team is they don't have your back. And the team told Nico and Jadian good news, they had won the game!

After a while Jadian had to face his fear and go find his parents. Nico went with him and they held hands as the looked. No one said anything to Jadian as the other team had already lefted, but Jadian felt stares and heard people whispering. After a while of searching Jadian finally found his parent and little brother.

They immediately saw Jadian and Nico walking up. There eyes immediately shot down to Jadians short but there were new and dry. They then looked up to Jadian’s face and made eye contact with him and smiled, Jadian smiled back. Finally his parents noticed Jadian was holding hands with Nico which caused them to smile more, the had expected there son was not straight and hopeded Nico comfert him.

Jadian and Nico made there way up to Jadian’s parents. ”hows mine champ doing?” his dad said as he rubbed Jadian’s messy black hair. Jadian just laughed as his mom said ”congrats on the win, both of you” acknowledging Nico. Jadian then looked at his little brother who smiled devilish and said ”my big brother has an accident and peed his pants!”.

Jadian turned red I'm embarrassment as his little brother yelled this. His mom told his little brother to stop but the embarrassment already set in again. Jadian squeezed Nico’s hand as he got embarrassed yet again.

Jadian than said bye to Nico and followed his parents out to the car. The car ride home was very quit as Jadian just put in his headphones to listen to music. Once they got home Jadian went up to his room. As he climbed the stairs to his room, Jadian felt a leak. ”How could he not have realized he had to pee again” he thought? He took another step and leaked again, he shot a hand to his crotch and thought ”no I can’t wet myself again and epically not in Nico’s briefs”.

Fortunately, he now has on black gym shorts so his accident wasn't visible yet. He was able to make it to his room without leaking again but only with one hand grabbing his crotch. He shut his door and knowing he was on the edge of having another accident and wouldn't make it, he close his eyes and released his bladder.

A loud hiss filled his room as pee soaked Nico’s black briefs and Jadian’s black gym shorts as Jadian purposely peed his pants. Pee glistered against Jadian’s black gym shorts and once again ran down his legs, shining against his tan skin, and making a pee puddle on the carpet at his feet.

Once he was finished peeing again he made his way to his bathroom to shower. He took off his shirt and wet gym shorts and stared at his reflection in the mirror, of him in Nico’s now wet black briefs. Jadian couldn’t help but to get hard as he liked seeing himself in peed in briefs and likes the way it clenched against his skin, he also liked seeing himself in briefs. The black briefs glistered with pee as he looked at them.

After five minutes of starting, he snapped out of it and went to take a shower. He took off Nico’s wet briefs and got in the shower. He thought of how he just peed his pants twice and how he had multiple accidents.

After a while of thinking he got out of the shower. As he stepped out he saw Nico’s briefs and got an idea. Jadian dried off and grabbed Nico’s briefs. Even though they were soaked with pee Jadian decided to put them on. At first they were cold as the wet fabric came in contact with Jadian’s skin but eventually they were fine and not as cold.

He went to lay on his bed in only the wet briefs. He put in headphones to listen to music as he closed his eyes but as they closed his phone buzzes with a text. It was from Nico ”Hey, I never officially asked in the locker room, but would you be my boyfriend?”. Jadian smiled as he read the text and responded ”of course I will be:)”. He then added ”BTW I had another accident and kinda soaked your briefs”. Nico responded ”I’m happy to be your boyfriend, and I guess I'll have to call you Mr. Pee pants XD, But that's fine, I was gonna let you keep them anyway”, Jadian smiled as he read the message.

Jadian and Nico talked more but eventually had to say good night, as they both had school in the morning. ”Goodnight, sweet dreams” Jadian sent Nico, and Nico sent the same. They they both fell asleep smiling.

*003*2020-06-09 22:39

{{On 6/7/2020 at 3:14 PM, Shadowdevil said:

Amazing!! Greatly written. I love these Jadian stories! Jadian and Nico are so cute lol! Can't wait to read more!!

}}

More will come!! Hopefully soon!!

