Invisible Ink

Author: Axis

*000*2016-06-05 02:49

“Whatever you do, little girl, don’t drink that stuff.” the shop owner said. I was just within earshot to hear it, in fact if I were him, I would have been surprised if I had heard it. The owner is half the reason hardly anyone goes there anymore, the other being that it’s a glorified garbage dump. Almost all of his stuff is totally useless, from chewed up socks to paddleball paddles without the balls. Heck, I only went in there for this stuff. I turned the small navy-blue jar and read the label. 

It said: ‘Edible Invisible Ink. For the ultimate in writing security, you can use this on paper, then eat it! Works best with our Edible Paper.’ Okay, so it’s edible? That didn’t really back up what the owner said. Maybe it wasn’t actually edible….but then how would he know that? I shrugged, thoughts turning to more pressing matters. I had been looking for that shop all damn day and my bladder was not letting me forget it. Now, most people at this point of desperation would find an alley or something. In fact, I know a few people who would probably give up and wet themselves. Not Madison, though. I was going to wait as long as I could. Why? I’m a bit embarrassed to admit it, but I have this fetish, and…

What?

You too?

Oh! Umm…I guess I don’t have to explain it then. That makes things a lot easier on me, hehe.

Anyway, while I was on the toilet this morning I challenged myself not to go again until I got home from what was going to be a hell of a day. I won’t bore you with the details, it was just a bunch of errands for my mom, and one for me. My errand was to find this shop and see if they had anything cool. It was a bit of an urban legend amongst my classmates at school, and my adventurous heart couldn’t resist the temptation. Ahh, temptation just makes me think about how bad I have to pee! If it weren’t so frowned upon I would let my bladder drain right into my jeans without a second thought. Except maybe about how warm and arousing it felt…oh, but um, moving on. Yes. Next, um, next paragraph.

When I arrived home my abdomen was on fire. I needed to pee, there was no way around it. Fortunately, relief was just through the front door, which was locked, and a short walk to the bathro- wait, locked!? I jiggled the handle and pulled with all my might, but yes. It was locked. “This is so cliche…but now I have an excuse if I don’t make it.” I said to myself, smiling a little. I stood by the door with bags in my hands, wiggling my hips as I waited for my mom to get home. Thankfully, it wasn’t a long wait, though when you’re that full time slows down a great deal. 

I stood as still as I could, face flushed with- argh, everything I say reminds me of the toilet! Hurry up mom…okay. The door was open, the pathway was clear, and I could even spot the open bathroom from the front porch. It was just a simple matter of walking. However, when I went to move my feet, my bladder gave me a clear signal: you move, you pee. My mother called for me to come inside and close the door, and I was a little too old with a little too much dignity to stand there and yell ‘I can’t! I have to pee too bad!’. In my head, I went over my options. It was pretty simple, move and try to make it, or stand here and inevitably lose it in my pants. So, I took a deep breath and made for the door.

I thought I was executing my plan pretty well at first. I swiftly got inside, set down the bags, and ran for the bathroom. I could feel my muscles starting to relax, having all but given up on me. I was determined, however, and I was not going to wet-

“Sweetie, you need to close the door!”

“B-but mom, I…”

“Now, please!”

Her tone was not to be mistaken as a suggestion, so I groaned and hurried back to close the door. I wrapped my fingers around the handle and went to push, and that little bit of effort meant that I had just that much less holding my pee. But it was enough.

“Madison, I told y- Oh my god. Honey, are you all right?”

I wasn’t. My face was red, my brain almost unable to fully realize what was happening. Everything felt so surreal…my mother’s concerned voice was drowned out by the sound of pee hitting the floor, a loud drizzling that turned into splashing as a puddle spread under my sneakers.

After I had finally stopped crying, I went up to my room and changed, putting my wet clothes in the washing machine per my mother’s instructions. She took it well, assuming that I simply hadn’t had time to go with all the errands I had run that day. It didn’t change how I felt though. I was so embarrassed I wanted to die. That, or quit holding it altogether. 

The latter almost seemed worse to me. I looked over at the little jar on my bed side table. Some worthless ink. Calling it a waste of my time would be an understatement. It was all that time I spent searching for the fabled shop…without that, nothing bad would have happened. Gripping with regret and angry at myself, I picked up the jar, remembering what the shop owner had told me. “Don’t drink that stuff…” My curiosity got the better of me, so I downed it. After all, what was the worst thing that could happen? I doubt it would kill me, and going to the hospital would mean a vacation from school. It was a win-win situation. I had no idea how right I was.

After washing the ink out of my tongue, as well as the taste it left there, I went to bed. Stress made me tired, and besides I had to get up for school in the morning, provided I didn’t get sick. I opened my eyes to a strange, off-color version of my old house. My mom came in and started rolling around and mooing. I think I was dreaming. I stepped over her and went to the kitchen to get a snack, when my bladder started trying to get my attention. “Okay, okay! Im peeing…” I walked over to the bathroom, but it was locked. My mom yelled from upstairs. “It’s broken, go on the floor!” Since I was in a dream, it made perfect sense to me at the time. I went to lower my pants, but saw that I was naked. I shrugged, that just meant less effort for me. I let go, smiling as I watched it pour out onto my feet. I didn’t feel it on my feet, though. I just felt it between my legs, and then…my lower back?

I jolted awake, shaking my head a bit to wake myself up. I could hear a soft hiss from under my sheets. I was confused for a moment, then the memory of my dream flooded back into consciousness. Much the same way that I was flooding my mattress. I gasped and leapt up, trying in vain to cut off the flow. I wanted to cry. Twice in a row? My mother was going to put me in pull ups! I couldn’t believe I had peed in my sleep. My panties were warm and soaked, my legs too. I hesitated to look at the bed, but I had to ascertain the damage. I turned on the light in my room, and was shocked at the sight. It was…pristine. Unsullied. Dry. I rushed over and felt the mattress…nothing. I looked down at my panties and it was the same story. I couldn’t even feel the warmth anymore. It was like it had never happened…

My mother derailed my train of thought, coming in to tell me to get ready or I would be late, as well as to stop sleeping in my underwear. I obeyed her first instruction (and only the first), making a quick plate of eggs and hurrying out the door to catch the bus. Once I took my seat I thought more about that morning’s events. I was one-hundred percent sure I peed. It had nothing to do with the dream, I felt it, and I heard it. Maybe the stress was getting to me? Had an all-powerful diety seen my predicament and taken mercy? There was only one way to know for sure.

I drank a lot at lunch that day, probably more than was necessary for what I wanted to do. After realizing my mistake and squirming my way through history, I hurried to the girl’s bathroom, chose a stall, and sat. I looked down and waited for my pee to come out. Sure enough, it…didn’t. I mean, it did. I could feel it, and I could see the water splashing below me. There was just no pee. I put my hand under my stream just to double check, and I could feel it hitting my hand. It was so bizarre, for a second I thought I must have still been dreaming. About a minute after I was done, my hand felt dry. I decided not to flush, feeling it wasn’t necessary. I still washed my hands, if for no other reason than habit, and went to my next class with a big smile on my face. Later, on the bus ride home, I once again felt the urge to pee. So I went. And nobody knew.

My life had just gotten a lot more fun!

Thank you so much for reading! Please give your feedback, especially if you want a continuation of this story. If you have a request, please feel free to PM me. I don’t bite :3

Stay fresh!

*002*2016-06-05 02:55

Apologies to everyone about the multiple posts! (Assuming thats not just showing up for me).

Please message me if you know how to fix that >>

Thank you for the reply! ^^ It means a lot

*007*2016-06-06 03:22

The week after I drank that invisible ink was incredible. The liberation I felt, being able to pee anytime and anywhere without anyone being able to tell…it was indescribable. In my room, at dinner, on the bus, during class, and just for kicks even in the bathroom once in a while. I did it everywhere, and everyone noticed a significant change in my mood. At first it was a bit difficult to get used to, especially when my mom was around. Once, she heard me going and looked bewildered at where the sound was coming from. The best I could come up with was that I think the kitchen sink was leaking. When she turned to look at it I had to stop my stream, then when she looked back to me I could continue. It was as fun as it was nerve-wracking!

Saturday rolled around and I was watching cartoons, happily relieving myself onto the couch, when the doorbell rang. My mom was on a business trip, so I had to answer the door. And I would have, really, but Froggy and the Legion of the Lilypad were about to uncover the secret of the Pirates’- “All right, all right! I’m coming!” I paused the recording and got the door. It was a maintenance guy, here to fix the sink. I just laughed and told him he had the wrong house. I love messing with people. It’s a hobby.

“Umm…are you okay, miss?”

He looked concerned about something. I tilted my head.

“I’m fine…? Why do you ask?”

“I, ah, I don’t mean to impose, but…”

It was at that moment that I realized my wet pants had gotten cold. That usually never happens.

“You”

There was no way.

“seem”

He’s joking, right?

“to”

It’s probably something else.

“have”

A nice hairdo? A kissable face? Herpes? Come on, man, don’t do this to me…

“wet”

Shit.

“yourself.”

Did I dare look down? I suppose at that moment it would have been pointless. He had just told me everything I needed to know. Despite my whole demeanor changing, I still managed to thank him for letting me know and close the door before turning around and slumping back against it. I felt between my legs, to eliminate any doubt, but there really wasn’t much to begin with. An image of the couch with urine soaking into the middle cushion flashed into my head. I would have to have my breakdown some other time. I got up off the floor and cleaned up, choking back tears a little bit. I was just thankful my mom wasn’t home.

Once again, I needed to confirm the pattern. So, I drank plenty of Dr. P and waited for the magic to happen. Once I felt the need, I went into the bathroom and started peeing. Much to my dismay, a stream of yellow (with a brown tint, presumably from the soda) was present, discoloring the water in the bowl. I sighed, not out of relief but disappointment, and flushed for the first time that week.

The rest of my Saturday was pretty dismal. It sounds strange, but having to manage my bladder and use the toilet after the week I had…it was like someone had surgically removed the joy out of my life. By Sunday, I knew I had to do something about it. I wasn’t allowed to leave the house, but what my mom didn’t know wasn’t going to do her any harm. I made a sandwich and put it in my backpack, locking my door as I set off on my journey. Thankfully, it wasn’t so bad now that I knew where it was. It was pretty empty.

“Back again, I see” said the owner, scowling at me from behind his desk. His raisin-like appearance was a bit of a contrast to his cheerful looking clothes. It reminded me of what a carnival barker might wear if he really loved his job.

“Yes, I, um…ran out of invisible ink. Do you have any more of it?”

“No. You bought my last jar.”

“Oh…” I tried to mask my disappointment, putting a smile on. “When will the next shipment arrive?”

He eyed me like he was trying way too hard to prove to me that he could see. “There won’t be any. What I have is just that. You can get invisible ink at the supermarket down the-“

“Yes, but I need yours, specifically.” I was losing my patience. I knew in my head that my demeanor, but my heart ignored it.

The owner looked at me and sighed, looking a bit more somber than before. “You drank it, didn’t you. You didn’t heed my warning.”

“I…all right, yes. I did. Please, just tell me where I can get more.”

“I will never. I know what happens, and it isn’t natural.”

I went to retort, but all I could manage was a huff. Not natural? What would this old crud know! I bet he’s the same kind of guy that says being gay is unnatural, that wanting to have sex before you’re married is unnatural. I’d become fed up, and bid him a fond farewell through gritted teeth. I even went around to the side of the shop and lifted my leg up onto the wall, peeing against it. That would show him. He’d probably never see it, and if he did he probably wouldn’t know what it was, and if he did he probably wouldn’t have known who did it or why…but it would still show him. It’s the principle of the thing. Besides, I had to go anyway.

I got home, relieved to find it not broken into. It was a silly thing to worry about but when you’re my age and you’re breaking the rules, the worst scenario is the most likely in your head. It was getting late, so I went up to bed and pulled out my 3DS. Maybe some Kid Icarus would get me over the fact that my omorashi fantasy had come to an end. While I was playing, my eye caught something on my bedside table. It was the empty jar of ink. With the company logo on it. A company logo belonging to a company. A company that could be searched for. I practically threw down my usually beloved handheld and raced over to my desk, typing the name frantically into the search bar: Tin Toy Co. In no time I had an address and phone number. It was a decent distance away, but I could manage it. This is for the ink, after all.

I set out for the address I had written on my hand, stopping on the way for ice cream and to pee. Of course, with the ink in my system I could have just gotten ice cream and not bothered with the latter…but that would change when I got there. I arrived at the company and asked the first guy I saw about their invisible ink. He made a weird face, but I couldn’t tell if it was the subject itself or the fact that a random sophomore girl had come into the company headquarters bringing it up. Nonetheless, I was told to…mind my own business!?

I wanted to flip the guy off. My feet were killing me! I probably had blisters I walked so far to get here, and I was not walking all the way back empty-handed. I had to take a few deep breaths to regain my composure. Once I did, I calmly insisted that he tell me something, and he did. He told me to leave before he called security. That scared me a bit so I thanked him and did as he said, trekking back with my head in my hands. How hard was it to get one or a hundred jars of some ink? Maybe they didn’t make it anymore…something I really didn’t want to consider a possibility unless I had to.

I found myself in bed again, each time more stressed than the last it would seem. Was I really asking for too much here? No, of course not. There had to be a way to get more. It slowly became less about being able to pee freely and more about finishing what I set out to do. I scanned the jar again. My one and only clue. Part of me wanted to lick the inside and see if that worked, but I felt I had some dignity left and I wanted to hang on to it.

Instead, I found something that made me jump up and down out of excitement. The ingredients! I wanted to slap myself for not having thought of it on my own. There was only one ingredient listed: an indigo colored flower called the Reclusive Gayfeather. No, seriously. I almost wet my pants laughing, just in case you wanted to gauge my maturity. After a few minutes of that, I wiped the last tear from my eye, giggles coming like aftershocks. I set the jar down and deleted ‘Tin Toy Co.’ from the search bar, replacing it with ‘Reclusive G’. I had to pause, snickering to myself before I finished typing it out. And I’m bi, too. I just really wasn’t expecting it is all.

According to the internet, the flower was rare and only located in the some botanical garden downtown. I groaned, following through on my earlier desire to slap myself. I was just there! Now, before you go pointing out to me how convenient all these locations are, keep in mind that I found a product, found its maker nearby, and found its ingredients nearby. That makes sense, and I’m not just being lazy by not wanting to write an entire plane ride that I would have to somehow keep from my mom. I mean, her being on a business trip is bad enough, I really should have thought of something better to write as to why she was gone. That was the reason, I just worry about keeping things exciting, you know? But I’m getting way off track. Sorry. You came here to read about pee. Or at least I assume you did. It’s possible you’re just a super dedicated reader who will venture into depths of sites you have no interest in just to try and find a good story. If so I really hope this was worth all that.

Madison, move on.

Right, sorry.

I gave my feet a short bath to try and recover from all the walking I had done previously, adding some water of my own to the mix. Baths and showers. Get me every single time. I dried them off and I did indeed feel better. I didn’t even get a blister! I probably was about to, but it was worth it. I once again left my house, oblivious to the fact that I had wasted pretty much my entire weekend to get this stuff. As long as I had it, everything would be fine. What did occur to me, however, was the realization that I would probably have to steal these flowers. I shrugged. If that’s what it took to get more invisible ink, then that’s what I was going to do.

I can't thank you guys enough for all the feedback and upvotes. I hope the new chapter met your expectations.

*012*2016-06-12 06:24

Have you ever tried to break into a botanical garden? You would not believe how easy it is. I guess I don’t know what I expected, but I don’t think they had security of any kind. I mean, what if someone wanted to break in and steal a rare flower that just so happens to make urine invisible upon consumption? I mean, sure, it’s unlikely, but it could happen!

I beat my mom home by ten minutes, putting the flower pot I had been carrying them in delicately down on my bookshelf. I did a sort of victory dance, having finally obtained them. I almost wanted to just eat them, but instead I gave them a longing stare before going down to greet my mom. She seemed happy to be back, and honestly, with her gone I hadn’t realized I had missed her until she was there in front of me. My dad wasn’t around anymore, so she was all I had in terms of family. You can go a little nuts when you’re all by yourself…

She wasted no time weakening my abnormally positive view of her by asking to see my room, first thing. This made me nervous, then irritated at her for making me nervous. Don’t get me wrong, my room was clean as a whistle. The problem was the flowers. They were out on display, and hard not to notice. I quickly made up an alibi. There was a flower shop not too far from the house, so I bought them there. The guy working didn’t look like the usual owner. He said they were on the house. 'There, I think that will cover my tracks nicely.’ I thought to myself. I took a deep breath. They were just flowers. Not a big deal…right?

“Yes, it’s a big deal! Now tell the truth! I know that’s not where you got them from, I don’t even need to call the owner.”

How did she see right through the lie? A-and why was she so mad, anyway? It’s not like she knew…

“I know what those flowers are for. Or, rather, what they can be for…” her anger turned to a sullen defeat as she sat down across from me, clasping her hands together. She looked concerned above anything else. “I…guess that means you got some of that ink, huh?”

I wasn’t sure what to say, so I nodded. She closed her eyes and sighed. It was pretty clear that she was holding back tears as well.

“Listen…you’re not in trouble.”

Phew….

“Not with me, anyway.”

Wh-what!? N-nobody told me they were illegal! There was no way I could have known! A-and why would she, my own mother, turn me in!?

“I would take you to a doctor, but…I don’t know what good it would do…it’s certainly too late now.” Her tears came forth, unable to wait in their ducts any longer. When she mentioned a doctor I got scared. I think I even felt my panties get a little wet...

At this point, I knew I had to ask the obvious question. It was just hard to get my mouth to open…

“I know what you’re probably thinking…and yes. You’re going to get very sick...”

And out came the rest of my pee. I was so flustered, I couldn’t even stop it. I just sort of stared at my mom, trembling in my chair. I watched her face go from confusion, to realization, to a small smile of understanding.

“Don’t…don’t worry about that, sweetie.”

Yeah, I guess I wouldn’t need to if I was going to die…she didn’t say as much but she may as well have spelled it out. I honestly would have preferred it. If thinking of a good response was hard before, it was that much tougher now that I was wetting myself right in front of her…again…

I just sort of teared up and ran to my room. Once I had stopped bawling into my pillow, I could hear her downstairs with the swiffer. That got another ten minutes of tears out of me. So embarrassing…

I wiped my eyes, and when I opened them again I saw that cursed indigo jar, sitting smugly on my bedside table. My blood began to boil. I grabbed it tight in my hand and…

...

While I was cleaning, I heard something crash in her bedroom. Normally, I would have been up there in an instant to make sure she was okay, but she had thrown things before and this time she had a pretty good reason. Poor thing…

I finished wiping up her mess and wiping away my half-dried tears, I sat on the couch. My heart froze when I saw those flowers…for a different reason than in 1996.

“I know it’s edible, Greg, but I’m not gonna just drink the whole bottle! Dare me to do something else.”

He just grinned at me, like a fool. It didn’t make me love him any less, though. “Can’t do that, babe. It’s against the rules.”

“Oh, come on. Just give me one alternative.”

“Well…we could always…” he flashed me another smile, his eyes twinkling. I knew exactly what he was going to say.

“Nope! Nope, not doing that. I told you, not until we’re married.”

“I curse god for making that stupid rule.” he said with a chuckle.

“Well, that’s not gonna win you any points with him.”

“So? It could win me points with you.” Never could stop flashing smiles, that guy. We had been dating for over two years…I was actually kind of impressed that he only brought it up as often as he did. In a way, I thought maybe he had earned it. But that night I just…wasn’t ready. I really wish I had been.

“Fine, I’ll drink the stupid ink. But if I get sick or something, you’re dead.”

I buried my head in my hands, sinking into the couch. I had gotten lost in the past…

What were the odds that my daughter would befall the same fate…I was afraid to do it, but I had to know when she had drank it. Drunk it. Drunken it. Consumed it. There, that works. I took tentative steps up to her room. I didn’t hear any more crying, which either meant she had stopped or she had done something stupid to herself out of distress…then I remembered the crash I heard.

…

My mom burst into the room. When she saw the shards of the ink jar on the far side of my room and me playing on my DS in bed she put her hand on her chest, relieved. I would have been more surprised, but she had a habit of thinking that I was gonna commit suicide for whatever reason. Though I guess now it wouldn’t make much difference…

“I’m sorry, honey. Are you doing okay?”

“Not according to you, no.”

“Right…” she said, looking away. I expected her to go on, she looked like she had something to say. She was hesitating, though. I was about to go back to my game when she finally mustered the courage.

“When exactly did you drink it?”

“Oh, um…last week. Sunday night.”

She looked confused, then a bit stern.

“Madison, please, don’t lie. This is serious.”

“I’m not! I swear!”

“Madison…” she said with a ‘gonna count to three’ tone in her voice. What else was I supposed to say?

“I swear on dad’s grave.”

That got her.

“…a…a-all right…” she inhaled slowly, exhaling as she said “I believe you.”

“Why wouldn’t you? Is there some kind of issue with that?”

She looked at me like I said something ridiculous.

“Well, once it gets into your system it doesn’t take more than a couple of hours for things to...go wrong. Very wrong.”

Right. Cause I was supposed to know that.

“What happens, exactly?” I sat up a bit.

She sat down, gearing herself up for it.

“It…it gets into your bloodstream. After that, it reaches your heart, and it…it makes it fade. I know it sounds ridiculous, but…"

“Wait, is that all it does?”

“…wh-what?”

“There aren’t any, like…side effects?”

“Well…no. Not that I know of. It goes ‘virtually undetected’ until…” she started to sob again, unable to carry on talking about it. She must have been reminded that this was all going to happen to her daughter…but was it?

“It doesn’t make your pee disappear?”

She stopped crying almost on a dime. I could have sworn she almost laughed a bit. “P-pee? No, it doesn’t…it doesn’t do that….why do you ask?”

“Well…because it did mine.”

My mother was dumbfounded. “You…you must have expelled it out of your system…but how would your body have known to do that…?”

“Well…what if it’s in my genes?”

“You were peeing in your jeans?”

I rolled my eyes. “DNA, mom. What if I got it from you or dad.”

“Well, you didn’t get it from me…”

That basically told me everything I needed to know. That comment plus her knowledge of the flower and its effects could only mean that she had also drank some ink…but then why was she so certain I was going to die?”

…

“Johnson! Bring her into the OR, I’ll be there in two minutes! All right, nurse. Brief me, we don’t have a lot of time.”

“She’s in critical condition, doctor. Lacerations and hemorrhaging rampant through the abdomen. Apparently her boyfriend was attempting to….it’s difficult to say.”

“You’re not sure?”

The nurse shook her head.

“Ah. I understand. I assume she’s pregnant, then?”

The nurse nodded.

“Thank you. I’m going to do what I can to save them both…thank you for your composure. I’m sorry your first day was this gruesome.”

The nurse looked down at the ground. “Just…save her. Please.”

The doctor put his hand on her shoulder and smiled.

“I will. Both of them.”

…

“It was then that they discovered a foreign substance in my bloodstream, and pumped it out. While I was recovering, a specialist paid me a visit and told me about the ink and what it could do. He also told me about how quickly it worked and how incredibly lucky I was…and how lucky I was that you were still around.” She smiled at me. “But I didn’t need a doctor to tell me that.” She said, giving me a kiss on the forehead. We still had to go to the hospital, but they confirmed that I didn’t have a trace of the ink left in me. We got milkshakes on the way home. During the drive, we passed by a bed of dark blue flowers. We knew they weren’t the same ones, but we decided to get out and peed on them. It was weird, sure, but when you’re that happy it really doesn’t matter.

Oh, and we burned the ones in my room. You’ll never guess how we put the fire out.

