Part 2 of my untitled little series

Author: amasonbo1

*000*2019-08-04 22:53

[Before I start, I'd like to say that I got bored and wrote this, I have no idea if it's good or realistic or anything. Second, if you want to read part one, that's here.

]

“I can already feel it!”

“What? You just started!”

It’s been two months now since Danielle had her accident, and every since then it’s all I can think about whenever I see her. Her squirming and squealing all day in desperation, her hand grabbing her crotch after she finally admitted she needed to pee, the hissing sound of her bladder completely giving in, the dark gray color her leggings turned, the massive puddle of golden liquid in my car. I think she could tell that I liked it somehow. Maybe it was because I didn’t seem to care all that much that she had an accident, and that I didn’t freak out that I had to clean up the soaking wet passenger seat. We started dating a few days after our first adventure, and she’s been teasing me ever since. Whenever she has to use the bathroom now, she always tells me about it. Saying things like,

“Oh my god I really need to pee! Hey remember that time that I peed my pants? I should go before that happens again”

Or,

“I always have to pee, why did I drink so much?”

A few days ago I finally told her about my fetish. She said from the moment that she had her accident, she could tell something was up. She put it all together that night, and had been purposefully teasing me ever since. She agreed to do a hold while we went out to the mall, and if I was lucky, wet once we got back to her place.

She put had on light blue skinny jeans, so tight that they were practically vacuum-sealed to her bottom half. She wore a light red sherpa fleece pullover, and the same white converse she had in her last accident. If you looked hard you could still make out some yellow on the previously all-white shoes.

“Can we stop to get something to drink before we head out?” Danielle asked me.

“More liquid for you? Why of course we can!” I replied.

We walk into the McDonald’s to get her a large ice tea and I can see her already looking over towards the bathrooms.

“You won’t be needing those today, will you?” I lean in and whisper to her.

“What? I don’t know what you mean. I was looking at uhh, the happy meal toys!”

“Sure you were” I say.

Getting back into the car she says to me in a seductive tone,

“Look, I know that you want to see me have another accident, but I’m telling you, I have an incredible bladder. The only reason that I wet myself that one time was because you took us down a bumpy road when I had to go. I’m a big girl, I can hold it”.

“We’ll see about that; and for the record, you didn’t seem like that much of a big girl when you were squirming around yelling about how badly you needed to pee” I replied.

“Well I’m telling you, you won’t see it today. Maybe I’ll cross my legs a little just to see what it does to you. But I guarantee that I can hold it.”

“Why don’t you get started on that tea first before making any guarantees, okay?” I joked back.

About 20 minutes later we arrived at the mall. The parking lot was packed, so I was forced to park in the back.

“Long walk if you need to go” I teased.

“It’ll be fine” Danielle said back.

She walks over to a trash can and throws out her cup. 30 ounces of tea going straight to her bladder. Plus the water she drank before we left, she’s in for a rough time, I thought.

“Still feeling good about that guarantee?” I asked.

“Yeah, now shut up about it,” she replied.

As we enter the mall, we realize that there is, in fact, a correlation between parking lot fullness and mall fullness. It is absolutely packed.

I leaned close to her and said,

“Imagine how embarrassing it would be to have an accident in the middle of the mall and having to walk all the way back to the car soaking wet”

A look of panic set upon her. She seemed to be having second thoughts. But, as soon as it came, it left, and she said,

“Lets go to Macy’s. I’m going to need some new clothes now that spring is almost here”.

As we are walking over there we pass by a fountain. I try to stop and throw a coin in, but Danielle grabs my arm and makes me keep going. By now I can see little signs of her desperation. When we get into the store has a subtle bounce that she’s doing while she’s looking at items. Whenever she bends over to look at something on the lower shelf, she locks her knees together. Her face gets a little wince from time to time and she starts breathing a bit heavier. We finish up in there and while were walking out I turn and ask,

“So, how’s it going?”

She pauses.

“It’s going just fine, thank you”.

She isn’t as chipper and excited as she was before. Her mind seems focused on one thing, and one thing only- her bladder.

“Why don’t we get some lunch? I’m starving.” Danielle says.

“Alright, sounds good to me,” I reply.

We get in line, and she is much more desperate now. She can’t sit still, and her face goes between looking calm to panicked every few seconds. It’s such a cute potty dance.

“Oh shit, this is the wrong size,” She blurts out. “Can you order for me while I exchange this?”

Without waiting for an answer, she leaves. She joggs back into the Macy’s and disappears behind a corner. I order for us, and by the time she’s back the food is just coming out. There are two cups on the tray, a medium and a large. We both reach for the medium, but I beat her to it.

“What are you doing, this is my cup,” I say. “Don’t you usually get a large?”

“Yes but-” She pauses and sighs deeply. “Nevermind”.

She starts drinking. We talk while having lunch, but I can tell that she is barely paying attention. I try to ask her about what she thinks about her softball team this year, but she’s stuck in a thousand yard stare into nothingness. She stands up.

“We’re leaving. Right now. Let’s go,” She says.

“Why? I’m having a good time?” I lean closer. “Does someone need to go potty?”

“Zip it”.

She starts speed walking out of the mall. When we pass by the fountain she practically sprints past it. I can make out a tiny dark blue spot, no bigger than a penny, on her previously dry, light blue jeans. As we reach the exit I decide to tease her a little. I turn and say to her,

“Hold on a second I need to use the bathroom real quick,”

“Oh YOU need to use the bathroom?”

“Yeah, is that a problem? Besides, what else are you going to do? I’m your ride”.

“Fine, but make it quick! Please?”

“I’ll try, but I get a little pee shy in public urinals sometimes. Also can’t forget to count to 20 Mississippi while washing your hands in hot water”

“I hate you, just go” Danielle says. “Hurry, please!”

When I finish I find her sitting on a bench, legs double crossed, doubled over, viciously tapping her foot.

“What took you so long?” She asks.

“Well, there were five urinals, no dividers. That means you need to leave a one urinal space between each person, making it pretty much only three urinals. So there was a bit of a line”

“You know what, I don’t care. And could you stop saying ‘urinals’? It sounds like something else and it’s really not helping me right now”.

“Alright fine. How’s that guarantee coming?”

A glare. No response. Walking back to the car took what felt like years. Danielle had to keep stopping to cross her legs and hold her crotch. Once, she squatted down and shoved both hands deep inside her legs.

“Careful!” I said. “You’re going to get pee on your fleece.”

“I don’t have to pee!” She shouted back. “I don’t have to pee, I don’t have to pee…” She trailed off.

The drive home was slow. Icy roads call for more careful driving. Danielle didn’t seem to understand than, or maybe she just didn’t care. The entire drive back to her house she was cross legged holding herself. She was whimpering and muttering to herself,

“I don’t have to pee, I don’t have to pee. I’m fine. I don’t have to pee”.

When I finally pulled into her driveway she jumped up out of the car and started grabbing her crotch and potty dancing more than I’d ever seen anyone before. Walking in circles and holding herself, she handed me her house key and asked if I could unlock it for her.

As we’re walking up to the door she lets out a yelp, and says,

“Please hurry, I’m about to fucking wet myself. I can barely hold it a second longer. I just leaked a little bit in my pants. I don’t want to wet my pants again”

I unlock the door, and she sprints past me. She makes it to the base of the stairs, when the floodgates burst. Warm, golden piss starts erupting from her bladder. Danielle spreads her legs and pulls up her fleece. She lets out a massive sigh of relief. Pee cascades down her jeans in waves and pools up in a massive puddle on the floor. She stands still as a statue for a minute and a half while the biblical-caliber flood takes place. Both the front and the back of her formerly light blue jeans are now a dark black. She sits down on the first step, shoes still in her massive puddle.

“I thought I could hold it, I really thought I could do it. It felt so good to let go, though”.

I step over her puddle and sit on the step beside her.

“So you had a good time?” I asked

“It was a bliss. I think I just found my new favorite kink,” she replied.

“And you looked so hot while doing it. I had a lot of fun. Let's get you cleaned up”.

