Villainess Plight

Author: AraHaki

*000*2024-08-30 17:26

Hey there, in the past few weeks I`ve read stories where a female reincarnates as a villainess of a novel and tries her best to get her engagement with the male-lead broken off. I thought how about combining a similair story with omorashi. If you have suggestions about how I can improve my writing, or have suggestions about possible story events, I`m open to all of that.

Jin Sang-Mi is your typical 21 year old college girl with one exception. She liked to wet her pants when she is alone at home. It helps her to relax.

One day she went to sleep after reading the final chapter of her favorite novel "Reincarnated as the bullied Heroine". It`s about the daughter of a baron falling in love with the 2nd prince. After enduring the bullying of the villainess the 2nd prince falls in love with her and she gets a happy ending.

The next morning Jin opens her opens her eyes slowly. The ceiling looks bigger and .

Some time after looking around the room she heard a knock at the door. "Are you awake milady?" Not sure how to react Jin answers with an unsure "yes?"

Shortly after a young maid comes in. She looks like a young woman, with short brown hair, brown eyes and freckles. She wears a maid uniform that reaches roughly her knees, tights and black pumps with small heels.

The maid help Jin to dress into a black blouse tucked into a long red pleated skirt, with black tights and black shoes underneath. The maid combed her Hair straight and put on earrings and a necklace with red jewels. There Jin saw herself in a mirrow aswell. She had dark red eyes, with long silky black hair and beatiful facial features.

The maid led Jin to the breakfast table where seemingly her father, mother, brother and younger sister are already waiting on her.

Her new father said in a firm voice: "Helena, what took you so long?!" {Helena?} Jin has an unpleasant assumption. {It couldn't be Helena von Schoeneberg, the villainess from "Reincarnated as the bullied Heroine" right? The description would fit though} "Please excuse my tardiness father".

He started to eat with a stern face. After the meal Helena(Jin) went to her room. After looking through the diary she found in her drawer her aussumption (of being reborn as the villainess) had been confirmed. {Helena was killed by the 2nd prince towards the end of the novel, I don't want to share her fate. I should recollect everything I know}

{Shortly after the novel starts, the Heroine Yanya arrives at the imperial academy. There she fell in love with Yusta, the 2nd prince. Helena didn't like it, so she bullied her (damaging her books, starting rumours, preventing her from reaching the toilet in time). Yusta didn't like it so he helped Yanya. After Helena attempted to get Yanya killed, Yusta executed Helena}

{From what I remember Yusta didn't like Helena, maybe I should try to break off the engagement}

Her next meeting with the prince was planned to be in 3 days. When that day came she tried to dress as plainly as possible (a simple black dress without any jewelry).

"Yusta, I think we should have a talk." "What is it Helena?" "I think we should break off our engagement, every time we meet you seem to look at me with contempt, I think it would be better for the both of us if we break off the engagement."

Yusta has a unreadable expression on his face. "are you serious?" "yes, I'm serious, you must hate the thought of living your whole live with me aswell, right?" "I'm not in a position to break it off, so you should try to make your peace with it. I'll let you cool off by yourself, don't forget the banquet next week."

With that Prince Yusta left the room and left a frustrated Helena alone in the guestroom.

{In no position to break it off, you must be kidding.There must be a way to break off the engagement} Shortly after a very specific need arrived and it gave Helena an idea.

Nine days later the day of the banquet came. Helena was styled perfectly. Her Hair tied up in a Bun, her necklace and earrings fitting the best rubies you could be. She's wearing a from fitting long red satin dress combined with blak highheels (with straps).

Helena is really nervous. She never wet herself publictly. And now she was planning to do so in the middle of a crowd. {as the prince he has to watch his own public image, so if I wet myself in the midle of the banquet he has no other choice then to break of the engagement, right?}

Helena stepped outside, Yusta already waiting for her. "Don't you think your dress is a bit too revealing?" "I like it!" (Duke and Duchess screaming in the background) Yusta rolled his eyes and helped Helena on to the carrege. {I already have to go so bad, have to wait until I'm at the banquet though}

An hour and a half later they arrived at the banquet. Helena managed to reach the banquet hall without leaking (though she had to press her tighs together for the whole way). Inside the banquet hall Yusta asked her "are you okay?" "I'm totally fine"(it was pretty hard for her to hide her excitement)

While Yusta socialized with the other attendees Helena went over to the drinks and drank a few glasses of wine. A few minutes later the people round up together. A lot of eyes were on Helena since she danced with the second prince. Yusta asked her once more "are you really okay? You seem to be fidgeting quite a lot." "Just excited, there a lot of eyes on us." "That's nothing new, you should be used to it by now." Their little chat has been interrupted by the music starting to play.

Helena started to dance with Yusta and almost immediatly started to leak. In the middle of the song Helena backed away from Yusta in quite a frenzy. A puzzled Yusta asked her "what's wrong".

All eyes on her Helena pushed her dress into her crotch and pressed her tighs as hard together as she could. Her dress darkening at an suprisingly quick rate. Two minutes later pretty much everything was out. pretty much the whole buttom half of the front of her dress changed into a dark red. The backside of her dress got wet quite a lot aswell.

Helena heard a lot of whispering, had quite a lot of fingers pointed to her, she even heard a giggle here and there. Everything went acording to plan, nonetheless it is the most embarising moment of her life. Her face almost having the same color as her dress (the top half).

Yusta extremely shocked went to her. "Excuse us, it seems my partner isn't feeling that well, we will withdraw for tonight." He grabed Helena and tried to pull her away. Her Highheels in her puddle were quite slippery though and she lost balance. She landet butt first in a puddle of her own making, soaking the dress even more.

After helping her up he managed to pull her out of the banquet hall this time. Helenas heart still thumping at a big pace {I made it, I didn't chicken out and eventhough it wasn't part of the plan it felt incredible. I wonder how Yusta is reacting}

Yusta helped Helena into the carriage. He blushed a bit. "Why did you do that!? Pretty much everyone in the banquet hall saw you wetting yourself. It'll be just a matter of time until my father hears of it. Do you think you'll have any resemblance of a reputation after today?" "I guess I won't. Seems I'm not the right person to be engaged to a prince."

Yusta didn't know what to answer so he stayed the rest of the ride quiet. Helena thought that she pretty much solved her problem, little did she know that she wasn't the only excited person in the carriage.

