Sally (1st time Omo fic)

Author: Azura

*000*2024-07-25 10:53

(hiya, this is my very first omo fic so please let me know if you have any tips or feedback, I would really appreciate it!)

Sally squirmed uncomfortably in her seat, her thighs pressed tightly together in the black pencil skirt that she wore to work that day. It went perfectly with the black blouse she paired it with, contrasting with the crimson red panties she hid underneath that nobody was going to see, but fashion is fashion, even if it isn’t seen.

She had just gotten off of a long shift working as a paralegal for a law firm she was trying to get into. Normally she had no trouble waiting to use the bathroom until she got home because she hated using the office bathrooms however, thanks to a combination of traffic, a sudden snowfall and not one, but two mochas, which kept her awake as intended, but now she was in desperate need of a toilet as soon as possible.

“I wish I went at the office, but I should be fine. Just hope this traffic doesn’t take too much longer..”

She thought out loud, the only sounds in her car being the radio playing softly and the gentle, calming hum of the air vents in her Sedan blasting warm air all throughout the vehicle to keep her nice and comfy for the time being at least…As her blue car crawled through traffic with the other vehicles like ants marching towards the colony, Sally couldn’t help but notice that her squirming had increased in intensity and she was now trying to cross her legs, as much as possible without actually crossing them.

She looked down with her eyes widening at the sight of what appeared to be a tense, round contour beneath the midnight colored skirt, outlining the shape of her bulging bladder, amazed and slightly nervous at the visual of how much she was holding inside her.

“Holy fuck, I look like I’m gonna explode…hurry up people, I really don’t want to have to clean this seat..” She said, half jokingly, if only to distract herself from the encroaching anxiety she was feeling…

After 20 more minutes, Sally suddenly realized over the hum of the warm air coming from the air vents, the warm air was not just helping her stay warm, but it was making her more aware of her body and more importantly, her overflowing bladder which felt like a bucket nearing its limit, which was confirmed when suddenly, she felt a pang in her lower regions and with it, a leak. Not a full on accident, but she could feel the wetness on her nether regions.

“Oh fuck…this isn’t good…come on, come on, come on!” She said, willing the traffic to go faster but to no avail. The goal of making it home with dry underwear seemed to be slipping away from her as the minutes ticked on and on.

A few spurts and leaks more, she nearly drifted into her parking spot of the apartment complex she lived at, not caring about the speed limit, wanting to salvage this as much as possible, her cheeks burning red with embarrassment as she ran towards the building and started up the stairs…

Two flights of stairs later that cost her a bit of her pride as she sped walked up, a hand on her crotch as casually as she could. By the end of the second stairs, she was racing down the hall, her shoes clicking on the floor with one hand holding back the inevitable flood while the other desperately searched her purse for the dignity saving keys.

“Oh god, this is gonna be a photo finish..” She muttered as the keys' teeth kissed the lock, she felt a large spurt, a final call that the floodgates were opening, whether she wanted it or not.

She bolted inside, throwing her purse on the floor, racing towards the single bathroom of her apartment as she fiddled with the zipper on her pencil skirt.

“Hold it, hold it..” She begged herself as a telltale zippp sound signaled the removal of her skirt and underwear, and with that, she threw herself towards the toilet and as her bottom hit the seat, the sound of water meeting water can be heard at a forceful rate followed by a loud, relaxed sigh, as Sally tilts her head back in relief, her legs trembling as her body released both of the mochas that had been pounding away at her for the past 10 hours.

As she sat there in silence, taking in the relief, she looked down and grew a shade of pink as she noticed her favorite red, cotton panties now had an unmistakable large dark spot on them as her golden liquid had seeped through the fabric also staining her black skirt with the same shameful dark spot, albeit less noticeable.

With her stream finally subsiding after a strong minute and a half, she let out a sigh of annoyance, as she felt the repercussions of her body betraying her in her time of need. She stood up, pulling her clothing up to see the damage fully. As she looked at herself in the mirror, she couldn’t help but feel a mixture of embarrassment, relief, but also…a twisted sense of satisfaction with herself for making it to the bathroom on time, despite all the trouble.

With a resigned look on her face, she closed the bathroom door finally, realizing that in her rush, she forgot to close it, but luckily, she lived alone.

“Could’ve been worse, I guess..” She reassured herself as she walked over to the shower, turning it on, wanting to wash away both the stress, and the wetness she felt on her body.

