Lifeguard Panic

Author: alleycat89

*000*2025-05-01 17:06

Kristin squinted into the sunlight, one hand shading her eyes, the other gripping the aluminum post of the lifeguard stand.

The wind off the ocean was sharp. Icy. The kind that cut straight through skin and danced across damp sand. But in the sun, if you stayed still, there was just enough warmth to pretend it was summer.

She adjusted the strap of her red bikini top — tiny, bright, and completely unfit for early spring duty. It clung tighter than usual today, and she hadn’t stopped shifting in the seat since the morning rotation began.

“Still alive up there?” Sam’s voice called from below.

Kristin glanced down at her co-lifeguard. Sam stood near the base of the tower, arms crossed, hoodie unzipped just enough to show the whistle resting against his collarbone. His shorts looked like a dare against the wind.

“Barely,” she said. “If I fall off this stand, just bury me in the sand.”

He smirked. “Should’ve worn the windbreaker.”

“I did. It blew off the back of my Jeep somewhere around mile marker nine.”

Sam chuckled and turned back toward the beach.

Scattered sunbathers dotted the sand — a few brave naturists basking on towels, limbs outstretched like solar panels. No swimmers yet. No one crazy enough to wade into water that probably hovered just above freezing.

Kristin shifted again, trying not to shiver.

The beach was quiet.

Peaceful.

Except… for the dull, low ache that had been building in her lower abdomen for the past hour.

She glanced toward the dunes where the seasonal bathrooms sat, padlocked and clearly not in service.

Of course.

Kristin leaned back on her elbows, legs stretched across the warm wood of the lifeguard platform, doing her best to ignore the fullness pressing just below her stomach. She’d tried to ration her coffee that morning. Tried.

Failed.

From below, she heard boots crunching in the sand. A moment later, Sam’s head appeared at the edge of the stand.

“You gonna share the view or hog it all day?” he asked.

Kristin rolled her eyes. “Fine. Misery loves company.”

Sam climbed the last rung and plopped beside her with a dramatic sigh. The structure wobbled under their combined weight before settling again. He pulled his hoodie tighter, squinting toward the shoreline.

“This place is weird when it’s quiet,” he muttered.

Kristin nodded. “It’s like the beach forgot it’s supposed to be fun.”

“Or warm.”

They sat in silence for a moment, both scanning the water, then the beach. A middle-aged man with a wide-brimmed hat and far too much sunscreen waved lazily in their direction. Neither of them waved back.

Kristin hugged her knees, shifting again. The bikini bottoms were riding a little too high — red nylon not built for long shifts or sitting cross-legged in a breeze sharp enough to sting. More pressing, though, was the fact that her bladder had started sending polite but firm reminders that the facilities were out of commission.

Sam must’ve noticed her fidget.

“You good?” he asked.

She hesitated. “Fine. Just... regretting hydration.”

Sam snorted. “Same. I’ve had to go since before you even got here.”

“Good to know we’re suffering together.”

They exchanged a smirk.

Then stared out at the cold, glittering water.

Neither of them moved.

The sun inched higher, and with it, the illusion of warmth. But nothing had thawed the growing pressure in Kristin’s lower belly. It was no longer a background discomfort. It was a quiet demand.

She shifted again on the stand, drawing her knees up to her chest and wrapping her arms around them.

“So…” she started, trying to sound casual. “What exactly are we supposed to do if we have to pee?”

Sam glanced over, raising an eyebrow.

Kristin gave a half-shrug. “Like, I get that in-season we have the bathrooms, but they’re locked. There’s no port-a-potty. No staff hut. And we’re out here for six hours. So, what’s the actual plan?”

Sam smirked. “Welcome to spring beach patrol.”

“That’s not a plan,” she muttered, squeezing her thighs together a little more tightly.

He stretched out his legs, hands behind his head. “The official policy is ‘coordinate breaks with your partner and use the nearest available facility.’ But in spring, that’s code for ‘hold it.’”

Kristin wrinkled her nose. “That’s it?”

“Well,” Sam said, grinning, “the ocean’s always an option. But I don’t recommend it this time of year unless you want to freeze yourself.”

She laughed despite herself.

But her bladder didn’t find it funny.

The gentle waves beyond the sandbar shimmered in the sun — and somehow looked more like running water than they had a few minutes ago.

Kristin shifted again on the sun-warmed wood, stretching her legs out before tucking them back under her. The red bikini she wore — regulation issue, though barely — wasn’t built for long shifts or restless bodies.

The top clung snug across her chest, thin straps digging lightly into her shoulders every time she leaned forward.

The bottoms were worse.

Cut high at the hips and narrow at the sides, they were more formality than function. They rode up with every movement, tugging uncomfortably as she adjusted her position, only for the fabric to slide again the next time she shifted. Every squirm made the material ride into her butt, and adjusting it in full view of the beachgoers wasn’t exactly an option.

Sitting cross-legged wasn’t helping. Neither was clenching.

Her bladder throbbed again — fuller now. Heavier. The warmth of the sun did nothing to distract her from the pressure low in her abdomen, or the persistent tightness of elastic against her hips.

She tried sitting on one foot. Then switching. Then leaning forward with her arms on her knees. Nothing helped.

Sam glanced over, noticed the subtle gymnastics, and smirked. “Comfortable?”

“Not even a little,” she muttered.

He chuckled, then turned back toward the water, shielding his eyes.

Kristin crossed her legs tighter.

And realized she’d already stopped scanning the waves.

Her focus was squarely on not embarrassing herself on her fourth day of work

Another gust of wind ruffled Kristin’s hair. She barely felt it.

All she could focus on was the fullness pressing downward, tighter now, pulsing with every heartbeat. Her bikini bottoms had become a vice, taut across her abdomen, offering no relief and no room to move. She was no longer just uncomfortable — she was calculating minutes.

And possibilities.

She glanced down the beach. The sunbathers were still scattered and blissfully motionless, eyes closed, toes pointed toward the sky like sunflowers.

Most of them were completely nude.

It made her idea feel slightly less insane.

She leaned toward Sam.

“Okay, this might sound stupid,” she said under her breath, “but... it’s a nude beach.”

Sam turned slowly. “Yes. And?”

She grimaced. “So maybe nobody would care if I, like... just... went.”

He raised his eyebrows. “On the sand?”

She shrugged helplessly. “Behind a dune. Somewhere not visible. I mean, what’s the difference? Everyone’s already half-naked. And the ocean’s right there.”

Sam blinked at her. “Kristin. You’d still be publicly urinating. That’s a city ordinance violation.”

She scowled. “How is that worse than being asked to sit out here for six hours with no bathroom?”

He gave a slow, apologetic shrug. “It’s not worse. It’s just on record. Lifeguards are expected to maintain professionalism. Especially when they’re the only ones not naked.”

Kristin slumped. “That’s a hell of a tagline.”

“‘Beaches and bladders: No relief, no exceptions,’” Sam said dryly.

She gave a laugh — short, bitter, desperate.

Her bladder pulsed again, stronger this time.

If she didn’t come up with a real plan soon, her body was going to make one for her.

Kristin pressed her thighs together beneath her crossed arms, trying not to wince. The gentle pressure from her own body was the only thing holding back a rising tide of urgency that refused to be ignored. Her bikini felt smaller by the minute, every seam and strap a reminder that she was trapped — not just on the stand, but in her own body.

She glanced sideways at Sam. “Okay, serious question.”

He looked over.

“What do we actually do when this happens? Like... this. Bathrooms locked. Shift not over. Bladder full.”

Sam didn’t answer right away.

Kristin watched him scan the beach — calm waves, scattered naturists, zero emergencies — and then turn back toward her.

“You wait,” he said simply.

She blinked. “That’s it?”

“It sucks,” he added, voice softer now. “Trust me, I know. But even if no one’s watching, it’s still public land. Bathroom or not, peeing on the beach’s a citation. And we’re supposed to set the example.”

Kristin’s jaw tightened. “So we’re just expected to hold it and hope we don’t explode before shift change?”

Sam nodded, not unkindly. “Welcome to pre-season staffing.”

She leaned forward, bracing her elbows on her knees. “I don’t know if I can make it another hour.”

“I’ve been there,” he said. “You think about the ocean, about finding cover, anything. But you don’t. Because the moment you do, it’s on your record. And this early in your season?”

He didn’t need to finish.

Kristin swallowed hard.

Another hot wave surged through her abdomen, a pulse so sharp it made her toes curl in the sand.

She clenched harder.

Didn’t speak.

And stared out at the water like it was laughing at her.

Kristin’s body gave her no more warnings.

No more polite throbs or dull aches.

Just... a slip.

A quiet, terrifying moment where her muscles gave out — not from a decision, but from sheer exhaustion.

She stiffened and shook.

Her eyes widened.

A sudden warmth spread low against her bikini bottom, sharp and undeniable. She gasped softly, pressing her thighs together as hard as she could, but she could already feel the damage.

A thin dribble had escaped — barely a second’s worth — but it was enough to soak into the red fabric, darkening it just beneath where it clung tightly against her vagina.

She didn’t dare look down.

The sensation was already burned into her awareness: a hot stripe along her inner thigh, a betrayal her body had refused to delay any longer.

Sam didn’t notice.

Or at least, he didn’t say anything.

Kristin sat frozen, her entire body clenched, lips pressed into a tight line.

The leak had stopped — for now — but the pressure remained, worse than ever. It was like trying to keep the ocean back with a towel.

Her heart pounded.

She couldn’t remember ever feeling so exposed.

So helpless.

And the worst part? She still had no idea what to do.

The bathrooms were locked.

The beach was open.

And her shift wasn’t over.

If her body failed again… there’d be no hiding it.

Kristin didn’t move. Couldn’t. Her thighs were clenched so tightly it hurt, but it was the only thing keeping another leak from escaping. She could feel the damp patch between her legs — not soaked, but undeniably there. Her skin burned with the knowledge of it.

She shifted her gaze, not her body, trying to look down without making it obvious.

The red of her bikini bottom had darkened slightly along the center seam. Not enough for anyone on the beach to notice… but she could see it. Feel it.

It was still warm.

Sam hadn’t said a word. He stared out at the shoreline, unmoving. Either he hadn’t seen… or he was doing her the mercy of pretending he hadn’t.

Kristin stared straight ahead.

Her heart thudded in her chest, harder than any workout she’d ever done. Her whole body trembled from the effort of holding on. The leak earlier had drained none of the pressure — only her confidence.

She looked down the beach.

No one was watching. The sunbathers hadn’t moved in over half an hour. Most had their eyes closed, soaking in warmth like reptiles on stones. The dunes behind them were empty. The parking lot beyond that? Still deserted.

And Sam...

He wasn’t even looking at her.

He was pretending, clearly, to give her space — whether from sympathy or respect, she didn’t know. But in this moment, she was alone.

Utterly alone.

Another spasm hit.

This time, her body jerked involuntarily.

That was it.

She couldn’t do it anymore.

With shaking hands, Kristin reached down. She hooked one thumb into the side of her bikini bottom and slowly, carefully, pulled the fabric aside. Just enough to free her vulva. Her muscles were screaming. She places two fingers between her lips and parted them, hoping to give her urethra easy access to empty.

She shifted to the edge of the stand, legs still together, angled slightly away from Sam.

Her breath caught in her throat.

And then, finally—

Release.

The stream burst out of her in a rush, hot and unstoppable. It hit the edge of the platform and trickled down in a quiet, almost shameful hiss, vanishing between the slats below.

Kristin let out a broken breath — half gasp, half sob. Her head dropped forward. The relief was overwhelming. Painful. Blissful. Devastating.

The moment stretched long and still, the sound of water meeting wood masked only by distant waves.

When it finally ended, she sat motionless, empty, shaking.

Sam still hadn’t turned around.

But softly, quietly, he said, “You’re okay.”

Kristin didn’t answer.

She just nodded.

And wiped a tear from her cheek.

