
Desperate Erika

Author: AmberPanther

*000*2025-02-28 06:12

Erika woke up early one morning to an overfull bladder. She had to pee. Her bladder was pressing against the bed and it filled her lower abdomen. She had drank over a liter of water overnight and all of that liquid had worked it's way through her system.

She gingerly got up only to find her roomate was showering. It wasn't unusual for her to take over an hour in the shower and Erika knew she couldn't hold a night's worth of pee that long. She decided she'd go on a short walk to the pharmacy across the street to relieve her desperation.

First she drank her morning 24 oz cup coffee. She was thirsty and even though she REALLY needed to pee she thought she could hold it to the pharmacy. It helped her wake up a bit which was helpful.

Erika grimaced as she bent over to tie her shoes. She did a quick potty dance before walking outside. Each step jostled her poor bladder that seemed to be getting fuller by the second. She began to regret drinking her coffee as she felt how full her bladder actually was.

Erika arrived at the pharmacy shortly after. She fidgeted her legs slightly as she waited for someone to come out of the bathroom. After about 10 minutes of discrete squirming Erika noticed an employee coming up to the bathroom.

"Sorry but the bathroom is out of order. We have a plumber coming but it will take a few hours to get it up and running again. The coffee shop 2 blocks from here has a bathroom I think."

Erika grimaced as the employee hung an out of order sign. "Thanks I'll go there."

Erika quickly made her way to the coffee shop feeling all that pent up pee weigh heavily on her bladder as she made her way there. The door said bathrooms were for patrons only. In her rush she forgot to bring her wallet.

Erika was now openly holding herself. All that coffee was filling up her bladder stretching it til it felt rock hard under her hand. No other shops nearby let customers use the restroom without buying something. Erika was so full now. She was leaking badly. She realized she wouldn't be able to hold it to get home.

Crossing her legs desperately she decided on the alley between the coffee shop and the flower store. Her bladder spasmed realizing that relief was close. As quickly as she could without leaking Erika squatted discretely and started peeing forcefully through her pink panties. She moaned softly at the relief as her pee splattered densely against the concrete. It took over a minute for her to fully empty her desperate bladder.

She pulled up her shorts as quickly as she could and ran home after to change. Her shorts were clearly wet.

