A Royal Decree of Disgrace

Author: Alexis917

*000*2025-02-17 22:10

Title: "A Royal Decree of Disgrace"

The Teenage Girl: Lady Victoria Ashford-Bennett

The Woman: Sharon “Shaz” Plunkett

I suppose it was inevitable. A day that began with the pleasant anticipation of a gentle salon visit quickly morphed into an absurd spectacle that I will never, ever forget. It all started as I sat in one of the plush velvet chairs of Gentlemen’s Corner Hair & Beauty, the finest salon in our quaint little town. I was there, as usual, to keep up appearances—though to be honest, my rather modest bladder had other things on its mind.

Dressed to the nines in a perfectly tailored floral dress, my glossy auburn locks cascading like a waterfall over my shoulders, and my delicate feet snug in my beloved ankle boots—adorable and ever so elegant, with little bows on the sides—there I was, minding my own business, trying to look composed. That was, until the door slammed open with such force that I nearly fell out of my chair.

A gust of stale cigarette smoke, cheap perfume, and something altogether more wretched filled the air, and in she strutted—Sharon Plunkett. Or rather, Shaz, as she liked to call herself. Oh, how can one even begin to describe her? A woman so loud, so brash, that I’m certain the entire street could hear her shrieking the moment she entered. She was a vision, if one were to find that sort of thing attractive—her skin looked as if it had never been properly washed, clinging to her like cheap, plastic wrap.

Her clothes were nothing short of a horror show: a pair of neon pink heels, bulky and boxy as if someone had decided to wrap a couple of toy blocks around her feet. Her skin-tight dress was so shiny, it resembled a malfunctioning disco ball. And as for her face—oh dear. Too much makeup, too bright. It wasn’t so much that she looked “done-up”; it was more that she appeared to have been attacked by a confused clown with a fondness for glitter.

“Oi, get outta my seat, darling,” she bellowed, pointing to the space beside me. "This is where I’m sittin’."

I blinked in disbelief as I glanced down at my boots. Did she seriously just—? Of course she did. There was no question that Shaz Plunkett would have made an entrance like a bull in a china shop.

The smell. Oh, it was nearly enough to make me gag, but I held my composure with great effort. She plopped herself down beside me, letting out a loud fart, clearly pleased with herself, and immediately launched into one of her “stories.”

“Y’know, darling,” she began, eyeing me up and down, “I’ve got fourteen kids. Fourteen, can you believe it?” She paused for dramatic effect, clearly expecting me to be awestruck by her fecundity. I raised my brow in polite disinterest, my bladder now a little too aware of its growing discomfort.

“Don’t worry about me, though. I’m pregnant again—triplets this time, love! And guess what? I don’t even know who the father is, but that’s not the point! I’m proud of my fertility! You see, it’s a sign of superior bloodline, innit?” she continued, with a look of defiance as though expecting a round of applause for this genetic masterpiece she claimed to have bestowed upon the world.

I nodded, my hand clutching the armrest a little too tightly. My body was now screaming for relief, but Shaz was on a roll, oblivious to my increasingly uncomfortable squirming.

“Did I mention my kids? Half of ‘em are chronically ill, and I get disability benefits for that, ’cause I’m smart like that,” she continued. “The rest? They’re all gonna be superstars—I’ve already signed ‘em up for big movies. Forget Hollywood, darling, they’re gonna run the show.”

At this point, I could barely keep my eyes open, but the insults kept coming, each one more repulsive than the last. She bragged about burping loudly, spitting on the floor, and flashing her breasts to “young men walking on the street” as if it were a talent.

She leaned in, squinting at my delicate shoes, clearly disapproving of their perfection. “What about you, darling? Have you ever tried soiling yourself in public? Now that’s a real woman’s skill. I’m always strutting ‘round in piss-soaked knickers, and I’ve never been more proud of it!” she cackled, as though this were some grand accomplishment.

My face turned crimson with disgust, and I could hardly breathe as her words hung in the air, festering like a bad smell. The heat in my lower abdomen had reached a near unbearable crescendo. Oh, how I longed to excuse myself from this circus, but no, I was trapped beside this creature of delusion, who seemed intent on focusing all her attention on the fact that I was on the verge of losing control.

“Betcha you’re bursting to pee, huh?” she taunted, leaning closer, her face too near for comfort. “Go on, I’m watchin’! Are you gonna flood your little boots? I bet you are.”

Each word felt like a jab to my already-frayed nerves, and my desperate need to pee was growing impossible to ignore. But no, it seemed there was more.

“I’m so good at shoplifting,” she went on, barely pausing for breath. “I get all sorts of free stuff—frozen meals, lobster, oysters, you name it. I dive right into the bins, covered in garbage juice, and eat it all up! It’s classy, darling, class isn’t about what you wear, it’s about what you’re willing to swallow. Ever done that?”

I recoiled, but the question hit me like a truck. My bladder was no longer a private matter. It was on the edge of disaster, and she was watching me, mocking my misery, as though my discomfort was a source of entertainment.

And then, the final insult. She spotted a group of young men walking past the salon and, with all the subtlety of a wrecking ball, hurled some of the most horrendous insults I’ve ever heard.

“Oi! You little princess!” she shouted at me. “I hope you pee yourself! Teach you some class, eh?”

Before I could react, she flung open the door, stripped off her pants, and flashed her backside at the poor men who had the misfortune of walking by. They recoiled in terror, clearly terrified, as they scrambled away from her. She screamed after them, her voice a war cry of vulgarity. “You don’t know what you’re missin’!”

As if I hadn’t already reached the absolute peak of mortification, she returned to the salon, once again focusing on me with that insufferable sneer.

“Your boots—bet they’re filled, aren’t they? I can see you’re about to pop.”

And then, as if nothing could be more normal, she grabbed my delicate ankle boots—those little things that were the epitome of elegance—and yanked them off with alarming force. She held my dainty feet in her disgusting hands and bit my toes. Bit my toes like I was some sort of snack. “Princesses need to be brought down to earth,” she cackled.

And in that moment, the unthinkable happened.

A loud hiss erupted from my body, and the floodgates opened. My legs trembled as I helplessly soaked the seat beneath me, a puddle spreading far and wide. Tears flooded my eyes as I tried to gather myself, utterly humiliated in every sense of the word.

“Those princess toes are tender and tasty,” she sneered, before slapping my feet hard, over and over, as she danced in gleeful madness.

I was utterly defeated. There was no escaping this nightmare. And yet, as she continued her twisted revelry, I realized—somehow, in some dark corner of my mind—that this was her idea of success. This was the world she lived in.

I sat there, dripping with humiliation, trying to wipe away the remnants of her cruelty. I knew, deep down, I would never, ever forget this day. The day I had the misfortune of crossing paths with Shaz Plunkett.

But I also knew, with absolute certainty, that this would be the last time I ever let someone like her into my life—or my bladder.

*002*2025-02-22 03:05

Sure, I might use your suggestion as a basis for another story.

