Fighting crime gets Batman hard. And one particular wet fantasy gets him off

Author: astralis

*000*2021-03-04 04:21

AU after The Dark Knight

###

Breathing hard Bruce stepped back from the unconscious form of Salvatore Maroni. Blood was still pouring from his nose when Bruce fished out his phone and called Gordon to let him know the address. His hands shook as he dialed the number. The adrenaline of the fight was still coursing through him, pulsing into his fingers, making his hands feel overheated and swollen. He waited until some of Gordon's guys got there, then took off, breathing coming shorter and sharper with each passing second.

He was barely out of their line of sight -- a filthy alleyway, not that he deserved any better -- when he leaned against the wall with one hand, and used the other to tear off his codpiece, and pull out his cock. He was already more than half-hard and had been since he'd thrown the first punch, and it was almost too easy to rip off his glove with his teeth and get his hand around himself. Precum leaked from the slit and he used it to slick his way, stroking the shaft, base to tip. He squeezed himself roughly, digging his nails into the skin. Heat pooled in his stomach. He'd never touched himself like that before, not until six months ago. But he'd done this for years.

It had surprised him perhaps more than it should have when he'd gotten into his first real fight as Batman and discovered afterwards that he was so hard he was leaking into the suit. Back then he'd had enough dignity -- or so he'd told himself -- to wait until he got back to the manor before touching himself. But over the years it had gotten increasingly difficult to stave off the urge, and lately it was just easier to fuck his fist just out of sight of the crime scene, skin flushed and tight under the suit, sweating into the Kevlar and screwing his eyes up so he couldn't see in case anyone was looking, shame coursing through him, mixing nauseatingly with the arousal. He usually came within a few pulls of his cock and then he could tuck himself back up and walk away and pretend he'd never done it.

But today it was a little more difficult -- he was running on about two hours of sleep in five days, and he had ten meetings to prepare for, so he was stressed -- so after a while of spit-slick stroking he closed his eyes, and he let himself picture things. Rachel right at first, for a little while, because she was the default and had been since he was twelve. Rachel dancing for him, climbing onto his bed, laughing, him grabbing her bare ankle, feeling the soft skin beneath his fingers -- his cock jerked in his hand, and he gasped, but it wasn't enough. Of course it wasn't enough. He knew even before it started what fantasy was coming, because it had been the same one, slight variations occasionally for diversity, for almost six months. It plowed into his shame and it served to make everything twice as hot beneath the Kevlar and the leather of the mask but he was suddenly, painfully, fully hard, and leaking so much he no longer needed to slick himself up over and over.

What he was picturing was the Joker. It was weird, the clench he got when he thought of their very first time. It had been two nights after the incident on the Prewitt Building; the Joker had escaped Arkham so quickly his papers hadn't even been fully processed, and he'd gone after Bruce where he was busy busting up a drug deal in the Narrows. The Joker had knocked him into a wall and Bruce had knocked him to the ground and in the ensuing struggle he'd gotten hard and of course the Joker had noticed. Bruce had thought he would make fun of him for it or weaponize it but he just dragged their crotches together to show Bruce how hard he was, too. He said (much later) he'd gotten an automatic hard-on for Bruce ever since the beating in the interrogation room. But at that time it was just sex.

Rough, back alley sex, every time they fought. It was better than jerking it alone. But gradually it -- became something else. Bruce admitting his other identity, because he wanted to hear the Joker say his name, he wanted to hear the shape of it in his mouth. And it sounded as good as Bruce had thought, and now it had been six months, and they were still fighting, and fucking, and chasing each other around and through and over and under this filthy wretched city, and sometimes Bruce almost thought he might be in love, and he knew that was bad. But he couldn't think about that right now, not with his cock in his hand, and Gordon's men so close their lights were flashing off the brick wall. So he let the fantasy come, because there was hardly any shame attached to it anymore -- he'd told the Joker, pretty early on, because the Joker had kind of forced it out of him with a knife, and the Joker had shrugged, and spread his hands, and said, whatever you want me to do for you, baby.

He pictured the Joker sitting in a chair. He had his thighs pressed tightly together. His hands were bound behind his back and his ankles were bound to the chair legs and it was clear he couldn't move. He was gagged until Bruce walked up and ripped the cloth from his mouth. Then the Joker said, "I have to fucking piss, Wayne, stop -- fucking around and let me go," and Bruce said,

"No,"

And stepped back. He watched the Joker shift, trying to cross his legs, trying to get his hands out of the rope so he could grip himself, ease the pressure. From offscreen Bruce heard his own voice:

"How much water did you drink before you got here?" and the Joker's response, angry:

"Three glasses, those 32-oz. ones you have... I need to stay hydrated, you're always on me about that. So -- fuck, so fucking sue me," and he gasped, and leaned forward a little. His thighs shifted and he squirmed and his mouth twisted. "I really -- fuck. I need to go, now."

Offscreen, Bruce shrugged. "You got yourself into this mess," he said, cold. "You got yourself tied up and kidnapped. You were stupid enough to drink half your weight in water before you left my house. You deserve this punishment."

The Joker's hair hung over his face in ragged, sweaty strands. At this point in the fantasy various things would happen -- sometimes it had to end here, quickly, if Bruce was in a hurry -- but tonight he could still hear Gordon's men and he was stroking himself at an even pace to try and make it last and fuck --

The Joker succeeded in getting the ropes off his ankles, because they were loosely bound. He crossed his legs and shifted harder. "Please," he burst out, and his voice in the fantasy always, always had a sharp desperate edge it never hit in real life. "I'm going to piss myself, Wayne, please -- "

"No," Bruce said again, and the Joker groaned. A dark spot appeared on his pants. He whined, and squirmed, and panted.

"I have to -- so fucking bad, you have no idea, I can't -- " He gritted his teeth. His dignity was gone. In real life when the Joker acted this scenario out for him Bruce always felt sort of guilty for it, though the Joker had told him multiple times he didn't care. He never tied him to a chair or anything, the Joker just drank and held himself and eventually he would piss. But in the fantasy there was no guilt, at least not the visceral kind from real life. There was only --

"Wayne," broken, soft, desperate, "Wayne, fuck, I -- I can't hold it..." and the dark spot on his pants grew. It spread out and trickled down one thigh. He got one hand free, and gripped himself, shoving his hand down between his legs, letting it rest there. He was squeezing so hard his knuckles were white, but the piss kept coming, in spurts, darkening the fabric, dampening his hand. He let out a low, almost pained moan, and bent forward. "Fuck," he whispered. "Oh, fuck."

"Let it go," Bruce said, quiet, commanding. It wasn't quite his Batman voice -- that would've brought him out of it too much, for some reason, he'd learned that a while ago -- but it was lower than his usual pitch, and it made the Joker's eyes snap up to his. He shook his head, frantic. He seemed to have at last realized he could stand, but when he did, he couldn't make himself stand all the way. His body was held down by the weight of his bladder. He was trembling, legs still crossed, still gripping himself hard. Piss had streaked down his legs.

"Please," the Joker said again, "I have to -- I need the bathroom, I'm having an accident -- "

"It's too late," Bruce said. "Just let go," and the Joker moaned again, and closed his eyes, and pissed. It spurted out between his fingers and through the fabric of his pants; it puddled at his feet. It spread a beautiful stain across his crotch and down the inseam of his pants and fuck, fuck, oh fuck Bruce couldn't keep his rhythm, the tension in his stomach was too much, it coiled, it shoved itself to the front, fuck, fuck, fuckfuckfuck he was coming --

When he could breathe again, and stand up straight, he tucked himself back into his suit. He wiped his hand off on a handkerchief which he then discarded (sometimes he wondered if Alfred noticed the amount of handkerchiefs that had disappeared from the house). Still trembling, still flushed, he walked back out on shaky legs in time to see Gordon off. He got in his Tumbler and drove back to the penthouse. He removed the suit and went to his private quarters and took a shower. He washed off the sweat and the come and the shame and then he went to his bed and lay down beneath the covers and looked at his phone. Four missed texts from the Joker:

### Hey, Wayne. You touching yourself? I know you are, you weirdo.

### Dunno why I said weirdo before you ask, I get off on it too. As you well know (;

### Call me when you get in. I wanna know if you thought about me.

### I wanna know what you were thinking. You filthy slut.

Bruce dialed his number before he could change his mind. It rang once, then clicked over. The Joker's voice was low and warm and amused, and Bruce closed his eyes, letting it wash over him.

"Hey, gorgeous," the Joker murmured. "You got my texts?"

"Yeah."

"So what's my answer?"

Bruce swallowed. The end of the fantasy, which he rarely pictured because it wasn't piss, and he never had time for it, was himself stripping the Joker's dirty clothes off him while he wept into his hands. There was a pull chain on the ceiling of the room which Bruce would tug, and water would pour out over the Joker's body, and over Bruce, who was always wearing the suit. The Joker would stand in the center of his arms and shiver and whine and thank him quietly, and Bruce would stroke his hair and kiss the top of his head and tell him it was all right, and didn't he feel better now, and Bruce was sorry, he was so sorry --

"Yeah," Bruce said, and was surprised at how hoarse his voice came out. "Of course I thought about you."

There was a pause, almost like the Joker hadn't been expecting his answer, which was strange, because there was no other answer. "Good," he said finally, and his voice was softer too. Almost -- but not quite -- like the fantasy. "I like that, Wayne."

"I know," Bruce said, gently teasing, and the Joker laughed.

