The Magical Peepee Bed Pt.3: Finale!

Author: abdlboy21

*000*2018-02-21 22:08

Part 1:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/42495-the-magical-peepee-bed/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1423258&embedComment=1423258&embedDo=findComment#comment-1423258"

Part 2:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/42580-magical-peepee-bed-pt-2/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1424128&embedComment=1424128&embedDo=findComment#comment-1424128"

She stares at me, wide-eyed. "This peepee tribute has made my vagina very wet! Human, I now require your seed." With yet another flick of her wand, my cock gets very hard and I feel my balls fill up with cum. Already naked, she hovers her pussy directly over me...and begins to pee. But her pee isn't sticky like a human's would be, it feels as if it's made of an oil based lubricant. Lowering herself onto me, she inserts my cock inside with her hands. Her pussy is so warm and wet, as if it's constantly self-generating lube. I can already tell I won't last long.

She giggles as she sees me try to enjoy the sex just a little longer. "It's ok! Just cum inside me, let it out right now!" I smile with relief, thrusting a few more times before shooting cum hard into her pussy. She sighs with joy as she feels me release. "Now now, I'm gonna need a lot more than that!" With yet another flick of her wand, my cock gets very hard and I feel my balls fill up with cum...again! She moves her hips as I already start building back up again. Not lasting much longer, I release inside her again with an even bigger load and shooting harder. "MORE!" She repeats this process several times, filling me back up and having me cum inside again until her pussy was literally too full to cum inside of anymore. Ipass out from from a happy exhaustion.

I wake up the next morning to a completely dry bed, no sign of anything happening at all, not even a stain. Was this all a dream?

I hear her whispering in my ear. "Your faith in me will be rewarded whenever you wish for another night of wetting!" I smile. Looks like I've gained the favor of a very benevolent fairy :)

