Blue Archive Omorashi Stories

Author: AD51

*000*2022-03-06 03:41

I've been playing this gacha game a lot lately and there's already been images of them shared on the gallery. So I figured some written stories would also be cool here. I also got a little inspired by some lines the girls said during the current event, which is a beach event. So that's where I'm at least going to start, but there's probably going to be other scenarios that I'll just post in this thread instead of making entirely new posts.

Hifumi Lost the Keys Part 1:

“Ah, now that was refreshing.” Hifumi exclaimed after she finished her watermelon. Their vacation at the beach had gone about as poorly as she could’ve expected, but at least the food was still great. The words that Azusa had mentioned before echoed in her mind once again after she was finished. Particuarlly about the part of watermelon being a diuretic.

Her bladder felt that slight twinge of wanting to go. No big deal, but knowing the fact did make her acutely aware of her body now. “I’ll guess I’ll just… Huh?” She went to grab the locker room keys. On this beach, each group was allotted their own locker room which came with its own bathroom. There were no publicly open restrooms due to delinquents and thugs making a mess of things. So it was especially a protective measure by the owners of this beach.

“What’s wrong?” Asked Azusa. “You looked troubled. Are those thugs nearby?” The white haired girl looked around her surroundings, prepared for another fight.

“It’s not that.” Hifumi replied. She didn’t want to mention her need out loud. It was embarrassing to talk about certain needs when Sensei was around. “The keys to the locker room. I thought I left them here.”

“That would be a problem if we needed to change clothes.” Mashiro chimed in on the conversation. “But I guess we can just put our uniforms over our swimsuits if need be.”

“Of course.” Hifumi nervously laughed along. She subtly pressed her thighs together. This need to urinate began to grow as a result of her nervousness. Knowing she had no easy access to a toilet after eating so much watermelon made it seem like the liquids were moving along quickly into her bladder. “Say, does anyone need to use the restroom now?”

“Not exactly possible since we can’t get into the locker room right now.” Said Azusa. “But it’s no problem, I’ve been trained to ignore my needs for long periods of time. This is no problem for me.” She also was the one aware and open about knowing about watermelon’s effects on the bladder. So she had also limited her consumption of the food.

“Right, as a sniper I’ve had to stay in my perch for hours on end without a break. This is nothing for me.” Mashiro also agreed. Though during the times when she had to hold her sniper’s spot all day for a mission. There were limits that her bladder couldn’t handle. So there were times when she privately relieved herself with a water bottle she kept for hydration purposes.

“Okay, I see…” Hifumi knew those two were weird, but did they have to be like this when it came to a perfectly normal need, she thought. “...Sensei…” As much as she didn’t want to admit her need to the Sensei. It was beginning to get bad. He was an adult, so perhaps he could help her situation out. “Huh?” However, he was nowhere to be seen.

“That’s weird, Sensei was just here, right?” Said Azusa.

“I don’t see Tsurugi either. So they must be together somewhere.” Mashiro was right, but that was the least of Hifumi’s problems.

“Well we don’t have anything to worry about the list until later tonight.” She said. These two were not going to help her, so she had to get rid of them as her next best course of action. “How about you two enjoy yourselves. This is a vacation, so just go have fun.”

“Sure.” Said Azusa. “I bet I can swim faster than you.” Already she challenged the other girl.

“Race you to the buoy.” Mashiro pointed out into the ocean and immediately the pair rushed off to their next destination.

“Phew.” Hifumi breathed a sigh of relief. Then she found her hands moving their way to her crotch to gently hold herself. Now that she was alone, she could focus more on containing herself and trying to figure out a plan now that she needed a pee.

“So what are you going to do?” Suddenly a voice spoke up behind her. It sent a major fright to Hifumi as she leapt up in fear. A small squirt shot out from the scare as she immediately went to grab herself again. Behind her was the girl she had forgotten about. Mostly because this girl wasn’t a part of their vacation group. It was Izumi, who they ran into when they went to the restaurant. “Are you all right? You don’t look comfortable.”

“I’m fine.” Quickly, she straightened herself up. Hifumi prayed her little squirt of warm pee didn’t show on her white swimsuit. Then she regained enough composure to answer the question. “I don’t know, I guess I’ll just sunbathe or something.”

“Okay then.” Izumi didn’t notice the girl’s plight with her bladder. “I should probably get back to the restaurant. I don’t know if the owner’s feeling better yet.” When she said that, it hit Hifumi with a plan. That was a place of business, surely it had to have a restroom.

“Actually, can I come with you?” She asked.

“Ah, I bet you want more of my pickle juice ice cream.” The other girl took no issues with the idea. She also was absurdly ignorant of what had happened the last time they were there, but Hifumi didn’t care. At least she’d be able to take care of her growing need.

She thought herself saved for the day, but it sadly wasn’t going to be the case.

...To be Continued.

*001*2022-03-06 11:43

Here's Part 2:

It was a bit of a walk to the restaurant, but Hifumi knew it would be worth it once she sat herself down on that toilet to relieve the pressure growing in her bladder. It was likely that she ate near half a watermelon which lead to this rapid growth in desperation. Quietly she followed Izumi, taking advantage of being in the back to hold herself when she noticed no one was looking.

“Huh, I’m surprised this place is so empty.” Said Izumi as they entered the building. “I thought leaving the place unmanned would lead to some people waiting in line.”

“Yeah…” Hifumi figured that most would’ve thought the place was closed if they saw there was no owners present. Either that or they heard from the other unfortunate souls who had to eat the abominations that girl called food. She certainly knew from first hand experience that what she made could kill. “Anyway, where’s the restrooms?”

“Oh, you need to use the toilet?” Izumi said out loud without a hint of shame. “I guess after eating all that watermelon, you’d need to pee.”

“Just tell me where it is!” Hifumi was bright red all over. She was thankful there was no one inside to hear their conversation.

“It’s just over there.” She pointed at one of the doors. It was a small business, so it wasn’t a surprise there was only one room called a restroom at this establishment.

“Thank you.” The desperate girl only planned on using the toilet and then leaving. She wasn’t worried about being a paying customer since she already suffered through enough the first time she was here. “Finally.” She sighed and went to the bathroom. “Huh?” Unfortunately when she tried to open the door, it failed to budge. “Did you lock this when you left?” Relief was denied to her just as she thought she was about to get it. Hifumi found herself bouncing a bit in desperation as she talked to the other girl.

“That’s weird, I don’t have the keys, so I can’t lock it.” Said Izumi. She went up and knocked on the door to check if anyone was inside. “Hello? Is anyone in there?” She asked, but got no response. Then she snapped her fingers upon remembering an important detail. “Oh, so that’s where he went.”

The reason why she was running this restaurant was due to the owner getting sick. Of course, she was the cause of his illness, which was due to giving him what she believed to be a mango grown black that she got from Juri. It caused the owner to pass out, but when she was gone he must’ve awoken and went to the bathroom due to the food poisoning. Given that it was quiet inside, he must’ve passed out again.

“What!?” At this point, Hifumi lost all sense of composure. Her only chance at a bathroom was just ripped from her hands. Speaking of which, both of them found themselves tightly grasping onto her crotch as she held back the impending flood. Her mind had prepared itself for release and her body was ready to follow. Now she needed to get back under control once more.

“Whoa, I didn’t realize you needed to go so bad.” Izumi commented. It reminded her of her own bladder needs. If Hifumi ate a lot of watermelon, then she had a ton. The voracious girl ate an entire watermelon of her own when hanging out with the rest of the girls. While she was no stranger to eating a lot of food with the gourmet club. That didn’t normally involve things that filled her bladder. “Huh, this is a problem.”

She didn’t appear as desperate as Hifumi. Likely because the latter had what she always called an average bladder. Everyone in the gourmet club was capable of consuming copious amounts of food, so they could handle a little more extra than most. “A-are you going to be all right?”

“I don’t know.” A wave of heat rushed all over Hifumi’s body and it had nothing to do with the summer heat. It humiliated her to have to admit that she was in the midst of an emergency she hadn’t had since she was a kid. As the girl bounced her feet up and down doing a potty dance, she needed to come up with a plan quickly. Her bladder had filled and it began to stretch out noticeably in her swimsuit appearance.

There were a ton of things running through her mind. Why did she lose the keys? Why did they have so much watermelon? As she crossed her legs, she felt like her mind was going in circles as she struggled to think with this full bladder.

Suddenly another leg shot out of her. She quickly used her hands to tightly squeeze her pussy in an attempt to prevent any more urine from escaping. In her white bikini, there was little fabric to absorb any pee. So it already became apparent with a small wet dot growing down there. “No no no.” She panicked, knowing little time was left before she would succumb to an accident.

The other worse part about losing the locker room key was that she would also be left without an easy way to change clothes. She would be beyond embarress were Sensei and the others saw her swimsuit wet from something other than the ocean waves. “Ahh!”

Just thinking about the water of the ocean caused another leak to squirt out of her tired vagina. The wetness had already made itself known on the bikini bottoms. Now some drips were working their way down their legs as Hifumi stood in horror as to what she was doing in front of another girl.

“Ah, um…” Izumi realized that this was a dire situation. She didn’t want such a nice girl in Hifumi to have an accident here. “I know!” Thinking quickly, she rushed into the kitchen and returned with a blender container. “This isn’t great, but you can use this.”

“…” It was far from what Hifumi would consider adequate for taking care of her bladder’s needs. However as a stream now forced its way out, soaking her bottoms, it was too late to care. She grabbed the blender without saying a word and pulled aside her underwear. Finally she was able to unleash the urine trapped inside. It gushed strongly into the container, making a loud shhh sound to go along with it.

Hifumi breathed heavily as her bladder finally began to deflate. The pain of close to a liter of piss begging itself to release went away. “P-Please don’t look.” Once she regained some of her senses from the immense relief. She also began to feel the shame of her actions.

“R-right, sorry.” Izumi didn’t mean to stare, but she had never seen a girl piss with such force as Hifumi was in this moment. She closed her eyes and covered her ears. “Just tell me when you’re finished.”

There was so much urine stored inside her bladder that she was still going strong into the blender. Hifumi felt that heat of embarrassment once more as she saw how much pee she had been holding back. It also took a long time, which led her to pray that no one walked in on them as they were in the eating area of the restaurant as this happened.

Finally her stream trickled off as the rest ran down her leg from lack of pressure. She had nearly over filled the blender, and she was incredibly worried that would end up being the case. Thankfully that was all her bladder had to hold as she carefully put the lid on top to prevent any spilling.

“Okay Izumi, I’m done now.” She got the other girl’s attention. Now here she was standing in the middle of this room with a container full of her pee. Hifumi felt like she could just die right now. This vacation had already gone poorly so far and this event only made it much worse. “Sorry about what just happened there.”

“It’s okay.” Izumi was a good sport about what had just occurred. Partially because given the current circumstances, she knew she would need to relieve her own bladder fairly soon. “I’ll clean everything up. You don’t have to worry.”

“Thank you.” Hifumi could feel the tears building up in her eyes as she put down the blender into the sink. This was terrible and her bikini was wet with an obvious pee patch. She knew she needed to get into the water as quickly as she could before anyone saw her or else they would know about her incident here.

“Bye! I hope we see each other again some time.” Izumi gave her a farewell as she left. “Hmm… Now what?” With her own bladder now filling up quickly, she knew she would need to take care of it without the aid of a bathroom.

