The exit 8

Author: Anonymus123

*000*2023-12-24 08:40

Juliet had just arrived at the subway station. She felt her stomach a little upset. And it was something she was looking forward to. She hadn't defecated in the last two days, she'd only managed to empty her bladder. She even tried to go before she got off work, but she didn't make it and gave up, thinking that, perhaps, when she got home she would finally feel like having a bowel movement. But she had been wrong.

When she was a couple of streets away from getting to the subway station, she felt a urge to shit, and she was already too far from her place of work, so she thought of using the ones at the subway station.

When she arrived, she desperately searched for a sign indicating where the bathroom was, but there seemed to be no sign of one. She thought maybe it was because she wasn't in the right place and decided to switch places, going into a hallway that seemed quite clear.

As she entered the hallway, her need diminished. She didn't feel so urgent anymore, but she didn't want to risk that she would suddenly feel like she was going to shit herself on the subway, especially since it was quite a walk home. So she decided to keep moving forward and avoid an embarrassing moment on the subway.

However, Juliet felt a faint chill the moment she stepped into the hallway. She kept going and saw a man pass by her. She didn't think much of it and just kept walking, as she didn't see any toilets nearby. As she turned around, she noticed a sign that said exit 0. Juliet felt something strange inside her, and not just because her bowels were churning and trying to give her a hard time. It was something different, Juliet felt something was wrong, but her need made her ignore that feeling and keep moving forward.

Turning around, she found the same corridor and the same man. Juliet felt tense and seriously considered going back and risking an embarrassing moment, for she felt that she was going nowhere and the subway would soon arrive. However, when Juliet had turned around to go back to the station, she felt the urge to shit again, but much worse than before, and for a moment she thought she would shit herself. She squeezed her buttocks and sphincter and used her hand to help prevent the accident.

She let out a sigh, relieved that it was over, but that was just a warning of what would happen if she didn't find a bathroom soon.

Juliet knew that her ability to hold on, especially the urge to defecate, was a little vague, and even more so if it was diarrhea, which she begged it wasn't that. So, having a faint hope of finding a bathroom, she kept walking.

Again a sign that said exit 0, a corridor exactly the same as the previous one, a man passing by her slowly and, again, no sign of a bathroom. But Juliet wasn't going to give up, if she came back she would have a very public accident, but those corridors seemed desolate, and although that didn't really reassure her, it made her feel that, if she failed, no one would see her.

She kept walking, feeling that strange feeling of uneasiness and discomfort again. This time, there was something different, the sign didn't say exit 0, but exit 1. Juliet kept walking, but stopped in her tracks. This time the man was not alone, there was another man next to him, and they were both standing in the middle of the corridor.

Juliet wanted to keep going, but something inside her was screaming for her to come back. She didn't know it, but something about these two men made her feel insecure and distrustful. She turned around, right where she had entered, and noticed something strange. Instead of finding the signposted hallway she had just passed through, she saw a sign that read exit 2.

Before Juliet could analyze the situation, her bowels went back to their strides. Juliet gritted her teeth as did her buttocks. She held his stomach and hunched over in pain, gasped and brought a hand to his butt, pressing hard. Again, Juliet managed to ease the urgency a bit, but she still felt something pressing against her anus.

"I need to find a bathroom soon" she though.

She made her way down the hall. This time she didn't notice anything and moved forward.

Exit 3.

Again she kept walking without paying attention to anything, her bowels felt too full and she wasn't sure how long he would take.

Exit 4. Exit 5.

Juliet kept walking, but stopped when the lights went out. The hallway remained the same, so Juliet kept walking in the darkness. When the lights came back, Juliet's heart sank at the sight of a sign that read exit 0.

"What?! But I was at exit 5, how is this possible?! " She thought desperately.

Catching a good look at the sign, Juliet noticed another one next to it. The sign said that in order to leave, she had to get to exit 8. That she shouldn't stare at the anomalies for long. That if he saw any anomaly he should turn back, and if he did not see any that he should continue to advance and not return.

Juliet was confused until she realized everything, and she tensed up too much. She had been so close, if only she had turned around when the lights went out, she would be farther away. But it was time to do it all over again, and she wasn't sure if her anus would stay closed until then. But apparently, she had no choice.

Juliet made it to exit 3 without any unforeseen events. But when she saw the man, she noticed something on his face, something strange. Juliet turned around and ran, she knew that strange change in the man's face was not normal. And she was right. As she turned around, she saw that the sign said exit 4.

However, Juliet's mild relief disappeared when a fart escaped from her anus. Oh, the farts, a sign that her poop was really close. Juliet tried to walk, but several farts came out of her uncontrollably. Even though there was no one there, she felt embarrassed for not controlling her bowels and allowing so many farts to come out like that, horribly stinking the place.

"I really need to hurry" she thought, moving into the next hallway.

Exit 5. Exit 6.

Juliet was beginning to despair. She was too close to finally getting out of that infinite loop, but her body had other plans and refused to wait any longer. A thunderous fart was just what her poop needed to get out.

"No, no, no, please no, wait, please, I'm so close" she though.

But her body refused to listen to her. Juliet, very embarrassed, went into a corner, unbuttoned her pants and pulled them down next to her panties, and bent down to let out her load.

Juliet pushed to get out the hard dough that was having trouble coming out. But at some point it seemed to get stuck, no matter how hard she pushed, her huge poop had stuck. Although she hated the idea, she was forced to use her hands to spread her buttocks apart and push harder. That seemed to work, as her poop started moving around again until it came out.

Juliet breathed a sigh of relief. She didn't have anything to clean herself with, so she had no choice but to pull up her panties and pants and leave as she was. Looking at her disaster, she was dumbfounded. There was a huge poop snake. Juliet couldn't believe that something huge had been inside her

However, she still felt a bit of weight in her intestines. But she thought she would make it to the exit, so she kept going.

At Exit 7, Juliet paused for a moment. Her intestines were twisting, and whatever was inside them was moving too fast for her liking. In a matter of seconds, Juliet felt that urgent need again. She again considered crouching down and relieving herself on the ground, but as she was about to do so, a creature came out of the wall and ran towards her.

Juliet, terrified, turned around and ran as fast as she could. She stopped when she finally saw a sign that said exit 8.

"I made it, I..."

She felt a small sticky weight on her panties. Scared and fearing the worst, she put a hand to her ass, confirming what she already feared. She had shit on herself. She still felt her intestines full, so she knew she hadn't unloaded everything on her panties, but still, it was humiliating for her to know that she had literally shit in fear.

"One more, you can Juliet" she tried to motivate herself to continue.

She made her way down the hall. Nothing unusual. But she felt her anus opening again.

Juliet hugged her stomach and leaned against the wall, breathing heavily and squeezing her sphincter as hard as she could. She was in a cold sweat and her legs were shaking. She was so, so close, she just had to walk a little further and she would finally get out of that nightmare.

She took a step, her ass letting out an overly stinky fart. A couple of steps, her stomach hurt horribly. Almost reaching the corner, her anus released a small charge, which for her was impossible to stop.

Her body froze and tensed when she saw a sign that said exit 8, again. Juliet didn't understand, It was supposed to there was supposed to be something there to take her to the exit, but not that sign.

A new movement in her bowels made her squirm. She was seriously having a hard time. She was so close and at the same time so far from relief. She grunted, and her whole body tensed. A shiver ran through her.

Juliet wasn't going to give up being so far away, so, at a very slow pace, she moved forward, looking at the details, as she didn't want to repeat that whole torturous cycle again.

She felt like her intestines were about to explode. But she knew it was close, she just had to turn around and...

Exit 8. Again.

Juliet wanted to cry at that moment. She was making a superhuman effort to hold what was left in her intestines, and the universe wasn't helping her in the slightest, on the contrary, it seemed to mock her.

Jessica made one last effort, praying to all the gods that this would be the last corridor she had to walk.

With each step she took, a fart, wetter and stinkier than the previous one came out. Juliet stopped in the middle of the hall and bent down, she couldn't take the pressure anymore. Her legs felt weak and she was sweating too much. She felt like she couldn't go on any longer. But she had to.

She stood up and continued walking at too slow a pace, her thighs and buttocks too tight. Feeling like something was threatening to pop out of her anus.

She was only a few steps away, she just had to turn around and her torture would be over.

To her great relief, she saw some stairs. Without a second thought, Juliet ran to the stairs, but before she could even climb a step, her body gave way.

"No, no, no, no!"

Juliet tried to unbutton her pants, but she was so desperate, nervous, and anxious that she had a hard time letting go of the button, as her panties grew fuller and fuller. When she finally let go of the button and zipper, she pulled down her pants and panties. She heard her poop fall violently and hit the ground. She moaned and gasped, the pain in her anus was horrible, poop gushing out along with a flurry of farts.

After a couple of minutes, Juliet felt her bowels completely empty. She breathed a sigh of relief, but as she remembered where she was and where she was going, her cheeks turned red.

Even though her pants were dark, that wouldn't take away the stench and he had to ride on a crowded transport. On top of that, by having dirty panties, the dirty feeling on her butt wouldn't go away and make her way much more uncomfortable. And there wasn't anything she could clean herself with, either.

She took a deep breath and looked up as she pulled up her pants and panties. If that was really the way out, she would have a chance to find the actual bathroom. There she would clean herself up and, unfortunately, she would have to throw away her panties. Even though her pants were a little stained, the stench of this one wouldn't be as strong. Yes, that was a good plan.

With that in mind, Juliet took a deep breath and walked upstairs, hoping to find a bathroom this time.

