Lunchtime At West Beverley High (A Beverley Hills 90210 fanfic)

Author: Arnold

*000*2021-04-25 02:23

As the bell rings to end 4th period -- Calculus Class for a pretty brainiac named Andrea -- it’s time for lunch. Today is Friday -- Pizza Day at West Beverley High -- and just about everyone is looking forward to lunch. Andrea quickly gathers up her books and takes them to her locker. But before heading down to the cafeteria, she has some urgent business to take care of first. As Andrea heads down the hall with deliberate pace, she heads to the girls’ room first. Her friends Brenda, Kelly, and Donna are already there -- checking their hair and make-up at the row of mirrors over the sinks. “We’ve got to stop meeting like this, ladies,” Andrea remarks with a smile as she heads quickly to the last stall by the wall -- the stall boarded by the wall on one side -- along a row of 9 other stalls. Almost as if on cue, Brenda, Kelly, and Donna leave the mirrors and head into stalls of their own.

As Andrea turns to bolt the stall door shut, however, she happens to notice that both rolls of toilet paper in there have already been exhausted. That, of course, forces the senior beauty to choose another stall -- the one right next to Kelly. Andrea is not pleased with that. Under the circumstances, she had hoped to have a kind of “buffer zone” between her and her friends. But the necessity of toilet paper -- especially under these circumstances -- has obviously dictated otherwise. The four girls are now in stalls all in a row.

Brenda is in the first stall of the group -- 3 stalls away from Andrea. She, after bolting the stall door shut, double checks it to make sure it’s locked securely. Privacy on the toilet is very important to her -- even when it’s only to pee. Cleanliness is also a big issue for Brenda. As is her usual practice, she meticulously lines the toilet seat with toilet paper before sitting down. She takes 3 pieces of double thickness -- placing one strip on the left side of the toilet seat, another strip on the right side, and finally, the last strip across the back of the toilet seat. It’s only then that she even goes about unbuttoning and unzipping her jeans and pulling them and her panties down. Pulling them both down to knee level, she finally does sit down and slowly begins to pee. Brenda really hates having to use the school girls’ rooms even when it’s only to pee.

Donna is in the stall next to her. She’s considerably less prissy about her toilet matters. Obviously, she’d prefer the cleanliness and privacy of her own bathroom at home, but going at school isn’t really a big issue, either. I mean, it kind of is when she has to go #2 away from home but peeing at school isn’t really big deal for her at all. And, especially today -- apparently drinking a good bit of water after gym class earlier -- she has to go with considerable urgency. Donna -- after just quickly sliding the bolt on the stall door shut -- makes a quick check to make sure the toilet seat looks clean, unceremoniously yanks down her pants and panties and just plops her butt down on the toilet seat. Instantly, she’s peeing a forceful stream.

Kelly, in the next stall between Donna and Andrea, nervously fidgets with the bolt as she locks the stall door. Privacy is of particular concern to her in the girls’ room today. She generally doesn’t think that much about peeing at school -- she does like her privacy but she basically just does it at school when she needs to and really doesn’t make a big deal about it. She simply accepts that peeing at school is something she has to do every day and sometimes even twice a day. But today, Kelly is dealing with a need to go the other way as well. That’s something that she mostly handles in the morning at home before coming to school and therefore rarely has to deal with it at school. But today is apparently a different story.

Try as she might, the pretty blonde simply could not move her bowels at home this morning. Her bowels apparently waited until 4th period -- when Kelly was in French Class -- to make their needs felt. And while Kelly certainly has had bowel movements at school before, it is something she truly dreads -- especially when the girls’ room is busy like this. Kelly checks the toilet paper supply and, as she usually does, does a quick wipedown of the toilet seat. With a nervous sigh -- and a feeling of dread -- she then takes down her pants and her fancy Victoria’s Secret pink panties and sits her pretty butt down on the toilet seat.

Now in a stall with a healthy supply of toilet paper -- the lack of a “buffer zone” notwithstanding -- Andrea goes about her business. She’s dealing with issues of urgency herself. She’s been holding it in both ways throughout pretty much all of her Calculus Class 4th period. She’s considerably more accepting of having to go at school than her friends. Sure, like everyone else, she’d prefer her own bathroom at home but even when it comes to bowel movements, Andrea simply accepts that sometimes you have to do it at school.

Andrea -- by far, the smartest of the four -- simply accepts that having bowel movements is something that everyone does and that it’s really nothing to be ashamed of. Going at school -- including bowel movements -- is quite a regular practice for her. Nobody was counting, but Andrea probably had done more bowel movements here at West Beverley High than her three friends combined. Still, it was nice to have a “buffer zone” of sorts and not have to do it in a stall right next to another girl -- especially when that girl was a friend of hers. Hence, her desire to use the last stall on the end where there would a wall on one side of her rather than another stall. But apparently, other girls were of the same thinking as that stall was frequently out of toilet paper by lunchtime.

Wasting no time, Andrea quickly pulls down her pants and panties in one big yank and unceremoniously plops her butt down on the toilet seat. Relaxing, she lets herself go and quickly begins to pee. It starts slowly, but it isn’t long before Andrea is peeing a steady stream. It’s at this point -- with the pretty blonde in mid-pee -- that she feels her bowel movement start. Normally, it happens one bodily function at a time but for her today -- apparently with having held in her bowel movement an unusually long time for her -- her bowels don’t wait until she is finished peeing.

By the time she is finished peeing, the bowel movement is already mostly out and it only takes a final, gentle push for Andrea to get it to drop into the toilet water below. That comes with a little splash and a bit of a loud fart. The sound -- and, of course, the smell -- makes it pretty obvious that Andrea is doing more than just peeing. “Sorry,” she instinctively mutters to Kelly over in the next stall. She knows, of course, that it’s nothing to be ashamed of in what she’s doing, but I guess it’s simply a matter of being polite.

“That’s okay,” Kelly tells Andrea. “When you gotta go, you gotta go,” she tells her, “I know sometimes you just have no choice but to do it here.” Kelly is, of course, dealing with a similar situation herself. She actually admires Andrea for her ability to simply do what she needs to do regardless of being in a school bathroom with less than ideal conditions of privacy and cleanliness.

Kelly, of course, surely realizes that the bathrooms here at West Beverley have to be considered pretty nice as school bathrooms go -- I mean, they’re reasonably clean and well-stocked and have doors on the stalls for privacy -- but still, it’s a public bathroom and it’s not as comfortable as going at home. But Kelly is even self-conscious about how loud her peeing is when she pees in public bathrooms. Having to go the other way in school is something she truly dreads. As Kelly does pee in the girls’ room this afternoon, she sits apprehensively thinking about that other bathroom need. As her typically loud, forceful pee slows to a trickle, she feels her bowel movement starting to force it’s way out. Instinctively, she quickly clamps that shut.

In the next stall, Donna just sits and relaxes as she pees a steady stream. Boy, did she really have to go and it feels good to just be letting it all out here in the toilet. As she feels her pee stream start to slow down, she pushes down on her bladder. As long as she’s here on a girls’ room toilet, she’s going to make sure to empty her bladder completely. The push causes her pee stream to momentarily increase in intensity again. But that only lasts for a few seconds as her bladder is soon fully drained with the pretty blonde’s pee stream slowing first to a trickle and finally to a few last drops. Donna sits for a few minutes, enjoying the feeling of relief. In due course, she reaches for the toilet paper to wipe herself dry. Unfortunately, she finds the roll in her stall empty. In her haste to get onto the toilet and pee, Donna forgot to check.

Brenda is, of course, in the stall next to Donna -- the last one in the row occupied by the four friends. Even though the pretty brunette does not have a particularly large bladder, she’s almost always the last of the group to finish on the toilet when they go for a group pee. That is, no doubt, do to her somewhat elaborate ritual of lining the toilet seat with toilet paper before she even starts. As Brenda sits and pees a steady stream, she suddenly hears Donna calling her from the next stall. “Brenda?” she hears. “Um…Brenda? -- Can you hand me some toilet paper, please?” Donna asks her. Brenda, seems a bit annoyed. “Well…You know I’m kind of in the middle of something here, Donna,” Brenda responds. Donna, in turn, is a bit annoyed at Brenda being annoyed. “Alright, you can finish,” Donna tells her, “I’m just saying that when you’re done I could use some toilet paper here, Brenda.”

“I’m sorry but I forgot to check,” Donna acknowledges. “Fine,” Brenda tells her, with a sigh of annoyance. “How much do you need?” she asks. “Just a little bit,” Donna tells her friend. “Just #1 not #2,” she explains. Pretty much by the end of the conversation, Brenda has peed her last drops. She folds up a nice wad of toilet paper and passes it to Donna under the stall. “Thanks, Brenda,” Donna tells her friend, “That’s good.”

“You’re welcome,” Brenda responds, in a considerably more friendly tone than before. Brenda then goes about wiping herself -- scrunching a good bit of toilet paper and then doing a careful wipe. She then removes the toilet paper from the toilet seat before flushing it all down. Finally, pulls up her panties and pants and exits the stall.

Donna takes the toilet paper from Brenda and carefully wipes herself as well. She pulls up her panties and pants and gets herself all zipped up and put together before she flushes the toilet. That’s an old habit of hers. One time back in junior high, she used a toilet unaware that the prior girl to use it had clogged the toilet by trying to flush down her soiled panties. When Donna then flushed that toilet -- after merely urinating in it -- the water started immediately rising in the bowl and quickly overflowed onto the floor. This caused Donna having to run from the stall with her panties at her knees on her jeans on the floor. Since then, it’s been her practice to get herself all put together before flushing the toilet. On this day, though, her toilet flushes without incident.

In the meantime, Kelly sits nervously in her stall. Her peeing has finished, but she’s now dealing with her need to have a bowel movement. But Kelly is just sitting there on the toilet holding it in. Obviously, she knows that she should just relax her control just let it happen here and now in the toilet. But she feels quite self-conscious about doing that. She knows that Andrea is doing it in the next stall but she’s not Andrea and doing this particular function at school just isn’t easy for her.

With the girls’ room crowded as it is -- especially with her friends present -- Kelly just can’t let herself do what she obviously needs to do. She, instead, is just sitting on the toilet holding it in and trying to figure out what to do next. She tries to convince herself that she needs to simply just do it now and be done with it, but that just isn’t as easy as it sounds for her. Kelly reasons with herself that she’s still trying to live down the embarrassment from peeing her pants while working for the school’s Environmental Club several weeks ago. She knows that the shaming and embarrassment will be even worse if she has the other kind of accident in her pants. Still, she just can’t summon up the courage to make herself do the bowel movement here in the school girls’ room -- at least not now.

She hears Kelly and Donna leaving their stalls and she knows -- as the saying goes -- that for her, it’s either shit or get off the pot. Quickly taking a handful of toilet paper, she dabs herself dry and gets off the pot. She flushes and quickly pulls up her panties and pants and joins her friends at the sinks. Brenda makes a crude remark about her taking so long -- something about wondering if it was #2 that was doing in there -- but Kelly just laughs it off. As the three of them go about washing their hands, Brenda happens to notice that Andrea is still in the stall. “Are you almost done, Andrea?” she calls out.

But Andrea is still taking care of business in her stall. She’s finished peeing, of course, but that’s not the only reason she’s on the toilet. And unlike Kelly, she’s smart enough to take care of that now. She’s already done a good bit of the bowel movement in the toilet, as well -- a nice, soft, well-formed “log” that effortlessly started it’s way out while Andrea was still peeing. But Andrea still feels like she’s got more to do and this time her bowels are taking their sweet time to deliver. “Just go ahead to lunch without me,” Andrea answers Brenda, “I’m going to be a little while.”

“Ewww!” Brenda reacts -- a bit childishly -- to that, obviously understanding that Andrea is having a bowel movement here in there. It’s attitudes and comments like that that make Kelly want to hold it in and wait rather than just to go at school when she needs to. It’s about then that Andrea manages to push out a good-sized mass of solid but less formed fecal matter. It’s not diarrhea by any definition -- it is completely solid -- but it’s just not a big “log” as the first part of her bowel movement was. As the three of them finish up at the sinks and head out, Kelly goes over to check on Andrea. “Are you okay in there?” she asks, “Do you need any help?”

“I’ll be just another minute or so,” she tells Kelly, “I’ll join you guys at lunch in a few minutes.” With that, Kelly heads to the cafeteria to join her friends. Andrea, of course, now feeling a whole lot better, is left to wipe herself. Her first wipe is quite the messy one. But it does seem quite effective as Andrea’s second wipe comes out with considerably less on the toilet paper. Two more wipes on her behind and one quick wipe to dry her front and Andrea is finished. Pulling up her panties and pants and flushing the toilet, she exits the stall and goes to a sink to wash her hands. A few minutes later, she’s eating lunch in the cafeteria with her friends.

Kelly envies the fact that Andrea now seems comfortable and relaxed while she, herself, is still holding in her own bowel movement. Suffice to say, Kelly doesn’t eat much at lunch.

As lunch ends, the girls go their separate ways -- Andrea to English Class, Brenda to Political Science, Donna to History and Kelly to Chemistry. Kelly is pleasantly surprised that her bowel movement now seems to be in check -- the need to go having subsided considerably. She becomes suddenly confident that she can indeed hold it in until she gets home thus avoiding entirely having to do it here in the girls’ room at West Beverley.

But as the bell rings signifying the end of 6th period and Kelly heads to the girls’ locker room to get ready for her 7th period Gym Class, she’s feeling the need once again. And she’s feeling that feeling of dread as she once again faces the prospect of having to do this bowel movement here at school. And having to do it here in the girls’ locker room -- where the toilets aren’t all that well separated from the locker area where the girls are changing -- is perhaps the worst prospect of all. But as the need to go has only come back stronger, she realizes that holding it in during gym class is really not going to be an option. Thinking quickly, Kelly remembers that there is also a girls’ room in the hallway right outside the gym and -- necessity being what it is -- she manages to convince herself that going there might not be so bad.

Changing quickly into her gym clothes, Kelly heads not to the gym itself but out the backdoor of the locker room and to the girls’ room in the hall instead. She gets there just as the passing time bell between 6th and 7th period rings and a whole lot of girls are exiting the girls’ room. Like an answer to her prayers, Kelly finds she now has the whole girls’ room to herself. Quickly grabbing the first stall she sees, the desperate blonde beauty quickly checks for toilet paper, quickly wipes down the toilet seat and quickly bolts the stall door shut. And then just as quickly, she unceremoniously yanks down her panties and pants and takes a seat. Immediately, a large bowel movement comes thundering out into the toilet. Kelly breathes a sigh of relief.

After holding it all in for a good portion of the afternoon, it was all over in a few seconds. Her big bowel movement -- a rather large pile of solid but ill-formed fecal matter -- had now, in one big outpouring, been deposited properly in the toilet. As Kelly sits and enjoys the feeling of relief, she suddenly pees a good bit as well. With her bowel movement urgent as it was, Kelly had not even realized that she had to pee as well. Quickly grabbing for the toilet paper -- not wanting to be late for gym class -- Kelly gets to work wiping herself. It’s a messy bowel movement that takes her six wipes -- and another one to dry herself -- to get herself clean. She quickly bolts from the stall (forgetting to flush the toilet in the process), washes her hands and heads to the gym. She ends up getting yelled at for being late to gym class but, all things considered, Kelly finds it a small price to pay.

In the meantime Donna finishes out her school day -- History, French, and Chemistry -- without incident and heads home.

Checking back with Brenda, the pretty brunette finds herself sitting in Latin Class 8th period with a full bladder once again. She contemplates asking for a pass to go to the girls’ room again, but it being so late in the day she decides to simply hold it in and wait until she gets home. By the end of the period, however, Brenda’s need is quite urgent and she now decides it best to visit the girls’ room and take care of it before heading home. But heading into one of the girls’ rooms on her way out to the parking lot by the gymnasium, Brenda is repulsed by the lack of cleanliness. After a whole day of toilet use by the girls of West Beverly High, the girls’ room is considerably dirtier than what Brenda typically finds at lunchtime. And the prissy senior beauty is doubly repulsed when she sees a large bowel movement sitting unflushed in one of the toilets. She reconsiders again and decides to just wait until she gets home after all.

But Brenda does have to go quite badly and as gets caught in a little traffic on her way home, she finds herself on the verge of an accident. She recalls her recent experience of wetting her pants while serving detention for using a faculty bathroom and how lucky she was to escape being found out by either her parents or any of her friends. She wants to kick herself for putting herself in this position again. And to further complicate matters, she finds herself needing a bowel movement as well. It’s not a particularly urgent need but being forced to also concentrate on holding that in, doesn’t make it any easier for Brenda to stay in control of her bladder.

Fortunately, though, she manages to make it home in time and running upstairs to her own bathroom, she manages to deposit both into the toilet. It’s a strong, forceful pee and a nice solid bowel movement of 2 well-formed “logs” of fecal matter. She feels good to get relief and especially so with it happening on Brenda’s own private toilet. It’s an easy wiping job in that it’s such a nice solid bowel movement and she is, of course, using a much higher quality toilet paper here at home than she has at school.

Andrea, meanwhile, has a meeting of the National Honor Society (of which she is the Vice-President) after school. After Psychics Class 8th period, she pays a visit to the girls’ room before heading to the meeting. This time, though, she only needs to pee. Looking for a suitable stall, she first finds two that are reasonably clean yet completely lacking any toilet paper. She then finds another stall that is well-stocked with toilet paper but where the toilet is clogged with filthy brown water right up to the rim of the bowl.

Andrea then rolls herself a nice wad of toilet paper from that stall and heads into one of the clean ones to actually do her business there. It’s a pretty routine pee that Andrea handles without incident and then, of course, wipes herself with the toilet paper. But when Andrea goes to pull that little handle to flush it, nothing happens. She tries it a few times but, for whatever reason, the toilet simply will not flush. Shrugging her shoulders -- there really isn’t much else she can do at this point -- she exits the stall, washes her hands and heads to her meeting.

