Chib: An Omorashi Fiction - Page 4

Author: Astraptera

*075*2023-12-07 06:41

{{55 minutes ago, orangelion said:

I think the drawing turned out pretty well!

}}

Thanks. ðŸ™‚ It contains vague insults to Andynes.

&&&&&&&&

*079*2023-12-07 06:48

Part 52

Cyan considered waking Yarrow and taking the emergency exit. While they sat there, Cyan leaned against the other side so they could both sit more comfortably. Cyan's bladder had been slowly filling up since before the haunted house, and what Yarrow had done was looking more and more tempting, despite the need to save up for Avi's treatment later.

Just when Cyan was starting to consider washing the headstones themself just to have something to do, the haunted house soundtrack kicked on. The car started moving again. Cyan held on to Yarrow to brace him as they creaked up the incline to the next level.

The car exited into a cobweb-strewn attic scene. Cyan had relaxed when the track leveled out, saw the twist in the track just in time, and grabbed on tighter. Yarrow opened his eyes blearily, and Cyan let go so he could sit up.

"Where-" Yarrow rubbed at his eyes with one hand and checked his watch with the other. The alarm in his manner was blunted by a big yawn.

"Is everything-" Cyan stopped to catch Yarrow's arm while they zipped around another bend. An ominous pair of double doors loomed before them. "-okay?"

Before Yarrow could answer, the floor seemed to drop out. A spooky laugh track played and Cyan's stomach dropped as they sped down the spiral. The brakes kicked in, bringing them back to a crawling pace, and another set of doors opened, admitting stinging daylight.

They met Azri and Della at the exit. Azri handed Cyan the tickets they'd paid to get in.

"Refund for the delay," explained Azri. "I've got about ten minutes until I have to go check on the girls, but I have time for one more ride."

"Can I pick this time?" asked Della.

"How long were we in there?" asked Cyan, stretching on the way to the ride Della had picked.

"Over an hour," Yarrow yawned.

"Azri?" said a high voice from the crowd. A Grisderm woman in a foxfire-green dress and moisture hood approached them. "Hi! Is Mayra not here?"

"Hi, Lady." Azri motioned for Lady to walk with them. "May and Avaris aren't here. Avaris had a medical emergency this afternoon, and May's staying with her. She's okay, May just wanted to keep an eye on her."

Next to Cyan, a look of relief crossed Yarrow's face. Lady was harder to read, but she seemed disappointed.

"I hope Avaris feels better soon," said Lady. "Who are these people with you, and why is **he** here?" Lady pointed accusingly at Yarrow, who shrank back.

"This is my child Della and my patient, Cyan," said Azri. "And it seems you've already met Yarrow."

"I got a free ticket through my job," Yarrow said defiantly. "And I came here to get dinner, not bother Miss Nucifera."

Lady glared at him and nodded at Cyan and Della. "Well, it's good to have met you both, and good to see you, Azri, but I need to get home. Would you tell Mayra that the sprockets she ordered should be in my shop by Friday?"

"Sprockets she ordered will be in by Friday," Azri echoed, "Got it." Lady left. Azri got in line for four more waters, which they drank on the way to the ride Della picked: the Beater.

The Beater was a spinning pendulum ride, made to look like a giant stand mixer, with people riding and spinning on the "beaters." Cyan and Yarrow decided to sit it out, with Yarrow holding the drinks caddy and sipping on his water.

"You don't have to stay with me," said Yarrow as Cyan watched Azri and Della's backs disappearing into the crowd.

"I'd rather be here," Cyan replied, watching the spinning beaters. "Just looking at that thing is making me nauseous." Cyan took a drink of water, remembered that they couldn't pee for about another hour and a quarter, and put it in the caddy. "Are you really looking for Avi?"

"It's for my job," Yarrow said. "I work for her family's law firm back on the Homeworld."

"You're a Nucifera?" asked Cyan.

Yarrow seemed taken aback by the question. He gave a burst of manic, humorless laughter. His hands were shaking, so Cyan gingerly took the drinks caddy.

"I'm not-" Yarrow made eye contact with Cyan and burst out laughing again. Cyan noticed that the crowd around them was starting to avoid them, but didn't mind it. Yarrow straightened and used the collar of his tank top to dry his eyes. There was actual mirth in them now. "No. I'm not related to them, my law firm just serves the Family. I'll be able to talk about it more tomorrow, after I quit."

"You're quitting?" asked Cyan. Yarrow stared at them, seeming to search their face.

"I can't talk about it until tomorrow," said Yarrow. "I can get us lunch if you um..." Yarrow blushed. "If you want to meet up and talk tomorrow, like not a date or anything. I just wouldn't mind putting off going up there until after lunch."

"That sounds fun," said Cyan.

Azri and Della stumbled over a few minutes later, their hair standing up in all directions. Azri handed Della her wallet and cell phone. "Do you have anywhere to be tonight, Yarrow?" She thrust a fistful of tickets into Yarrow's hand.

"Um...no? Why?" said Yarrow.

"I have to go check on my girls in the underwater areas." Azri took off her sweatshirt and gave it to Della, who tied it around their waist. "I won't have time to use the rest of my tickets. Meet me at the food stalls in half an hour, and we'll get something to eat." With that, she strode off toward the water.

"So, where should we spend our tickets?" said Della, looking between Yarrow and Cyan. Cyan had no idea what any of the rides were.

"I'd want to try the haunted house again, but I don't think we have time for that if it stops again." Cyan looked at Yarrow. "What about you, Yarrow?"

Yarrow's eyes lit up. "Can we go on the pirate ship?"

The three of them finished their cups of water and threw them into the recycle bin before they got to the pirate ship. It made Cyan's bladder throb, but it was worth it for them all to go on the ride at the same time. It was getting dark, and foxfire glowed under the lake. On land, strings of green lights illuminated the market square and the pier, and planters of blue-green cultivated foxfire lined the streets. Above them, odd square objects floated serenely over the water.

"The ends are the best places to sit," said Yarrow excitedly, leading the way up the aisle as they boarded.

"Hell yeah they are," Della chortled. "We each have enough tickets for one more ride after this." On either side of Cyan, Yarrow and Della put their arms up as their side rose. Cyan hung onto the bar, wishing they'd dumped the water instead of chugging it.

After the ride, Della remembered that they needed to get pictures for Avaris. The three of them wandered onto the pier, and Della brought the camera out of their backpack and started tweaking the settings for nighttime. The air raft rides had a line that started on the pier, and there wasn't currently any wait.

"Cyan? Della?" said Pia's voice. Cyan looked up: Pia and Saoirse were practically next to them. With them were a human man and girl, and a very large aquatic woman with a smaller, silver-skinned companion in the water. Yarrow paled when he saw Saoirse, who stared at him. Pia stared too.

"I've seen you before," Pia said, extending a hand to touch palms with Yarrow. He politely declined, saying his hands weren't clean. "I'm Pia. This is my partner, Saoirse." Yarrow's face reddened while Pia went through the introductions.

"And this is Della. They're Azri's child - the Amphibious lady who was with us earlier." Della waved shyly, awed by Tabbitha's size.

Yarrow swallowed hard. "You're...you're not Miss Eneko?" he said to Saoirse.

"I never said I was," said Saoirse, not unkindly. "I should've told you I wasn't. Are you here for Avaris?"

Cyan pulled Yarrow away to go on the air rafts. Della stayed behind with Saoirse, Pia, and the others to take photos of the foxfire. Della gave Yarrow Azri's sweater to wear on his arms.

"It gets cold on those things after dark," Della had told him. "I know it's not for people with wings, but it's something."

They stepped onto the raft. Cyan sat next to Yarrow instead of across from him.

"Keep all body parts within the railings at all times. The help button is in the corner panel," said the many-finned Aquatic attendant, perched on the pier while they worked the buttons. They flipped the switch to retract the ramp. "The loop is exactly twelve-point-four minutes long. Enjoy the ride."

Part 53

Avaris sat up in a small medical unit next to an empty hydrostasis tank, wearing a patient gown. Her body was bloated and somewhat numb. A certain amount of bloating and numbness was normal with hydrostasis, but this was much more than usual. She'd been in the tank for at least two weeks, she'd found out later. She could hear the doctors' voices outside, talking about her X-rays.

Unlike the first time, Avaris's head was clear. She felt good and noticed that she still had hair. It was her original hair color, a dingy pink that had mixed her haman mother's bright magenta and her half-human father's mouse brown, curly and trailing halfway down her back. As she reached up to touch it, it disappeared. She was completely bald.

"Oh **sugar,**" Avaris whined, hating that she couldn't just refrain from saying whatever she was thinking here. She concentrated and stood up in the pink uniform top, pink lotus pajama pants, and her current green hair down around her shoulders. Her bladder was achingly full, but she couldn't pee there.

Avaris opened the door. "Why not? This is a dream."

"Just don't," replied Avaris's voice over the unit's intercom.

"I'm in my bed," Avaris snapped at the speaker and wrenched open the door. It opened into her Limpet. Avaris was glad to be home and crossed to the toilet.

"No," said her own voice again. The speaker from the medical unit was on her wall. She thought that was rather invasive, and scoffed at it. "No. You can't pee now. Just wake up."

Feeling rebellious, Avaris stepped out of her pants and stood over the shower drain where her mesh cot normally sat, straddling the drain. Her pussy twitched; her urethra was burning to let go. Her entire vulva was swollen and sensitive. "Make me," she growled.

The festival passed slowly under the air raft. Ghostly green flickers of the foxfire permeated everything, accentuated by green string lights that mimicked the wavering glow. The air had a slight chill, amplified by their movement. Cyan and Yarrow huddled together to enjoy the scenery.

"You're fidgeting," Yarrow said about five minutes into their flight. "Is everything okay?"

Cyan realized they had been restless, their legs pressed together. "Sorry, I just need to go to the bathroom." Cyan wondered why they'd used that expression. There were no bathrooms fifty meters above the lake.

"You could probably just go off the raft," said Yarrow. "We have time, it's dark, and no one's close enough to see."

"I should hold it," Cyan fretted.

"If you let a little out right now, I don't think that would hurt anything. We're about to go eat," Yarrow pointed out. "I won't tell anyone, and you'll probably need to go again after dinner anyway."

The prospect of relief was all Cyan's bladder needed to start relaxing on its own. Cyan stood up, took the short step over to the windscreen, and pulled the leg of their shorts up underneath their hoodie. The cold air chilled Cyan's exposed glans and should've made them let go immediately, but they couldn't. Cyan took a deep breath and tried to concentrate.

"Would it help if I went too?" Yarrow asked mildly. "I could go, and if we get caught, we'll both get in trouble for having body parts off the raft."

Cyan said yes, and Yarrow stepped up next to them cautiously.

"I just hope this doesn't tip over the raft," said Yarrow, unzipping his fly.

"This is an industrial-grade raft," said Cyan. "They're required to be stable under tons of weight."

Yarrow sighed and let go, whizzing straight down into the dark. It helped Cyan let go, but it didn't last long: the memory of Yarrow desperately rinsing the dust off the faux headstone and Yarrow's current strong stream caused unwanted swelling in the incomplete shelter of Cyan's shorts. They pulled the fabric down further to hide it.

With a lot of effort and concentration, Cyan managed to relieve the worst of the pressure. Meanwhile, Yarrow stretched contentedly next to them. The constant, steady stream gradually slowed to a drippy trickle, and he zipped up nervously before he stopped dripping.

The pier was in sight when Cyan and Yarrow sat back down, Yarrow clasping them both in his wings to keep warm.

Azri wasn't there when Cyan, Yarrow, and Della reached the food stalls. Della snapped a photo and turned back to Cyan and Yarrow. "Mom and I already know what we're getting, so I'm gonna hop into line. Do you know what you want?"

Next to Cyan, Yarrow's stomach growled. Cyan quietly agreed.

"I don't know what any of this is," said Cyan. More people were milling around than Cyan ever remembered seeing, and they were quickly piling up in the lines.

"I know what I want," said Yarrow. "Do you like curry?"

Cyan and Yarrow waited in line at another food stall, and Yarrow bought them each a lidded cardboard cup of bright green curry, a covered plate of rice, and a large cup of fruit-flavored water. They claimed a table next to the water on the pier, and about ten minutes later Della sat down with them, carrying a large bag and a small bag. They set the large bag on the table and opened the smaller one.

Cyan imitated how Yarrow combined his curry and rice and tried some. It was spicy even though it was marked for the lowest spice level, and they liked it. Yarrow had apologized for the lack of spice when he'd ordered for them, but Cyan didn't understand why.

"Wait a second," said Della over their bright green pasta. "Yarrow, did you pay for Cyan?"

Yarrow's mouth was full, so he nodded. Next to the table, something popped up out of the water. It was Azri's head. Under the waves, it was plain that Azri was naked.

"Oh, you got the food already!" Azri said as though she wasn't floating naked in the water next to their table. Yarrow covered his eyes in a manner intended to be respectful. Neither Cyan nor Della did, though. Somehow, Cyan knew it was normal for Amphibious people to be naked underwater. The Amphibious people in the above-water areas mostly wore towels, simple robes, or festival sweaters.

"I'll be up in a minute," Azri told Della. "How's the line at the bun stand looking?"

Della shrugged, finished slurping their noodles, and swallowed. "Long, but moving."

Azri nodded in the water. "Good, good. I'll be up in a minute." Her head bobbed below the water and she swam away under the pier.

___________________________________________

Two chapters and a speedpainting of Avaris.

&&

*081*2023-12-07 19:21

{{7 hours ago, StanleyH2O said:

That advertisement looks so much like a composite of the area I live in! Well, in my life a limpet is a small single-shelled mollusk found in tidal areas. But the painting has a totally homey feel to me.

}}

Thanks. It probably is. ðŸ˜› The Limpet is kind of a cross between that double-hulled "Sea Shadow" stealth ship, the mollusk, and the Kalakala. May and Pia's airships (they're Silverling models, which the painting mentions) look a lot more like the Kalakala than the Limpet does though.

*083*2023-12-08 03:33

{{3 minutes ago, StanleyH2O said:

Yes. When I was young the Kalakala ferried automobiles across the waters your painting reminds me of. News projected humans would leave footprints on mars around 1985.

}}

That was before my time, but I used to pass by it in a little boat with my family in the 90s when we went to watch the fireworks every year. I didn't learn about it until later, but it was fun to speculate about. I've heard they split it up and one of the pieces is out at Alki.

*084*2023-12-08 19:32

Part 54

Azri stopped by the table to get her wallet, shivering in her t-shirt and shorts, and paused to ask Yarrow, "Is that my sweater?" Yarrow started to take it off. "Keep it on for now, just please don't spill food on it." She headed off to the bun stand's line.

"So uh...are you Azri's child too?" Yarrow asked Cyan. "She introduced you to Miss Jenkins as her patient."

Cyan had no idea how to explain it, so Della filled in: "Do you remember Pia?" prompted Della. Yarrow nodded. "Pia found Cyan a few weeks ago, and she called my mom about it. Now she's his doctor."

"So..." Yarrow took a big bite of rice to give himself time to think. "You were...found?'"

"She bought an airship part with a hydrostasis tank," said Cyan. "I was in the tank."

Yarrow looked Cyan up and down and asked, "How long were you in the tank?"

"We're still trying to figure that out," said Cyan.

Della added, "Mom's tracking the serial number."

There was a lot of talking while people were eating, and Cyan observed that it was impolite...but couldn't figure out what was impolite about it. It was another one of those thoughts that weren't Cyan's. They watched the people around the food stalls while they ate, and Della and Yarrow discussed odd place names.

"It's called Chocolate Smudge," said Della. "In my history class, my teacher said that it was named because the overland map maker let some chocolate melt on the map, wiped it off, and explained it to her boss as 'chocolate smudge.'"

"That's not that weird," said Yarrow, drinking some water. "I was born in a town called 'Mysterious Shirt.'"

Della stood up with their empty plate. "Why do they call it that?"

Yarrow widened his eyes theatrically. "Nobody knows."

"How mysterious," Della laughed. "Are you done with the rice containers?"

"Where are you going?" Cyan felt like they were disregarding the social standard by speaking up. It felt good, despite not making any sense.

"Taking my plate to the bin," said Della, reaching over to take Cyan and Yarrow's empty containers. "I'll take these while I'm at it and check on Mom on the way back."

"Is this food from your homeworld, Yarrow?" Cyan asked while Della walked away.

Yarrow shrugged. "Everywhere has their own version of curry. I think this is local: the food stand we ate at has a larger location in Nilbog."

"Can we go there for lunch sometime?" said Cyan. Yarrow turned pink, but he was smiling.

Della interrupted him by returning to the table. "Did either of you see where Mom went?"

"She's not in line?" Cyan asked. Yarrow froze, looking into the crowd, and Cyan followed his gaze. "Oh, there she is."

Azri was approaching at a brisk walk, looking right at Yarrow. Cyan was used to her normal intense expression, but Yarrow wasn't. He shrank in his seat with his spork in his mouth. When Azri reached the table, she set a bag on it and turned on her heel to hurry to the bun stand. She came back about thirty seconds later with two large bags of buns.

"I got a dozen," said Azri. "And you remembered to get May's food! Thank you!" Azri kissed Della on the cheek and sat down to eat. "Cyan, Yarrow, what's in that bag is for you two."

Yarrow gave Cyan a hunted look. Cyan didn't know what it meant and shrugged.

"Can I have the bag after you open it?" asked Azri.

"Sure," said Cyan, and cautiously reached into the bag. Inside was a black and green sweater, identical to the ones Azri and Della wore, with a large hole in the back. It only took Cyan a few seconds to realize what it was, and they handed it to Yarrow.

Yarrow took the sweater. "They make these out here?" He ran his hands over the border around the sweater's wing closure.

"We have some Andynes and Anth around here," said Azri. Yarrow took off Azri's sweater and gave it back before putting on the new one.

"Thank you," said Yarrow. Next to him, Cyan took out another sweatshirt. It had a back, and Cyan pulled it on over their hoodie.

"You shouldn't have-" Naleini half-belched. "-to."

Pia fidgeted. The festival had no officially designated public bathrooms. She'd liked the fruit water a little too much, and now it was coming back to bite her. "I never know which businesses have their bathrooms open. It's part of why I don't usually come to the festival."

"There's a-..." Naleini paused to inhale. Their voice was becoming rougher, sounding more and more like a burp as they spoke more, but they seemed to be having a good time despite that. "-nature area by the pier. Amphibious people go there to urinate. It is close, and no one will charge you. You-...-just have to climb the railing by the food stalls."

"I'll go too," said Saoirse. She held her hand out to Pia. Naleini pointed out the area, a wedge of forested lake shore between the pier and the edge of Segoe's ferry terminal. The quickest route to their destination directly passed the bun stand, and Pia decided to try and blend in with the crowd. Bun, Pia's former coworker, wasn't even there. Saoirse helped her over the railing.

Pia hurried downhill toward the water, found a spot in the shadows under the edge of the pier, lifted her dress, and squatted next to one of the concrete supports. Nothing came out. Saoirse settled nearby in the darkness, and Pia heard quiet rushing, punctuated with splashes.

"Having trouble?" Saoirse whispered loudly over the hum of the festival. There was an offer in her tone.

"Is it that obvious?" Pia sighed.

"Only by scent," said Saoirse. She finished and slinked over to Pia in the dark, brushing Pia lightly. "You've been unusually amorous today." Her tail flicked Pia's inner thigh, and Pia felt Saoirse's breath on the side of her face.

"What if someone sees?" whispered Pia, shivering as Saoirse kissed her neck.

"Throw your skirt over my head," Saoirse answered in her ear.

"We can't do oral here," Pia breathed. "I'll get your clothes all wet."

"My hand then?" suggested Saoirse. "That's much easier to stick up your ski-"

"I know, I know, I'll be right back!"

Pia's arousal dried up all at once. The voice came from somewhere above. A person dropped over the railing right above them, landing clumsily on the ground next to the pier. Pia could only really see a silhouette against the night but knew who it was.

The person stood up, yanked aside his knee-length apron, pushed out his hips, and stood there. A reluctant flow started, and Bun relaxed his shoulders.

"Come on, not now," Bun groaned at himself and took a deep breath.

Pia tried to exchange a glance with Saoirse and couldn't see her well enough to do that. Saoirse stood aside slightly, and Pia felt the tingle that meant she was about to let go.

The splash slapped on the dry ground, amplified by the stone and timber pier supports. Bun flinched and almost turned toward them.

"Whoa, Bun, we're over here," said Saoirse.

"How do you..." Bun shuffled back and almost tripped over a tree root. "Who are you? How do you know my name?"

"Can you see us?" Saoirse asked calmly.

"No. I swear," said Bun, panicking. "I haven't seen anything, and I don't have any money."

"I'm not trying to rob you," Saoirse snorted. If Pia focused hard, she could make out Saoirse's faint outline leaning over her. Saoirse slid her fingers down Pia's belly, stopping just above her vulva, as if to aim the flow. Pia answered that by spreading her legs wider. Saoirse moved the stream from side to side. "You're just standing kind of close."

Pia wasn't sure what made her do it, but she spoke up. "Hi, Bun."

Bun gasped, "Cassie? Is that you?"

"It's me," said Pia.

"I...you...I didn't think I'd meet you out here," stammered Bun. Pia's eyes were getting more acclimated to the shadows, and Bun's shadow stood out in sharp relief. He was having a long piss after what would've been a long day running a busy food stall on the pier. "I'm so sorry. The door was my fault."

"It wasn't your fault, Bun," said Pia. Saoirse brushed her finger over Pia's clit. Pia squirmed and fought to keep her voice flat. "They were already looking for an excuse to-..." Saoirse got a gasp out of Pia, which Pia turned into a fake cough. "To let me go."

"I'..." Bun hesitated. He finished and tried to discreetly shake off. Neither he nor Pia quite seemed able to see down there, but Pia knew that Saoirse could. "It's great to see you again, Cassie, but I need to get back. Can we maybe meet up for lunch tomorrow? I know a good Andyne restaurant here in Segoe."

"Hyachna's Shins?" said Pia. Saoirse liked Andyne food and gave Pia's clitoris another gentle stroke. It made Pia push on her bladder and spray harder. "M-May and I eat there on long days out sometimes."

"I'll um...I'll buy," Bun offered. "For you both. And you can meet my partner, Montip. Is noon alright?"

"Would one-thirty work for you?" asked Pia. Her flow was slowing, and Saoirse gently stroked the outer labia.

"That would actually be better," said Bun, already moving up the slope and tying his apron. "If you like, you two can use the handwash station at my stall."

Bun's shadow climbed out of sight and Pia let Saoirse play with her stream until it ceased. It felt good, but Pia decided to wait. "It's your birthday celebration. You can do what you want, but let's wait until we get back."

"Can we do it in the orchard?" Saoirse whispered. She took Pia's hand and led her into the relative light of the nature area. They took Bun up on his offer and washed their hands at the food stall before going back.

_____________________________________________________________________

For once I have art done. I didn't know what I wanted to do so I did what anyone would do after listening to large amounts of NSync and said, "It's gonna be May." I meant it to take an hour and it took like an hour and fifteen minutes. Not bad for having no idea what I was doing at the start, but not my favorite one of her either.

Next chapter is that pic I've wanted to use for like 30 parts. The text turned out not being quite the same as the pic, but I finally got to it!

*085*2023-12-08 20:05

Part 55

Yarrow walked with Cyan, Azri, and Della back to the floating docks, and stood outside the runabout.

"So um...how do you know Miss Nucifera?" Yarrow asked. He was warm in his new sweater but still stood close to Cyan.

"She's staying at the dockyard," said Cyan, shrugging. "We're good friends, and I give her scar treatments a few times a day." That reminded Cyan of how badly they needed to pee again, and they glanced around. They were glad to see Pia and Saoirse walking up the dock, though that meant that Yarrow would have to leave shortly.

"Would you like to come with us and meet her?" asked Cyan. "We're already taking Azri and Della back to Segoe after we check on Avi, and they could drop you off."

Yarrow paled. "Well...if I get to stay with you longer, yeah. Are you flying the ship?"

"We'll have to ask Pia, but I think she'd be okay with it," said Cyan.

"Ask me what?" said Pia. She and Saoirse each had a fresh festival bun.

Azri took the radio seat for the way up and slung the headphones around her neck. It wasn't essential for such a short trip, but she'd decided to keep an ear out anyway. Cyan sat with Yarrow, Della, and Azri in the passenger seats. The ride was short and quiet, and Cyan could feel Yarrow rocking back and forth next to them.

"You okay?" Cyan asked quietly. Yarrow nodded. Della looked at Saoirse, and there was an entire conversation in the slight rise of Saoirse's eyebrow and flick of her ear.

Pia set down the runabout at the spot next to Avaris's Limpet, and Cyan tried not to act too desperate to pee when they all disembarked.

Avaris woke to what sounded like a shower splashing on tile, but when it stopped she quickly realized it was her. She sat up and opened a new can of sugar soda. Her eyes settled on Mayra, sitting at the kitchen table with a book of word puzzles.

"Feeling any better?" Mayra asked sympathetically, her face pink.

"Yeah. I'm sorry you had to see that." Avaris tried for a self-effacing laugh, choked on a swallow of soda, and the resulting cough pushed out more urine, soaking the back of her clean nightdress. "And that," she hacked.

"Azri called a few minutes ago. Everyone should be heading back here just now," said May. "Azri told me to tell you that she got you some festival buns and Della took a lot of pictures." She picked up her bag from Desiderata's and set the book of word puzzles in it.

"What did you get from Desiderata's?" Avaris yawned.

Mayra sighed. "I don't think it's mine, but I might as well show you." She took out the book and opened the dress box inside.

Avaris's eyes widened. "Well, that explains a few things."

Cyan stood behind Azri as she knocked at Avi's front door. Yarrow was shaking, nervous about something, but Cyan was too busy concentrating. Relief was just on the other side of the door, and urine leaked into the fabric of Cyan's shorts in a slow, persistent drip.

"You should treat her first," said Azri, leading Cyan up to the doorstep. "This probably goes without saying, but you're to stay out here for that, Della."

"I know," Della snorted. "I'll wait."

Mayra opened the door. "Very good," Azri said and turned to address Mayra. "Hey, May-May. We got you some of that festival pasta you always get and about six buns."

Mayra stepped out to kiss Azri. "That sounds amazing. Let's get this done so I can get at those sweet emotional support carbs." Mayra stepped aside for Cyan to enter, and they found Avi sitting up on her cot. Azri entered behind Cyan, and Mayra eased the door shut behind them.

"Looks like you're ready," said Avi, standing up shakily. Azri caught her arm and steadied her. Cyan followed, raising the front of their layers of sweatshirts. The drip in Cyan's shorts had become constant, and they could feel themself slowly losing control.

"You should probably sit down for it this time," said Azri, and helped Avi over to the toilet. Avi sat down and unbuttoned the wing closure on her nightdress.

Cyan couldn't wait once Avi had her dress off and shuffled up, pulled down the front of their pants, and located the scar on Avi's hip. The blue urine seemed to come out without Cyan's input, but once it did, the tension left their muscles. It tinkled sporadically in the bowl.

"How was the festival?" Avi asked. Cyan tried not to look at how pink and swollen her vulva was.

"It was fun," Cyan sighed. "I didn't get to look for the pot though, because we got stuck in the haunted house ride for an hour."

"That's okay. I'll see what I can find next time I go to Nilbog-"

The front door opened and Saoirse's voice echoed in the front room. "Yarrow, no-"

A young Andyne man with gray-blue hair, gull-like wings, and a foxfire sweater entered, followed by Saoirse, who looked mortified. Cyan turned to look over his shoulder, absentmindedly aiming the rushing blue stream right at Avaris's exposed clitoris.

"This um..." Cyan's face flushed blue.

Avaris tried to say something, but she suddenly couldn't catch her breath. Things were happening a lot faster than usual, and all Avaris could do was pant while her body tensed and twitched. The orgasm hit her like a train before she was ready and she came almost silently, naked on the toilet in front of at least three people, one of whom was a stranger.

In the throes of the contractions, Avaris felt more tension building up. She couldn't catch her breath and was helpless to stop it.

"Is she alright?" asked the stranger.

Avaris came again. The second time was less intense, and she could feel herself slowly getting her breath back. Her pussy pulsated hotly, and her body relaxed when Cyan's flow slowed and stopped directly hitting her.

Cyan seemed frozen and didn't notice what was going on until Avaris gave a small grunt and her bladder let go onto his legs.

"Avi?" Cyan said faintly. "Are you okay?"

Her body still twitching, Avaris nodded. Behind Cyan, Saoirse ushered out the gull-winged stranger. She came back to check on Avaris.

"You alright, Avi?" Saoirse asked, standing next to Avaris's bed. Avaris gave her a confirming wave of the hand, smiling to emphasize that she was, in fact, okay.

Azri brought a clean nightdress out of the bedroom, set it on Avaris's bed, and went over to check on them both. Cyan was frozen in panic, and Avaris was panting and shaking. "What did I miss?" she asked casually.

________________________________

I drew this in something like November of last year, and have been meaning to get to it in the text ever since. It's referenced off an image from a vintage comic, and it's where one of the pics on Avi's "character sheet" is from. The thing didn't really turn out like the drawing but I'm okay with it.

&&

*087*2023-12-14 09:39

Part 56

"A lot," said Della, scrolling through the photos on the digital camera. Pia and May watched over their shoulder: there were about forty photos, and a dozen were group pictures. "I was gonna ask if I could use her network connection to email them to myself as well. I could use them in my photography class."

Della backed out to the main screen of the camera, where a man and a woman posed against an evergreen forest, squinting in the sunlight. The woman was Haman, short and curvy with bright magenta hair and vertical priesthood stripes beneath her upturned eyes; the man was a head taller than the woman and looked human, with curly brown hair and an odd, goofy face.

"Who are they? Someone from your school?" Pia asked Della, feeling silly for asking the second it left her mouth. The camera was Avaris's.

"They're Miss Nucifera's parents," said Yarrow dazedly, walking up behind them.

Della looked up at Yarrow. "Is she adopted?"

"No. Her father just doesn't have wings. That happens sometimes in half-humans."

Della switched off the camera. The Limpet's front door opened and Saoirse sidled out, crossing the walkway to stand next to Pia. As she passed Yarrow she gave him a sympathetic pat on the arm.

"Is it okay to go in?" Yarrow asked Saoirse.

Pia couldn't see Saoirse blushing, but the way she swished her tail indicated that she was either nervous or embarrassed. "Not um...give it about two minutes."

"Not for business, I hope?" said May, eyeing Yarrow. "Saoirse and Lady told me about you. You seem to be who you say you are, but Miss Nucifera is my guest, and the dockyard is closed for business until tomorrow morning."

Yarrow pulled his wings in around himself. "I'm not doing that anymore. I'm quitting. I just want to meet her."

"You don't have a creepy crush on her, do you?" May asked, narrowing her eyes. "Because if that's the case I'm expelling you from my property here and now."

"He doesn't," said Della, twitching their ears at Saoirse, who nodded confirmation to May.

In the Limpet, Azri swept the stray urine down the nearest fish-shaped drain with a rubber squeegee while Cyan helped Avi back to the cot. She pulled on her clean nightdress. It was jade green, slightly lighter than her hair. Seeing Avi red-faced, panting, and shaking like that had been alarming at the time. It was still a little alarming after Azri explained what had happened.

"It's great for her circulation," said Azri, washing her hands. "It should help her recover faster too."

"It's not even a bad thing, Cy. I've been worked up since this morning." Avi paused while Cyan grabbed a chair from the table and brought it over to sit by the cot. "I actually feel a lot better now. Who's what's his name...Mallow?"

"It's Yarrow," Cyan corrected.

Azri handed Avi a paper bag containing one of the festival buns. "If you don't want to see him I'll turn him away for you."

Avi gave a deep sigh. "I knew I'd have to talk to him sooner or later. Does he seem like a creep to either of you?"

"I don't think so," said Cyan, trying not to blush.

"Nor do I," contributed Azri. "And if he is, I'll be here to help May remove him."

Azri let Yarrow in, and he brought another chair over to the cot, facing Avi's bed. He gave Cyan a jerky, nervous smile and sat stiffly with his hands clasped in his lap.

"How long have you been following me now?" yawned Avi.

"About two and a half months, since before your family announced your great-grandfather's death publically," Yarrow said. "Your family...I was...The paperwork I had..." He floundered.

Avi scooted up on the cot and placed the fingertips of one hand on Yarrow's knee. The gesture was Haman, and Cyan wasn't sure how they knew that.

"It's the name redaction paperwork?" asked Avi.

Yarrow paled, looking guilty. "You knew about it?"

Avi nodded. "Honestly, I was just hoping you weren't here to revoke my allowance."

"No, that's increasing the normal yearly amount," said Yarrow quickly, setting his jaw. "I'm-...I'm not giving you the NR paperwork though. I got it shredded in Nilbog this morning."

"Why?" asked Avi.

"Well if I just throw it away, those papers have sensitive personal information-"

"No, I meant why do you have a problem giving me the paperwork?"

Yarrow balked. "I um...I know what you had to do to earn your family name. I was working toward my family name when I started this untitled goose chase looking for you. It makes me sick to know that they can just revoke someone's name like that, especially after what they put you through."

"Yarrow, my last name is a sham. I didn't even do a full flying trial," said Avi, patting his knee. "And even then they gave me a pass out of sympathy because I passed out mid-flight."

"It wasn't a sham," said Yarrow quietly, but with a glimmer of professional confidence. "It may not have been the traditional route to attaining your name, but there's no question that you earned it."

Avi shrugged. "I fainted in the air and woke up a few weeks later when they took me out of hydrostasis. I don't think that counts as-"

"It's not just that," Yarrow interrupted. "It was the surgeries. And all those treatments. And you didn't pass out during your trial. You died. For over a week! I read it in your records!"

For a long moment, there was ringing silence in the tiled room. Mayra was the one who broke it, opening the door and peeking inside.

"Is everything okay in here?"

"We're fine," said Avi. "Thank you, Miss Mayra."

When the door closed, Avi looked at Yarrow. "That...would explain a lot, actually," she sighed.

Since Azri's other children were staying the night with friends, Azri and Della decided to stay at May's that night. Pia and Saoirse left with them; they'd offered to fly Yarrow back to the inn he was staying at, and he'd assured them that he could walk down from the dockyard. Cyan and Yarrow stayed with Avi after the others left.

"Just don't fly down," May had cautioned Yarrow. "The trees are hard to see in the dark."

An hour later, Avi sat at table next to the door, going through the evening's photos on her laptop. Cyan sat next to her and Yarrow was across from them, his head resting on his arms. Each of them had at least one can of tea; Avi had to keep up her sugar intake, and Yarrow and Cyan drank it to stay awake.

"Would your parents want the group pictures?" yawned Cyan. Avi tried not to yawn after them and failed. The yawn didn't pass on to Yarrow: he was already dozing off.

"I'll decide on that tomorrow," said Avi, stretching. "It's almost midnight and I'd like to go to bed. Do either of you have any reason you're here so late?"

Cyan bit their lip. "Uhm...Pia and Saoirse are celebrating Saoirse's birthday and I was hoping to get back late, after they um..."

Avi yawned again. "After they go to sleep?"

"Y-yeah," yawned Cyan. "Yeah, that."

"What about you, Yarrow?" asked Avi.

Yarrow sat up muzzily with the pink impression of his watch pressed into his cheek. "I'm just happy to have company," he said, focusing on his watch. "I can leave any time if you wish."

"If you want you two can sleep in my bedroom," said Avi. "I sleep in here. You can use the bed if you want, and I have spare cots and blankets."

"Wh-what about-" Yarrow stopped to yawn into his elbow, spreading it to the other two. "What about the bathroom situation?"

"I have a shower screen. It's clear, but we can hang some towels over it for privacy," Avi yawned and closed her laptop.

Cyan stood up to start their and Yarrow's sleep setup and finally felt how full their bladder was. They couldn't believe they hadn't noticed it before. "Do you mind if I pee outside first?"

Avi stood up. She seemed weak, but she was much steadier than before. "You go ahead. I'll start with the shower screen and fold out the bed. Do you need to go too, Yarrow?" Yarrow's face turned bright red, but he nodded slowly.

Cyan led the way out the door.

"How badly do you need to go?" Cyan asked. Yarrow followed them down the boardwalk.

"I could hold it until morning if I really had to, but I'd rather not. Why?"

"Want to go out to the overlook dock? Azri told me that the festival lasts until dawn in the underwater areas."

The night was clear and bright enough to find the isolated dock with relative ease. Since there wasn't any wind, neither Cyan nor Yarrow had any qualms about standing on it.

Below, the eerie green glow of the foxfire smoldered gently around and under the lake. They could hear the throb of music far off from the pier as the late-night festivities ramped up.

Cyan pulled down their waistband at the railing. They noticed that the top rail was at the perfect level for them to rest their dick on, but decided it was too splintery for that and aimed down through the rails instead. Yarrow did the same thing, splashing the boards he stood on before the flow sped up and arched off the tip of his small penis, through the railing, and down into the darkness. He gave a long, low moan in the back of his throat that gave Cyan butterflies in their stomach.

It took Cyan a few tries to get their flow going. It didn't help that Yarrow was watching, but Cyan found that they didn't dislike it.

"So um...are you and Miss Nucifera..." Yarrow looked away self-consciously and stared at the lake below. "Your 'treatments.' What are those for?"

"We're seeing if I can help reduce the scarring," said Cyan.

Yarrow glanced over. "By...urinating on it?"

"Yeah." Cyan stole a look at Yarrow. Cyan's own flow was slowing, but Yarrow's wasn't. "It's hard to explain, but I think we're making progress. If you like I can show you something tomorrow morning."

"I don't have to watch the um...procedure, do I?" sighed Yarrow, stretching his wings behind him.

"It's not that," said Cyan. They paused when Yarrow noticed his flow slowing and stepped closer to the railing to compensate. "Can you keep a secret?"

"Only if-" Yarrow stretched his arms and yawned, "Only if it's not hurting anyone."

Cyan told Yarrow.

"Oh," Yarrow leaned forward on the railing. He was almost finished and let himself drip on the boards. The music from the festival took on a faster cadence, and some sort of string instrument wailed a tune.

"It's what Avi and I need the pot for," said Cyan.

"The way you talk about it makes it sound like you're looking for drugs," Yarrow snorted, resting his head on his forearms. "Thank you for including me tonight. I had a wonderful time."

"Even when the haunted house broke down?" Cyan asked jokingly.

Yarrow stood up straight and shook off. "Well..." he said delicately. "I enjoyed it. I'm sorry you had to see it though."

"I didn't mind," said Cyan. The two of them turned and started back to the Limpet at a leisurely pace. "You must've needed it."

"You have no idea," Yarrow sighed with a hint of moan that made Cyan's stomach flutter again. "Watch your shins," he added while they skirted the stairs up to the boardwalk.

The music's tempo seemed to change and Cyan stopped to listen.

Yarrow stopped next to Cyan. "You hear it too?"

Cyan nodded. The sound was high-pitched and repetitive, and it rose in pitch while Cyan listened. When Cyan realized that it was coming from the wrong direction, they took Yarrow's hand.

"I know what it is. Let's get back," said Cyan quickly. Yarrow didn't seem to understand, but let Cyan rush him back to the Limpet's door while the noise rose in pitch and volume.

"S-Saoirse!" Pia's voice cried out. Cyan pulled Yarrow inside and closed the door.

_____________________________________________

For once I now have to keep up with the text instead of the art. It's kinda sorta ahead but both of the characters have been in the story before. Bun is on the right, and his partner Montip is on the left. They're usually naked because they live mostly underwater, and they rented those robes.

&&

*088*2023-12-21 01:49

Part 57

Del left the security office at five-thirty in the morning. The corporate visit had passed uneventfully, attended by Sapria Nucifera himself, one of the patriarchs of the large, sprawling Nucifera family. They hadn't done the feared inspection of the complex and stuck to the office wing, hospital wing, and executive suites built for them at the top of the residential building. Upon leaving, the patriarch and his group took roughly half the office workers, security staff, and most of the doctors with them for a larger project on the Haman Homeworld. Despite the sudden decrease in staff and the early hour, the halls were bustling with people moving furniture and medical equipment.

Del's assignment until the end of the quarter was to escort Althea everywhere, and at the moment, Althea was in her room. When Del exited the elevator around the corner from Althea's room, she heard Clay's voice. Del's stomach dropped: she'd allowed Clay and Althea to check on the hydrostasis unit in her room a few days before while she was out watching training videos, and wasn't keen to hear Clay going on about how gross her "Andyne hygiene" was.

"I think it's on purpose. I'm losing them a lot of money, after all," Clay hissed. Del couldn't help listening; Clay's voice carried in the hallway. "When were you planning the extraction?"

"Sometime in the next week, before Del has to leave," said Althea. Del's heart sank and she rounded the corner: Althea and Clay stood in Althea's doorway, Clay in his day clothes and Althea in her nightshirt and baggy shorts.

"There you are," Althea said, waving. "There are some new movies in the movie library, and we can break open that popcorn."

"I could use some emotional support carbs," Del yawned.

"Delphinium," said Clay. Del tried to keep a straight face looking down at Clay, who was chest height to her. "I'm sorry for how harsh I was with you. The andyne executives that visit sometimes are messy, rude, and arrogant, and I was wrong to think that you would be the same. Your room is quite clean."

"Wow, thanks." Del faked a yawn into her elbow to hide her sarcasm. "That almost makes up for you speculating about my sex life."

Clay turned pink, clashing with the magenta of his wispy hair. "I apologize, Del. You went out of your way to help us move the little one, and I responded with hostility. I'll have the hover cart back here in time next time you two move the unit. That way you won't have to strain your back again."

Del took a deep breath. It was too early for this, and she hadn't even had her morning pee yet.

"I'm going back down to the staff resource office," Clay yawned to Althea. "All I have left is the paperwork. Finally."

"You deserve the break," said Althea, placing her hand on Clay's shoulder by the fingertips. Del had seen the gesture before; meant to comfort someone with the least amount of physical contact. Very Haman, in Del's experience.

Clay headed toward the office wing and Althea let Del in, where Del changed into her university sweater and the pink lotus pants Althea had given her. Del had procured a big bag of popcorn the day before, and she and Althea snuggled up under a large blanket to share it. Althea had made coffee, and they each had a closeable mug of it.

"What's the new movie?" yawned Del.

"Love in the Snow," said Althea.

Del sipped her coffee. "Didn't we just watch that last week?"

"No, that was Love in the Storm," Althea said.

"I meant the one where they foiled a train heist in the blizzard?" said Del while Althea leaned on her and took a handful of popcorn.

"That was Love on the Tundra." Althea crunched on her popcorn.

"What about the one where they got snowed in at a hotel with a serial killer?" asked Del.

"I think that's Love in the Mountains."

Del paused to remember the Haman period dramas they'd watched. "Now that I think about it, don't most of the 'Love In The' movies involve snow?" she said slowly.

Althea snorted, "I think so."

The movie was formulaic and predictable, and Del could see the appeal of that. She could follow the plot with her eyes closed but tried to keep them open by drinking coffee. It didn't work.

"Careful-"

Del sat up on a bed in an ornate, distinctly Haman hotel room. It was snowing outside and she wasn't alone; a Haman priest, with long magenta hair, striking lemon yellow eyes, and the characteristic priest age marks under his eyes stood at the foot of Del's bed, looking dashing in what appeared to be a formal men's hanbok. Del knew his name: Alistair Antzara. He was the protagonist of the "Love In The" movies, an aromantic asexual who helped people find love and also solved murder mysteries.

"This is no time for a nap, Lady Delphinium! You need to get up now," said Antzara, holding out his hand to her. Del took it without thinking, and Antzara whisked her down a wide carpeted hallway toward a door to the outside. Del drew her green housecoat, which she didn't remember putting on, around her and pushed out the door, into a sprawling complex of snowy hot springs. Low-built bungalows sat along the steaming shores, interconnected by bridges, trails, boardwalks, and a few larger docks.

"This should be called Love in the Hotsprings," Del muttered as Antzara guided her to one of the closest buildings.

"My lady, this is no time for flippancy," said Antzara urgently. "I suspect the maid, Althea, has been poisoned by our killer-"

"Wh-...Althea?" Del sputtered. "Poisoned? Who did it?"

Antzara turned back to Del and said, "The cook, I think? I haven't seen this one yet," in what almost sounded like two separate voices. It occurred to Del that it wasn't real, but she wasn't about to let her friend die from poison and sprinted alongside the unnecessarily sexy asexual movie protagonist through the door of the little bungalow.

Althea was on the floor in one of the private rooms, lying naked near the door. Del found herself kneeling, checking for Althea's pulse.

"She's been injected with venom from the infamous Orgasmic Viper!" said Antzara, completely serious.

"The f-...the what now?" Del snorted, blinking up at him.

Antzara frowned. "My lady, this is serious! She'll die if you don't help her!"

Del facepalmed. Somehow she knew the cure for "orgasmic viper" venom, and it was something straight out of a stupid porno she'd seen part of as a teenager.

"This is a dream," Del sighed. "And she's not even awake to consent! What kind of garbage person takes advantage of someone when they're not-" Del glanced back down. Althea was awake, sitting up, with her legs parted.

"Del, hurry," breathed Althea, her breasts heaving. Del was suddenly naked. "...Del?"

Everything went dark. Del woke up in Althea's room, on the couch, feeling herself swelling insistently against Althea's side under the blanket.

"Would you um..." Althea blushed. So did Del.

"I think I need to go to the bathroom," Del squeaked. Althea had been letting Del take care of herself in the bathroom when she needed it, and Del had mitigated the awkwardness by merely not announcing that's what she was doing. In the past five days there had been times when Del suspected Althea could tell, but this time it was mortifyingly obvious. Althea moved, and Del slid backward as she stood up to keep from poking her more.

Althea cleared her throat. "I wouldn't be averse to uh...helping you out, if you'd like." She pulled the blankets off her and let her feet onto the floor to get up. Del knew that Althea wasn't wearing a bra and stubbornly averted her eyes so that she wouldn't stare.

Del paused in front of the couch, hands held firmly in front of her crotch. "How? I don't have any condoms or anything."

"I have some," said Althea. "And we don't have to do anything that would need one. The thing I miss most about having a partner is giving tit jobs, to be honest," she added in the same casual tone that Del might use to talk about a lost sock.

"Well..." Del's stomach fluttered. "Can we do it in the shower? I don't like the thought of making a mess in someone else's home."

Althea stood up and placed a hand on the side of Del's lower back. "Of course. You don't have to worry about that, though," she said, nudging Del toward the bathroom. Del's stomach twisted in anticipation. "I wouldn't mind a reason to get rid of my ratty old couch."

They stepped into the bathroom and shut the door.

___________________________________

I decided to be kind of ambitious and have been making a dumb movie poster for the past several days instead of writing. I finished it but took way longer than I needed to, so here's Comfortable Doug, making a cameo in a Haman period drama.

&&

*089*2023-12-30 04:05

Part 58:

Del sat on the shower stool and watched Althea lay down the plastic shower mat, pulling up her feet so Althea could get the mat under them. Althea was naked, and Del watched her test the mat to make sure it was secure. Once she was satisfied with that, she turned to Del, looking almost exactly as she had in Del's dream.

"You seem nervous," Althea observed. Del sat with her knees together and her hands clamped over her crotch.

"I'm having some um...difficulties," Del gulped. "And I haven't peed yet this morning."

Althea gave Del an odd look. "Did you get some bad news when you went to the security office this morning?"

"Not...bad, per se. I've been enjoying it here," Del sighed. "But I might be staying an extra week or two. My ID is having some sort of problem in the system and I can't leave Ud until it's fixed."

"Do you want to go back?" asked Althea, bending down on her haunches and placing her hands on Del's knees. They were warm.

"I'd say no, but my nephew starts his school break next Monday. He's got his heart set on doing his flight trials, and if he hasn't got his training hours in by next month, he'll have to wait another three years. I'm afraid he might train by himself and get too ambitious."

"I see," said Althea. "Have you been able to log into the network here?"

Del nodded. "Something is wrong with my ID. Otherwise I'd send him an email or something."

"Clay and I might be able to arrange a call," said Althea. "He thinks the people listening to the phone lines left with Mr. Nucifera, but even if they're not, all you're telling him is to be safe."

The thought of speaking to Digitalis over the phone made Del's shoulders relax a little. "That would be wonderful if you could," Del said. "I'd feel a lot better if I could just tell him to stay off the course until I get back."

Althea pulled herself up, straddled Del's lap, and sat down. "I'll talk to Clay at dinner." Del couldn't help noticing how close Althea was. She had a small, defined waist, and her breasts were fuller than they'd been in Del's dream. Thin green pubic hair screened her swollen, pinkened vulva. Del felt a hot throb against the hand in her crotch and shivered when Althea's hands moved to her hips.

"We can stop at any time," breathed Althea, leaning in close to Del's face.

"Please don't stop," Del moaned. "I wish I knew more about airships so I could compare your butt to one."

Althea laughed and stood briefly to kiss Del on the forehead, her cleavage in Del's face. Del felt the blood surge downward into her groin and it wrenched another moan out of her. "I have lots of guides and manuals if you want to look at them," purred Althea. "But I'm flattered for now."

Del took her hands away from her crotch and placed them on Althea's hips. Althea scooted closer, letting Del's stiff cock press into her belly.

"Wanna make out?" Althea whispered in Del's ear and kissed her neck.

Del nodded. "May I touch your umm..." she gulped.

"My boobs? My pussy?" suggested Althea.

"Both?" Del squeaked.

"Yes," said Althea. Del traced her hand down Althea's thigh. "I'll warn you, though: I haven't peed yet this morning either." Del's fingers slipped into Althea's vulva. It was hot, wet, and subtly pulsating at her touch. Althea leaned into it, grunting softly.

"I don't mind that," said Del. Althea's clitoris swelled against Del's hand. Del began rubbing the slick folds in slow circles, prompting Althea to start undulating her hips. "We're in the shower."

Althea took a breath like she was about to speak, and nuzzled into the crook of Del's neck, breathing heavily. Del had to brace herself as Althea's movements quickened, but it didn't last long. Althea suppressed a loud cry that still echoed in the bathroom, and Del kept her strokes quick and steady until Althea relaxed and collapsed against Del, sweating and shaking. When Del withdrew her hand, a brief trickle of urine came with it, and Althea tried to stand up.

"You don't have to get up," Del said. "Can I umm...Can I aim it?"

"Be my guest," panted Althea, spreading her legs wider. There wasn't much of a flow to aim yet, so when Del spread the lips the urine ran down Althea's leg. "Just a sec. I need to catch my breath."

"Take your time." Del let Althea lean on her shoulder. She was sweaty, and her breasts pressed against Del's chest. The skin tone was different, slightly paler and pinker than Del's, but Del could almost imagine they were hers. She stared down at Althea's breasts until Althea sat up again a minute or so later and released a hot burst onto Del's legs. Althea let Del try to aim it again as it sped up into a hissing stream, and Del managed to get it into two streams, running onto Del's thighs and cock.

"Here, let me help," said Althea, and guided Del's hand to pull her outer labia upward. The streams combined and hit Del's glans with enough pressure to make her squirm involuntarily. The flow lasted for a long time, and Del was almost relieved when it slackened. Althea noticed Del's body relaxing with it. "Is the arousal getting more intense lately?" she asked.

Del was a little surprised to find that she was out of breath. "No-not really for me, I already have a high sex drive. What about you? You must've been pretty worked up to come like that."

Althea shrugged and sighed, "I'm just excited for the tit job. If you're still up for it."

"Well..." Del gulped. "You're not gonna um...use your mouth, are you?"

"Not if you don't want me to," said Althea. "Why?"

Del took a deep breath and felt herself blushing. "Just...can you not use your teeth?"

"What kind of jerk uses their teeth on someone's genitals without asking first?" said Althea. "I don't do that, but if it gets uncomfortable at any point, let me know and I'll stop."

Althea got up and opened her medicine cabinet. In it were a dozen large pump bottles of- "Toad erythrum oil?" Del read aloud. "Why is there so much?"

"It's for when the little one comes out of hydrostasis - her skin gets dry, like mine." Althea took a pump of the pale pinkish oil, put the bottle back, and shut the medicine cabinet. "But it's a good topical lubricant too." Del spread her legs and Althea kneeled between them, spreading some of the oil in her cleavage and applying the rest to Del. Althea eagerly went to work, and enclosed Del with her breasts. She pressed her breasts together and began moving up and down.

"This is like something out of The Last Sovereign," Del blurted out, looking into Althea's dark eyes. Gold threads seemed to reflect in them, indicating they were dark brown, not black.

"Oh? Do I remind you of anyone?" asked Althea, not missing a beat. Her strokes were slowly becoming longer, her lips brushing Del's tip.

It was hard to focus. Del's body tensed, and she felt hot. "I think...Altina?"

Althea giggled, "It's the ears, isn't it?" She sped up her movements and took the head into her mouth. She moved her tongue in slow lapping motions.

"Althy-" Del grunted, gasping. Althea smiled up at her and kept going, sucking more enthusiastically. Del took a breath to warn her what was about to happen and just managed to wheeze, "Althy I'm coming."

Del came into Althea's mouth with a loud moan, her wings slipping and thumping on the tiled wall behind her. She relaxed after what felt like a dozen spurts and looked down to see Althea still sucking.

"You came a lot," Althea commented, sitting back on her haunches. "I almost couldn't swallow it all."

Del was out of energy to be embarrassed. "You swallowed? Are you sure you're Haman?" she panted. Del's bladder relaxed while Althea stood up and turned on the shower.

"I told you, I'm not from the homeworld." With the shower going, Althea resumed her spot between Del's knees on the shower mat. "We had whole units in school on contemporary Homeworld cultures, and at the end of each one we'd have a Haman day, Andyne day, Renoige day, et cetra."

It made sense to Del, so she switched the subject and asked, "Why did you sit between my legs again? I need to pee."

Althea rubbed Del's thigh. It was clear that she wasn't about to move. "How long have you been holding it this time?"

"Just since last night. It's the coffee from this morning that's making me really need to go...are you just going to stay there?"

"I will if you don't mind," said Althea. "Do you?"

Again, Del was too tired to be embarrassed. "I don't mind. Did you want to aim it this time?" Althea said yes, and when Del let go about a minute later Althea ran the clear pressurized jet over her shoulders, chest, and belly.

The two of them showered after that, and when they were finished they went out to see the credits to Love in the Snow playing onscreen. Althea made a fresh pot of coffee and restarted the movie, but ten minutes in they were both asleep on the couch, Del leaning on Althea with her wings pulled in compactly against the backrest.

_______________________________________

For some reason I felt like I had to make a corny movie poster. A big square one, which is only one of the most unrealistic things about it as a movie poster. It's also the version from Del's dream, not the actual fictional movie about an aroace Haman priest-slash-detective who solves mysteries and helps people find love. In Hamans, "priest" is most often a caste they're born into rather than a job description. The tips of their ears are cut off both sexes during infancy, and the marks under the eyes indicate their age. Magenta and green are also very common Haman hair colors. Also a TLS reference that I couldn't resist popping in there at the last second.

&&

*090*2024-01-28 01:02

Part 59:

May bit her lip. She stood in her shop in her warm terrycloth bathrobe. It was five in the morning, and a chilly fog hovered over the flat ground and boardwalks of the dockyard. The sky above was clear, fading quickly from violet to blue.

"Well, how much does Saoirse know?" asked a scratchy voice on the radio.

"A lot, but about her, specifically? I can't be sure," said May. "And then last month some girl from the Nucifera family came to my dockyard. Avaris. She knew who I was and called Azri about it."

The scratchy voice gasped, "Avaris Nucifera? She's there?'"

"Yeah. For a couple of weeks now," said May slowly. "You know her?"

"Del? Del?" Del awoke to Althea nudging her. She could hear the opening credits of Love in the Snow for a third time and smell something cooking. "How many grilled cheese sandwiches would you like?"

They spent most of the morning watching Haman romance dramas on the couch. Del's anxiety about her nephew was still there despite knowing she'd speak to him soon, and in her nervousness, she absently consumed large amounts of popcorn and coffee. Althea, by contrast, ate about two handfuls of popcorn and was still on her first cup of coffee when Del sat down with her fifth.

"Would you like the rest of the popcorn, or can I finish it?" said Del, proffering the almost empty bag guiltily.

"I'm okay for now. Thanks though," said Althea.

"Are you sure? I could tie off the bag and save it for later." Del wrapped the bag around her wrist and mimed tying it.

Althea finally finished her coffee and stood up with the empty mug. "I'm sure. I had an extra sandwich earlier, and I'm trying not to gain any more weight."

Del looked Althea up and down. She was curvy, but not obese. "Really? You eat like a bird."

"I know what you mean, but birds can eat half their weight in a day," Althea said, smiling. "I'd like to eat more but I can't burn enough calories here to offset it."

"What about going outside?" Del yawned and took a drink of coffee.

"I could get away with it right now, but not when we still had patients on site," said Althea. "I wasn't even able to leave my room when the little one came along, and I'll be in here for three days once I begin the extraction process."

"We could go on a run or something outside before you do," said Del. "Or go up and down the stairwells here."

Althea contemplated that while pouring herself another cup of coffee. "Getting rid of my ratty old couch would be a workout for both of us," she said, picking up a spoon and stirring her drink.

Del shrugged and said, "I'd be up for that. This thing is awful."

Half an hour later, they had the couch out in the hallway. Del found the couch relatively light, which was good because it was easy on her slowly filling bladder, but Althea was sweating and puffing before they got it out the door.

Althea took a break to clean the floor where the couch had been. One of the items among the dust bunnies and bits of breakfast cereal was a quilted blanket. It looked handmade, and Del could make out a hand-stitched capital C in the crumpled fabric.

"Oh, that's where this went," panted Althea, picking it up. She dropped it in her washer, and she and Del swept the area before vacuuming it.

"Should I change into my work pants before we take the couch downstairs?" asked Del.

Althea plopped down on her bed and flopped back. It reminded Del of her dream again. Her stomach did a backflip as she sat down on the bed next to Althea.

"It's the middle of the day. Nobody's going to be around to see," Althea sighed. "There's always a chance someone might, though."

Once Althea had caught her breath they carried the couch to the elevators. There were three elevators: two were normal-sized and only went to the residential floors and lobbies. The other, sitting to the right of the regular elevators, was a larger cargo elevator with access to the basement level of the complex. The couch fit into the car with room to spare, and Del took up a spot in the back corner on the handrails.

"Watch out when we get to the bottom," huffed Althea, red-faced. "This thing lurches when it stops." Del didn't understand the warning in her tone but nodded anyway.

"So we're putting this in the banquet hall?" Del asked as they descended. The cargo elevator was noticeably slower than the others, but Del didn't mind the break. The need to pee was beginning to bother her, but it wouldn't be a problem unless she triggered her landing reflex.

Althea paused to take a deep breath. "Yeah. That room they do birthdays and holidays in...opens to that outdoor patio."

Del opened her mouth to ask Althea if she was alright, and the elevator lurched under them. Del wasn't ready and landed heavily on her feet, feeling the landing reflex start in the balls of her feet.

The elevator doors opened with a scraping noise. Del clenched up, trying to ride out the urge to let go. Althea lifted her end of the couch determinedly and stepped quickly forward, up a hallway and around the corner to a wide, sunny room.

"Let's set it down close to the wall," Althea grunted and steered her end of the couch to the nearest wall.

Not pissing herself consumed most of Del's concentration, and she could only repeat, "Close to the wall."

"Phew! Thanks for helping with this, Del," sighed Althea. Del felt the landing reflex coming on again and glanced around. They'd passed a bathroom near the elevators-

"Dr. Tock?" A middle-aged Haman woman walked around the corner. She wore the sleek black Andyne-style suit currently favored by WS corporate, but her expression was friendly. It fell when she saw Del, and her eyes lighted disdainfully on Del's pink pajama pants. Disapproval flickered on the Haman woman's face, and Del sat down in embarrassment, pressing her legs together against the oncoming urge to pee.

"That's me," Althea said breathlessly, standing up. She extended a hand to touch palms and the woman and the woman recoiled. She was taller than Althea, with long brown hair and short pointed ears.

"You have an appointment tomorrow after lunch," said the woman, handing Althea a slip of paper. Del's urge to pee mercifully ebbed away, but she didn't dare let herself relax in front of someone from WS Corporate.

"Is he still here?" Althea asked the woman, reading the paper.

"He's staying in Eternal Autumn," the woman replied coolly. Althea waited for her to add something else, but she didn't.

"Oh. Umm...great. Thanks."

The woman departed wordlessly, saving one last cold glance for Del. Althea folded the paper she'd gotten and stuffed it in her pocket.

"Well, Del," Althea snorted at the rhyme. "Would you mind if we took a quick break?"

Del pressed her legs together and gulped, "Sounds good to me." Althea gave her a knowing look. "What?"

"Landing reflex?" Althea asked, sinking onto the couch next to Del. Del nodded, blushing. "There are bathrooms around the corner. If you're still pee-shy I can stand guard outside the bathroom," she offered.

Del started to stand up and felt the landing reflex kick in again. She dropped back onto the couch, but that didn't stop it.

"No," Del moaned under her breath. "No no no..."

"Delphinium," said Althea quietly, placing a hand on Del's arm. "If you let go now there's no one around to see."

Despite Del's best efforts, a hot trickle escaped into her pants. "Th-that corporate lady was around," Del moaned. "And this is your couch."

"And I said I wouldn't mind you ruining it," said Althea. "If you hold it in too long, your landing reflex won't resolve properly."

Del tried to relax, but she had already clenched up too tight for that.

"Can I do anything to help?" Althea asked quietly.

"You c-could stand watch?" breathed Del.

Althea stood up. "I'll keep an eye out at the end of the hall. Mind if I watch?"

"If you like." Del reached into her pants and aimed herself downward, hoping that it would confine wetness to the back of her pants when she stood up. The cushion absorbed the urine easily. "I'm sorry about your pants."

"They're yours, remember?" said Althea. "Let's go back up after this and each get a fresh change of clothes."

Del's bladder relaxed and let go in a loud whoosh that seemed to echo in the wide empty room. Del let out a long sigh of relief. The heat and pressure from her controlled flow felt good on her crotch and butt against the couch cushion. Del looked down: she was pleased to see that the front of her pants was mostly dry.

"Althy?" said Clay's voice. Del's stomach dropped. Clay was the last person she wanted to see, and she couldn't stop flooding the couch cushion if she tried. "Is Delphinium with you? I need to speak with him." Del's stomach dropped further.

"Del's a little busy right now," said Althea, sidling into the hallway.

Clay sidestepped into the banquet hall past Althea and marched right up to Del, oblivious to what Del was doing.

"Delphinium," Clay bent down a little, close to Del. He was pale, and there were dark circles under his eyes. "Are you related to the Nucifera family?"

Del hadn't been expecting the question. "Yes, through my father's side."

"Have you had your genes mapped?" Clay pressed. Althea walked up behind him and exchanged a glance with Del.

"Yeah, when I was ten like everyone else. Why?" Del asked. She couldn't believe Clay hadn't noticed that she was relieving herself, and something about that was starting to turn her on. She felt herself swelling and clasped her hands in her lap to hide it.

Clay rubbed his eyes. "I'm not sure yet." He turned to walk away.

Althea spoke up before Clay left: "Clay, would it be possible to get Del a few minutes on the outside phone line sometime in the next few days?" Clay hastily agreed to it and hurried away toward the hospital wing.

"What was that about?" Del asked quietly when Clay was gone.

"I have no idea," said Althea. "Are you **still** going?" She seemed impressed and it made Del blush.

"Y-yeah," Del said bashfully. "I'm almost done."

Althea sat on the couch across from Del. "Sorry, I have to sit down. Did you resolve the landing reflex?"

Del, who was finally finishing, shrugged and said earnestly, "No, but it won't be a problem as long as I don't drink anything before we move the couch."

"In that case, want to get the couch tomorrow?" asked Althea.

"It might be better to get it sooner," said Del. She sat back comfortably and saw the wet spot in her crotch when she spread her legs to stretch them. "I need to relax my bladder to get the rest out. If you need more of a break, tell me where the couch is and I'll go over and get started."

"I only need a second," said Althea. "Tell me when you're about to pee again."

The two of them sat in restful silence for the next few minutes.

"It's coming." Del leaned back and used one hand to adjust herself through the thin fabric of her pants. The rest came out effortlessly, soaking into the already-soaked couch cushion. "Much better," Del sighed, massaging her lower belly. "Now, where's that couch?"

The new couch was on the same floor as Althea's quarters, left behind by another one of the doctors. The doors to the vacant rooms had their keys left in the lock, and it was easy to get in. Their quarry sat conveniently in the middle of the floor, light blue patterned with little off-white dots. Del's pants were almost fully dry when she and Althea hauled the couch through Althea's doorway.

Althea was dripping sweat when they were done and plodded over to the washer. "Let's get our clothes in the wash. Did you want to shower first?" she puffed, unabashedly stripping naked. Del took off her pants and underwear. Her work shirt was a little sweaty, so she washed that too.

Del took the shower first and started it, stepping in for a quick rinse. Althea offered Del a diuretic for her landing reflex.

"Thanks for offering, but I've done this before," said Del when they switched out. She stepped in front of the sink and began drying off.

###

I find myself somewhat unmotivated to art, but have gotten some writing done. I think I'm getting to the end of this story. Writing this stuff is fun because I love it and people I talk to [cryptically] about it ask to see it and insist that nothing I write could *possibly* be that weird. Well it is! ðŸ˜„ I'm open to any suggestions as to who to draw; I have some ideas but only a few scribbles to show for it.

*092*2024-01-28 23:09

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

I think think your writing is that weird. I've definitely seen weirder things. Unless you count the omo stuff as weird then that does increase the weirdness. Though of course omo isn't weird considered weird on this site.

}}

It's definitely true about there being weirder things. I read a lot and even in popular books there's some shockingly strange stuff - I think I'm subconsciously trying to word toward making my sex scenes as awkward as Stephen King's. ðŸ¤£ I should probably be more social on here; it's difficult for me to get started with that stuff, even though I've posted 60,000+ words here.

*094*2024-01-30 01:44

{{6 hours ago, orangelion said:

It haven't read any of Stephen King's books, but I have heard that his sex scenes aren't great. You don't have to be social on here. Some of the best writers on here aren't very social either.

}}

King's sex scenes aren't bad necessarily, mostly just awkward, jarring, and they feel out of place, especially in books like the early Gunslinger series. And I want to be more social here; I suck at it but sucking at something is the first step toward being sorta good at something. I have some days off soon to at least practice, even if I chicken out again and don't hit "submit."

*095*2024-01-31 22:00

Part 60:

The first impulses of the unresolved landing reflex started when Del sat down on the couch with her first glass of water. It was easy to suppress with an empty bladder, and she waited for it to pass before taking her first drink. Del's top, pants, and underwear were still washing, so she only wore her work pants and draped her towel around her shoulders. The thick terrycloth covered her chest and made her feel a little less flat.

Althea opened the bathroom door fifteen minutes later and emerged in a towel. Del was already on her second glass of water, watching a Haman quiz show called "Peril!"

"You like quiz shows?" yawned Althea, sitting down.

Del sipped her water. "I'm more partial to sci-fi with silly effects, but this is holding my attention. It helps to have something to focus on." Althea nodded in reply. She leaned on Del's shoulder, dozing off until the landing reflex made Del tense up. Del kept her abdominal muscles carefully relaxed and took slow, shallow breaths while her bladder tried to let go. When it passed, she sat back and took a sip of water.

Althea curled up under her towel on the other side of the couch and sleepily answered Del's questions about the quiz show. As Althea nodded off, the towel slipped off her. Del had already seen Althea naked and tried not to stare, but being a little horny helped Del ride out the impulses to pee.

When the washing machine stopped, Althea was still snoring. Del looked over to tell her and saw Althea clutching the towel like a blanket, covering her breasts and shoulders but exposing everything else. Standing up quickly would stimulate the landing reflex, so Del got up slowly and carefully.

The throw blankets were in the dryer. Del took them out and brought them over to the couch, spreading one over Althea, who pulled it around herself and mumbled, "Thanks Del...what are you doing?"

Del reached over her and set the folded blankets on the back of the couch. "Switching out the laundry."

"How are you feeling?" Althea asked, sitting up when Del eased herself back onto the couch a minute later.

"Still pretty good. The landing reflex isn't too intense yet."

"Are you sure you wouldn't like some diuretics? Maybe tea or coffee?" Althea offered. Del shook her head.

"Thanks, but I have more control over it with water," said Del. "It's slower, but I don't get cramps unless the reflex hits unexpectedly."

"How do you know?" asked Avi's voice from the other room. Cyan found that they were unusually comfortable, stretched out on a soft surface instead of the cramped couch they were used to. Someone was snoring nearby, and when Cyan opened their eyes, their stomach did a backflip. Yarrow was asleep next to them, stretched out with his wings pulled tight against his back.

"I've been around them," said Della's voice. "It's really obvious if you can smell it."

"Just don't be too obvious about it around them, alright?" said Mayra's voice.

Cyan tried to go back to sleep, but their achingly full bladder kept them awake. They couldn't help listening to the conversation; Azri was there too, and the group seemed to be discussing food. After some time Azri said, "I'll check on Cy and Yarrow. May, you and Della start the prep and I'll head back in a few."

Azri tapped on the door and said quietly, "Cyan?" Cyan sat up too fast and compressed their bladder.

"I'm up," Cyan grunted, trying not to wake Yarrow. Azri eased her way into the room. "What time is it?"

"Almost six. May, Della, and I are making breakfast so I'll just get some touch impressions now," Azri whispered and hitched up her bag. Cyan let Azri spread her hand on the side of their face. Her eyes went unfocused for a moment and she snapped out of it abruptly. "Are you still doing Avaris's treatments?" she asked, walking around the bed.

Cyan felt themself blushing and gulped, "I...If she's okay."

"That would be between you two," said Azri, touching the side of Yarrow's face. Her eyes went unfocused again, and she frowned. She bent down and pressed her forehead to Yarrow's. Yarrow stirred a second later and sat up. Azri handed him some pills and a bottle of water from her bag. He took the pills, uncapped the water, and started to drink, consuming the entire bottle in four long, slow gulps that made Cyan's bladder throb.

Cyan got up and followed Azri out into the front room. Avi sat at the kitchen table on her laptop, eating one of the buns from the night before. Her hair was wet from a shower and her mouth was full, so she greeted Cyan with a muffled "mormimg!" and a nod.

"Is Yarrow your patient now?" Avi asked when she'd swallowed her food.

"Yes," said Azri. "We discussed it last night, but also just now."

Cyan interrupted, "Is that what you were doing?"

"Yep," said Azri. "We had a pretty lengthy talk. It rarely takes more than about five seconds in real time. Are you alright to keep up your treatments with Cyan, Avaris?"

Azri left and Avi stood in the shower, raising her skirt. As usual, she wasn't wearing any underwear. Cyan stepped up to her, pulled down their shorts, and screwed up their face in concentration.

"Is everything okay?" asked Avi.

Cyan gulped, "I'm saving it for when..." they blushed.

"For when you show Yarrow your tomato plant?" Avi asked wryly.

"Yeah." Cyan's stomach fluttered, and they squirmed at the smirk on Avi's face.

"Cy, he's going to be asleep for at least another couple of hours," said Avi. Cyan let go with a small grunt and Avi drew closer to them, squatting to lower the scar on her thigh into the whizzing blue stream. "You might as well pee now and fill up on tea for later."

Cyan's bladder deflated slowly. It felt good, and they found they couldn't stop. Cyan yawned, "Do we still have the leftovers from last night?"

Avi tried to stifle a yawn and stepped back, letting Cyan finish into the fish-shaped shower drain. Cyan liked having Avi watching and wondered what it would feel like if Yarrow watched. Part of Cyan immediately chastised them for that thought while another enjoyed a pleasant little shiver in the pit of their stomach.

"Both yours and Yarrow's are in the fridge, and Azri's making breakfast sandwiches," said Avi, dropping her skirt back over the scar. "Want a shower?"

Cyan's flow slowed and stopped, and they and Avi used clothespins to hang towels on the clear shower screen.

_____________________________________________

Socializing attempts for the day have been unsuccessful, but today has been productive in other ways.

*096*2024-02-09 06:34

Part 61:

Avaris clicked the space under one of Della's photos to add a caption. Della had taken a lot of pictures of the large Mellen woman. There were some good images of the foxfire in the photos so she sent all of them, typing out, "I think Della has a bit of a crush" under a picture of their aquatic friends sitting on either side of a large foxfire planter. After Cyan finished in the shower, he dropped the shower mat on the ground and pulled it back up twice, seeming to enjoy the sound.

Della brought over a pan of grilled breakfast sandwiches. "There are eight in here. Mom says to make sure you eat at least two to keep up your calorie intake," they said to Avaris. "And she wants Yarrow to see her sometime today."

Cyan tried and failed to wake Yarrow, and he and Avaris ate at the table in the front room.

"Don't feel bad about it," watching Cyan shovel down the leftovers from his curry morosely. "An unresolved landing reflex is no joke. It's like full-body hiccups, and it'll keep you up for days if you can't resolve it. Try Yarrow again in an hour or two. We'll save him some sandwiches."

"How do you resolve a landing reflex, exactly?" asked Cyan. "I feel like I should know this."

Avaris shrugged while reading through her letter. "Maybe from before you got put in hydrostasis. You might be from the Andyne Homeworld," she speculated. "You resolve the landing reflex by filling up your bladder until you almost can't hold it and then waiting for the reflex to kick in. The catch is that you have to successfully hold it every time you get the reflex until you're full enough. If you're not, the reflex won't resolve and you just keep getting the 'hiccups.'"

"That sounds frustrating. What happens if you fall asleep?"

"You either wake up and wet yourself, or you stay asleep and wet yourself. You can't resist it when you're unconscious." Avaris said, typing. "Would you mind helping me proofread this before I send it?"

Cyan sat next to Avaris while she read the email aloud. Having been at the festival, Cyan filled in some of the details from Della's account and had some corrections, one of which surprised Avaris.

Fully proofreading the email took over an hour, and they were just finishing up when Yarrow plodded out, clutching his lower belly.

"Good morning Yarrow!" Avaris said brightly. Yarrow gave Avaris and Cyan a muzzy smile and wave. "Cy, you should show Yarrow your tomato plant."

"I'll show them! I'll show them all!" A mad scientist cackled onscreen. "They said I was crazy!"

"What's...?" Del grunted, carefully keeping her stomach muscles relaxed while the landing reflex took its course. Her bladder burned to let go, but it wasn't full enough. "I missed what the evil monologue was about." The urge to pee ebbed away and she sat up, gingerly stretching one wing.

Althea yawned, "I think he made penicillin, except it turns people into zombies. How's the reflex?"

Del forced herself to take a large swallow of water. "Under control." She looked up at the clock; it was almost six in the evening. "Want to go get dinner soon?"

"If you're okay with it," said Althea. "I need to change and p- uhm...use the bathroom before we leave."

"I don't mind other people going pee," Del said patiently. "It helps to think of it as just the reflex. It might help if I could watch though...if you don't mind."

"I don't mind," said Yarrow, standing next to the tomato plant with Cyan. He pulled up the front of his sweater and unzipped his pants. "It was fairly straightforward. We had a lot of questions for each other, and after that, she told me she had some wing relaxers." Yarrow stretched his wings and sighed happily. His feathers looked even more tattered than they had the night before.

Cyan pulled down their waistband. After rapidly downing three cans of tea and a glass of water over the past ninety minutes, Cyan had no problem letting go into the leaves of the budding tomato plant in a hard blue stream. Yarrow seemed to be having more trouble and pulled his wings around himself.

"Were you dreaming before Azri talked to you?" asked Cyan.

"I don't remember," Yarrow said quickly, seeming to focus on his crotch behind his feathers. A spray of clear urine splashed the tomato plant and he moaned, "Ugh, finally!" His wings relaxed and he looked back over at Cyan, his eyes going to Cyan's slowly petering flow. "Remember those air rafts from last night? We talked at a picnic table on one of those." He blushed.

"That sounds nice," said Cyan.

Yarrow grinned sheepishly. "Not as nice as last night. Not as cold either though...Please pardon me if this is a rude question-" Yarrow stopped when Cyan finished and pulled up their shorts.

"What is it?" Cyan asked, stepping back. "We can keep talking, I just want to get the watering can."

"Oh," said Yarrow. He lowered his wings and Cyan had a full view of him pissing into the plant. "Is your um...urine always blue? Or was it something from the festival last night?"

Cyan found the water hookup and watering can next to the corner of Pia's airship and set the can under the faucet to fill. They walked back over to keep talking to Yarrow. "It's just blue I think. At least, it's been blue since I got out of the hydrostasis tube."

"How long has that been?" asked Yarrow.

"About a month I think," said Cyan after some mental math. They realized that the watering can was probably full and hurried over to turn off the water, and made it just before the can overflowed. It was too heavy to lift, so Cyan spilled some out onto the dirt.

"How long were you in hydrostasis?" Yarrow called, leaning back carefully to see what Cyan was doing. He started soaking his pant leg and squatted awkwardly when he noticed. "You probably shouldn't be lifting that."

Cyan spilled out the water and turned the can back upright when it was light enough. "I know. Azri likes to remind me not to lift heavy things." They tested the weight of the watering can and hauled it over to where Yarrow stood pissing straight down into the tomato leaves with his odd little dick. Cyan wanted to ask about it, but they were too busy trying to act like the watering can wasn't heavy. Yarrow reached one hand over and helped anyway, holding up the bottom of the can while dripping into his pants.

"Yarrow, you're uh..." Cyan inclined their head toward Yarrow's crotch. Instead of drawing back, Yarrow put himself back in and zipped up one-handed. He evidently wasn't quite done, because a wet spot spread rapidly in his pants a few seconds later.

"Darn it," Yarrow hissed under his breath and his newly freed hand cupped his groin. "Do you mind if I run some water over myself after you're done with the can?"

"If you want," said Cyan. "I could ask Avi or Pia if we can wash your clothes."

"We're supposed to go out to lunch today, remember?" said Yarrow.

"Hyachna's Shins, right?" said Saoirse, ambling around the corner. She was dressed for the day and had her pale hair in a short ponytail.

Yarrow blushed and stood up straight. The wet spot in his pants spread some more. "Yeah."

"We could take your orders to go and bring them back here," Saoirse offered. "The place is mostly takeout anyway. Pia and I are meeting that Bun guy from last night there in half an hour."

"I'll send you some money for it," said Yarrow quickly. He started patting his pockets and brought out his wallet.

"Just uh...wash your hands first?" Saoirse said.

__________________________________________

Instead of drawing any of the main characters I drew two more new ones. This is Bellis, one of the people who run Hyachna's Shins. I gave him common blackbird wings.

&&

*097*2024-02-11 22:35

Part 62:

"You're right, we'll probably be the only ones there anyway," Althea said slowly, dropping her pants. She pulled her shirt up over her breasts. She wasn't wearing a bra.

Althea sat back on the toilet and spread her legs, exposing her vulva, and aimed with both hands. She let go, spraying loudly into the bowl. It was brief but pressurized, and she let herself drip for a few seconds before she got up.

"Did it work?" Althea asked while she washed her hands.

"Yes, but it's already wearing off," said Del. "I might be getting too close."

Del stood breathing carefully in the hallway outside the hospital wing cafeteria, leaning on a doorway. It was more difficult to hold her bladder standing up.

"Do you need to sit down?" asked Althea.

"I just need a second," Del breathed. "Go ahead and get your stuff. I already know what I want, I'll be along in a few seconds."

"If it helps to sit down, I can just grab both our stuff and we can go back," Althea said. "I have a microwave."

Del took Althea up on the offer and sat at one of the tables. She'd brought her water bottle and took a swig. The beginnings of the landing reflex gathered in the soles of her feet. The cafeteria was oddly crowded: a mixed group of about twenty people populated the tables in uniform coveralls, producing a distinctly un-Haman buzz of conversation that Del found comforting. Del recognized the uniforms: a transport company that specialized in large, delicate, but most of all expensive equipment.

"Delphinium?"

Del jumped. So did the landing reflex. She stopped her stomach mid-contraction but a brief, whooshing burst escaped her and formed a small hot puddle in her lap. It wasn't visible under the table and soaked warmly into Del's work pants while the landing reflex subsided, leaving dull pain in its wake.

"Hi, Clay," said Del, trying to sound casual.

"Where is your nephew located?" Clay asked quietly, leaning in but keeping a slight distance between them.

"The Andyne Homeworld," said Del. "At the family compound in Bluster Bay."

"What time is good to call him?"

Del's heart leaped. For a long moment, she forgot about the cramps and throbbing bladder. "He's usually home by eight on Fridays, so that's..." Del tried to count on her fingers.

"Two in the morning," said Clay. "I should be able to get you in around two-thirty. I'll come get you from Althy's quarters." He hurried off, leaving Del cramping but optimistic.

Althea returned a few minutes later with a tray stacked with boxes of fresh and frozen food, and they hurried back to Althea's room. Once they were back, Althea took Del's key and went up to Del's dorm room to check the hydrostasis unit. Meanwhile, Del cleaned herself up, changed into the freshly dried pink lotus pants, and started microwaving Althea's frozen entrees to keep her mind off the nagging need to pee.

"Did you lock your door this morning?" Althea asked when she entered. Her sandwich, fresh fruit, and microwaved frozen entree sat on the counter. Del had put hers in the fridge and freezer and sat on the couch, her hands gripping the cushions.

"I did, but you were in there after I left this morning, remember?" said Del, sitting up.

Althea blushed. "I must've forgotten. Sorry."

Del shrugged and took a drink of water. She was about to burst. Del was tired and hungry, and the thought of resolving the reflex made her heart race. "It's probably fine," Del grunted. "The most valuable thing I brought here is my toothbrush."

"Seriously?" said Althea. "Are Andyne toothbrushes that expensive?"

"It's an electric-" Del tried to stand up, failed, and fell back, groaning. The landing reflex started traveling up her legs. Althea bent down, opened a cupboard with her free hand, and brought out a mop bucket, which she handed to Del.

"Thanks," Del breathed, pulling her wings around her while she yanked at her waistband. She got it just in time to burst into the mop bucket. "I'm sorry this had to happen in your room."

"I don't mind," said Althea behind Del's wing. "You're the one that was helping me. I should've made it clearer that the elevator might do that."

Del sagged, gushing safely into the mop bucket. "It shouldn't have," she moaned when the stomach cramps let go. "That's why it surprised me."

"That's right," Althea said thoughtfully with her fork in her mouth. "You're not out of shape, and you haven't been on any long flights lately."

"Right," yawned Del. The bucket was starting to get heavy so she set it on the floor and scooted up, aiming herself downward into it. Now that she had a free hand, she rested her elbow on her knee and her head on her hand. She wanted to fall asleep right there but knew she couldn't, at least not until she'd finished.

"Del?" Del jolted out of a doze when Althea nudged her wing. "You okay?"

Del wasn't pissing in the bucket anymore, but she wasn't quite finished. "Yeah. I'm just double-voiding."

Althea patted Del's wing. "Good girl," she said. Del's stomach did a fluttery backflip. She opened her mouth to say something and stopped when her bladder relaxed. Del positioned herself and let out a long, slow stream.

"How's the reflex?" asked Althea.

"It's gone," Del sighed. She waited until she was all done, stood up slowly, and took the mop bucket into the bathroom, where she dumped the contents and rinsed it out. She cleaned up and washed her face after, stopping to survey herself in the mirror. There were dark circles under her eyes, and her crotch bulged obnoxiously. Meanwhile, hunger and the desire to sleep jockeyed for her attention.

Del exited the bathroom, pulling her shirt down over her crotch. Althea stood at the sink eating a fruit bowl, and opened the cupboard for Del to put the bucket back.

"How are you feeling?" Althea asked. "If you're hungry I'll pop one of your entrees into the microwave."

Del sat heavily on the couch. "I feel fucking amazing." Her stomach growled. "Do you mind if I take a nap?"

Althea glanced up at the clock. "It's almost seven, so we have a few hours. You can sleep on my bed if you like. I need to start planning out Cassie's extraction and I'd like some extra room for it on the couch."

Del happily stretched out on the bed and was out the second she lay down.

________________________________________________________

This is Helly. She does look a lot like Avaris - Avaris is from a big family so that's possible but they'd be distant cousins. Helly and Bellis are named for sunflowers and daisies, respectively.

&&

*098*2024-02-26 01:59

Part 63:

Pia sat back on the couch. Cyan's blankets and a set of his clothes sat folded next to her, and she drank tea while Saoirse fiddled with the radio. Tinny weather broadcasts and static issued from one of the speakers after she ended her conversation with Avaris, and switched off abruptly with a heavy electric thunk.

"It's supposed to rain later," Saoirse said, ambling around the corner. "And Cy's back. He's peeing on his tomato plant with..." Saoirse bit her lip. "Daffod-...no, Mallow. He's back there with Mallow."

"It's Yarrow," Pia corrected.

Saoirse sat on the couch next to Pia and kissed her on the cheek. "Yeah, him."

"Are they ready to go down to Hyachna's Shins with us?" asked Pia.

"I can't tell," said Saoirse, shrugging. "I smelled them, I didn't see them. I'll go out and ask in a minute. We never did make any solid plans."

When Saoirse stepped out she returned with Cyan and Yarrow. Yarrow had a large wet spot on his pants and washed his hands at the kitchen sink.

"There you are," said Pia while Cyan looked through his clothes. "Did you spend the night with Avaris?"

Cyan nodded. "She doesn't sleep in her bedroom, so she let us sleep in there."

"How was sleeping on a bed?" Pia asked.

Behind Cyan, Yarrow blushed. "It was great," said Cyan brightly. "I feel great. I could stretch out and my joints aren't as stiff as usual."

"We need to get you a real bed," Pia said contemplatively. "Let's talk about that after lunch."

Yarrow gave Saoirse some money, Cyan handed Yarrow a folded-up pair of shorts, and they departed for Avaris's airship.

"Good to see you again, Daffodi-" Pia took another sip of tea. "I mean Yarrow."

Saoirse added, "You two be good, alright?" and shut the door gently. "I'm sure he gets that all the time with that bluish-gray mop of hair," she told Pia sympathetically. "Besides, he was probably too mortified to notice."

Pia retrieved her shoes and sat down to put them on. "What's he got to be mortified about?"

"Well, the wet spot on his pants, for one thing," said Saoirse. She found Pia's purse on the coat rack, took out Pia's wallet, and put the money in, smirking at Pia. "And they slept in the same bed last night."

"But did they do what you're implying?" Pia sighed, giving her an old-fashioned look.

Saoirse snorted, "No. That would've been obvious the first time I smelled them. Plus, Mal-...Yarrow just resolved a nasty lingering landing reflex last night. Most likely in the haunted house, now that I think about it."

"Really?" Pia stood up and they walked out the door. She and Saoirse had tried to ride the haunted house the night before, only for it to stop before they left the ride's loading zone. The attendant had given their tickets back with a fuzzy explanation like "water in the mechanism," which Pia thought was odd for a ride full of fog machines.

Saoirse recounted their short ride; the line at the haunted house ride had been sparse after several breakdowns during the evening. The smell of piss and overheated grease permeated the whole ride, and Saoirse smelled more urine in their car, on the floor like someone had stepped in it. The urine had smelled distinctly andyne, and there had been traces of Azri and Della in Pia and Saoirse's ride car, as though they'd sat there for a while.

"It fits. Della told me their group got stuck in the haunted house for about an hour before they met up with us," said Saoirse.

"And you're sure it was Yarrow's urine you were smelling?" Pia asked as they turned the corner. The runabout was already hovering in one of the spots closest to the dockyard entrance. "He wasn't the only andyne there."

"I'm...reasonably sure," admitted Saoirse. "The hot grease from the ride changes the scent, so there's a possibility it wasn't him, but it's a small possibility. If it was, I've smelled Yarrow enough in the past three days to form a sort of piss-based timeline-"

"Good morning, Saoirse," May said loudly from behind them, carrying a thermos. She wore her work coveralls and her hair was in a plain ponytail. "Good morning, Pia. Where are Cyan and his friend?"

Azri and Della were already in the runabout, each holding an insulated bag of breakfast sandwiches.

"Yarrow gave us some money to buy for him and Cyan though," said Saoirse, sitting next to Della and giving them a fist bump.

Pia's stomach dropped and she patted her skirt pockets. "Do you still have it, Saoirse?"

"I put it in your wallet," Saoirse replied. Pia took out her wallet and looked inside. "Something wrong, Pia?"

Pia jumped, and it occurred to her that she'd been staring at the money. "No, he just gave us a lot."

"He said he'd give us some extra for bringing back their food," said Saoirse.

Pia sighed. "It's a lot more than that. You know how when some Andynes are off-world, they spend money like Twoflower in the Mended Drum? No offense, Miss May."

"No offense taken," said May from the pilot's seat. "It's one of those weird Andyne cultural things: discussing prices and haggling are considered rude, so they'd rather throw more money at the problem than ask for prices off-world. It's a tough habit to break, but I'm glad I did."

"Della? I think they went with Azri," said Avaris. "Why?"

"I wanted to ask them about something," said Cyan.

Yarrow knew the name but it took him a second to recall the face. "Della? The kid that babysat us last night?" he piped up.

"What did you want to ask?" Avaris asked Cyan. The blue of Cyan's face deepened: he was blushing, Yarrow realized.

"Oh, you know," said Cyan vaguely. He and Avaris exchanged a glance.

Yarrow's heart sank; after everything, would all of this be too good to be true? "It's nothing...gross, is it? Della's just a kid." He said. Cyan looked at Avaris nervously, and she gave him an encouraging nod.

"It's not that," Cyan said slowly, drawing out the two words. The blue in his face deepened to dull indigo. Yarrow inwardly braced himself. "I think..." Cyan looked Yarrow in the eye with tentative defiance. "I think I'm nonbinary."

Yarrow relaxed. With that came a wave of hunger that momentarily knocked out his desire for a shower. Then he remembered he'd pissed his pants and wanted a shower again. "Oh. Phew. Should I refer to you as they/them?"

Cyan's blush brightened further. "Yes, please."

Yarrow's stomach picked that moment to growl, and it echoed in the tiled room.

Pia wished she hadn't had so much tea as she gently lowered herself to the ground. The daily-use aircraft parking area was just a lot a block away from downtown Segoe, swept clean after the foxfire festival in almost gridlike squares: vendors had parked there the day before and were required to sweep the ground around their airships before they left.

"You're getting out here?" Saoirse asked May, lightly hopping down from the ship.

"Pickup for Yara and Zinda is on the pier at one," said Azri. Pia fidgeted with her skirt while they walked, glad that she and Saoirse were so close to the restaurant. Saoirse came up beside her and took her hand, squeezing it reassuringly.

"Oh yeah, they stayed in that hotel down in the lake, didn't they?" Saoirse furrowed her eyebrows. "...The Fighting Nautilus?"

"The Freshwater Nautilus," corrected Della. "But that's close. There's a tavern called the Fighting Nautilus in Nilbog."

Pia and Saoirse split off from their group near the end of the pier. The chatter from the school pickup at the pier almost drowned out the sound of the waves lapping at the lakeshore. It made Pia need to pee. She could already see the sign for Hyachna's Shins over the nearest row of buildings.

"Pia! Saoirse!" said a familiar voice. Bun and his partner Montip strode toward them.

___________________________________

Posting today because it's my birthday. Also this is the chapter that pic of Bun and Montip is from. And the next one. ðŸ˜„

*100*2024-02-26 08:19

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

Happy late birthday! Since I couldn't reply on the your actual birthday

}}

You got it on the day of - before midnight in my time zone anyway. ðŸ˜› Thanks! â¤ï¸

*101*2024-03-01 11:17

Part 64:

Bun and Montip wore matching gray robes from the outdoor locker facility on the pier. Saoirse felt some resistance from Pia's hand when she started walking toward Bun and Montip, stopped, and turned. Mayra had caught Pia's arm.

"If you need to get out, you can call me at any time. I'll head back, no questions asked," Mayra told Pia quietly. "I'm happy to be the 'bad guy' if they're trying to pressure you into something you don't want to do." Mayra glared over her shoulder at Bun, who slowed down and smiled nervously back at her.

"Thanks, Miss May. I will," said Pia. Mayra hugged her briefly, kissed her on the top of her head, and gave Saoirse a meaningful look before trotting away to catch up with Azri.

"She said that before our first date," Saoirse mused, watching Mayra's blue and tan peacock wings bob away around a corner.

"She means well," said Pia, pressing her legs together.

"It's not a bad thing. My cousin Rabb used to do that for me when we lived in the City of Rain. She got me out of some bad dates." Saoirse could tell Pia was getting desperate and addressed Bun and Montip as they approached: "Right on time. Let's get to the restaurant."

"Um...Hi. Who was that?" asked Montip. "Your mother?" Their skin and hair were brown, with lighter brown spots across their body, including over their eyes and nose. The spots extended to their scalp, and their hair grew in streaks the same color as the spots.

"She's my boss," Pia spoke up and pulled Saoirse toward the restaurant, motioning for Bun and Montip to follow. "Sorry to rush like this, but I need to use the bathroom."

"We need to go too," agreed Montip. Hyachna's Shins came into view. The lights were on, and a tall andyne with bright yellow wings was wiping down the counters. Saoirse could smell Pia's nerves singing in anticipation as they approached the door. She let go of Saoirse's hand to grip the handle. When she pulled on it, the door stayed firmly in place.

"It's locked," Pia squeaked. The sign on the door said that the restaurant opened at one o'clock on Mondays. "What time is it?"

Bun, carrying a hip bag over his robe, reached into it and pulled out a timepiece. "It's 12:37."

"And it's Monday," Pia took a deep, steadying breath. She was normally much better at hiding her desperation, but she'd been nervous all morning. Saoirse had long since noticed that stress seemed to make Pia's medication less effective and her bladder fill up quicker, especially after drinking caffeine.

"We could go under the pier again," Saoirse suggested.

"There's some sort of school thing going on there," said Bun. "We were going to stop there for uh...the same reason, but people are wandering around all over the place."

Pia gulped, "There's an alley behind the restaurant."

The alley behind the restaurant served all of the businesses on that side of the street, and the long low planters from the night before closed off that side of the alley, stacked in neat pairs, the top of which was a bit below Saoirse's hip height. The foxfire mushrooms had been taken out, leaving a neatly flattened base of sandy soil.

A sharp tang of distressed urine alerted Saoirse, streaming down Pia's legs in rapid drips. Pia made a decision, and Saoirse barely caught her skirt, gathering up the back as Pia sat on the and of the nearest planter, moaning "no no no no no" under her breath.

Saoirse sat down next to Pia while she held up the skirt. She felt Pia shaking and stroked her back, feeling the bumps and ridges of the knotted scars under her dress. The urine soaked quickly into the damp soil, whooshing as Pia relaxed and the flow sped up.

On the opposite side of the planter, Montip pulled up the back of their robe, sat down primly, and started relieving themself in the sandy substrate. Their urine smelled like lake water. Bun sat beside them, trying hard to look nonchalant with the bag on his lap. Saoirse glanced up and down the empty side street while Pia leaned into her shoulder with a small moan. Her flow surged, rushing and splashing like an unseen creek for a few seconds before slowly tapering off. When she was almost finished, Pia checked her dress. Except for some drops near the hem, it was dry.

Pia leaned in and mumbled, "Thanks for grabbing the back of my skirt."

"I've got you," murmured Saoirse.

Bun cleared his throat nervously. "So uh...Pia, how long have you been here? We've had our food stand at the festival here for the last three years and we haven't seen you."

"They were at the last market day in the quarry, remember?" interjected Montip. "There was that nasty storm the night before and you set down there in your airship. We got there before the surface market started, and you two were whistling at the vendors' whales." Pia paled.

"Whistling?" Saoirse said slowly. She didn't remember doing any whistling that night.

"It could have been a vocal call," conceded Montip. "Now that I think about it, I think I heard your name in it somewhere. 'Seer-sha,' right?"

Pia radiated embarrassment. It took Saoirse a second to realize what Montip was talking about.

"That was me. It was an...um...a vocal call," Pia said sheepishly, "I'm no good at whistling. Miss May's tried to teach me and I'm afraid I just-" Pia shifted and let out a secondary burst of piss in the sandy soil. Oddly, the noise seemed to mitigate the awkward silence a little. "I just don't have the knack," Pia sighed. "What time does the underwater market start?"

"Around three in the morning, surface time. On the surface, things start at sunrise," said Montip. Saoirse exchanged a glance with Pia.

"Is something wrong?" asked Montip.

"Pia? Sasha? I thought that was you," said a voice. The yellow-winged andyne from the restaurant came striding around the corner. She was tall and willowy with curly dark ginger hair and a long green dress under her work apron.

Pia sat up, regaining some of her usual composure. She was still trickling into the planter. "Hi, Helly. And it's Saoirse."

"Ah, Saoirse," Helly repeated the name carefully. "Got it. You all can come in and wait if you want. The bathrooms are open, and you can place your orders if you know what you want. It'll just take us a few minutes to get to them."

Pia thanked Helly and said they'd come in soon, and Helly went back inside.

"Did you need to go?" Montip asked Bun under their breath.

Bun whispered, "I don't think I can right now."

_________________________________________

No pic today. I'm trying to design another airship and I can't get it right.

