The Desperate Golfer

Author: Ariose Toast

*000*2019-11-19 05:44

Julie sat by herself, waiting for her golf teammate, Anna, to arrive. She was supposed to be meeting her 15 minutes ago, but Anna had got stuck in traffic and wouldn't arrive for another 15 minutes. In the meantime, Julie had made her way to the clubhouse and ordered something to drink while she waited. Having nothing better to do, Julie absentmindedly sipped on the large coffee she had ordered as she watched other golfers through the window.

Julie felt her phone buzz in her pocket. Anna had finally made it and was in the parking lot. Julie quickly finished off the last couple swigs of her drink, and went out to meet her.

By the time Julie got there, Anna had already unloaded all her equipment from the trunk. They were both anxious to get out on the course, so they grabbed their clubs and immediately got started.

As they asked out towards the first hole, Julie felt the heat beating down in her. But Anna came prepared, handing Julie a water bottle as they got to the first hole.

"Hot out today -- don't forget to stay hydrated!" Anna reminded her.

The first couple holes went well for Julie. She was a much less experienced golfer than Anna, had but managed to keep pace with her so far. Not even today's hot weather could throw her off, though she had already finished off the first bottle of water Anna gave her and started on a second.

Julie soon started to notice a familiar pressure in her bladder. All that coffee she drank earlier was getting ready to come out. Now that they were past the second hole, it would be quite a walk back to the clubhouse at this point. And they still had easily a few more hours before they got through all 18 holes. At the rate her bladder was filling, there was no way Julie would last that long.

By the time they finished the fourth hole, Julie was starting to get desperate. The coffee already was already more than enough to fill her bladder. Once all that water she'd been drinking hit her, she'd have a serious emergency on her hands.

As they made their way to hole 5, Julie's mind was much more focused on ways she could empty her bladder than the next round of golf. With the state her bladder was in, every tree and bush they passed looked like a potential spot for relief. But Julie was much too embarrassed to ask Anna to stop and wait for her while she peed in a bush.

Her bladder was so full, Julie had trouble keeping still during her swing, and hole 5 was a complete disaster for her. Fortunately, Anna also struggled on the hole, which made Julie's mishits seem less bad. Anna even missed an easy put, which was really surprising. Anna had been a really consistent putter as long as Julie had known her.

Thanks to their mishaps, that hole had taken a long time, and Julie was ready to burst. As they walked to the sixth hole, it felt like her bladder could release all its contents with every step. She'd just have to get over her embarrassment and ask Julie to take a break. They had just reached hole 6; now would be the perfect time.

But before she could ask, Anna spoke up.

"Hey, could you go first for this hole? Thanks." Anna always went first when they played, but when Julie turned around to ask about it, Anna had disappeared. But there was no way Julie was taking this next shot on a full bladder. She'd just end up soaking herself, no doubt.

Anna was still nowhere to be seen. She began to wander a little, trying to find her while simultaneously looking for a nice hidden spot to relieve herself.

Julie spotted a good area behind some foliage to privately relieve her bladder. As she turned the corner round a bush, she was surprised to find Anna pulling up her pants, a large wet spot soaking into the ground next to her. It didnt take Julie long to put two and two together.

"O-oh hey Julie," Anna said, looking embarrassed. "I just, uh, you know, sometimes you --"

But the sight of Anna's relief was too much for Julie's bursting bladder. She tore off her pants and crouched down right next to Anna's puddle. Her gates had already opened, her piss flowing freely into the ground. It felt so good to let go after holding back so much pee. Julie's urine soaked the grass, her whole body releasing tension as her bladder relaxed.

By the time she finally finished, Anna gave her a sympathetic look.

"Gotta do what you gotta do sometimes."

Feeling much better with empty bladders, the girls continued on with their game.

###

It was around the ninth hole when Anna told her, "I think I need to go again."

"Guess that makes two of us."

