Rory Goes To The Girls' Room

Author: Arnold

*000*2021-01-16 20:38

“Oh Darn!” Rory mumbles to herself. As the articulate senior beauty sits there in Journalism class on that chilly autumn afternoon, she feels that familiar feeling in the pit of her stomach. She had felt it -- a somewhat more subtle feeling -- a little over an hour ago just after lunch, but she simply tried to ignore it and put the feeling out of her mind. Obviously, she knew the feeling wasn’t going to just go away, but she was simply hoping to put it off for a while -- at least until she got home from school.

But now that feeling -- that familiar feeling of fullness and pressure within her bowels -- was back and most definitely quite a bit stronger than before. Again, Rory tried to wait and put the feeling out of her mind. But this time, the feeling wasn’t going away at all. This time the feeling was only becoming more urgent. Now she started to feel it push outward and the pretty and popular brunette had to clamp her butt cheeks together to prevent it happening right there in Journalism class.

Now, Rory had never been one to stubbornly avoid doing such business here at school when necessary. She knew girls like that -- girls that would just stubbornly hold it in and wait and stubbornly refuse to do it here in the girls’ rooms at school. They’d simply refuse to go at school no matter how desperate they became. Rory was certainly not like that. In fact, she thought it silly to make yourself uncomfortable holding it in like that -- especially when the girls’ room here at Chilton Academy weren’t bad at all as school bathrooms go.

Still, Rory -- like just about every girl her age -- when given the choice would prefer her own bathroom at home to any of the girls’ rooms here at school. For peeing, it really didn’t matter all that much -- pretty much any decently clean bathroom was fine for that. But when it came to doing a bowel movement -- or “doing the deuce” as some of the other girls here at school would crudely say -- Rory’s own bathroom at home was unquestionably the preferred place. But with Rory’s current need continuing to make itself known -- and with 2 more periods left in the school day -- this was clearly becoming one of those days when she simply needed to take care of such business at school.

“Well, no use fighting it,” the pretty honor student thinks to herself. “Ma’am?” Rory, raising her hand, asks her teacher politely, “May I please go to the girls’ room?” Especially with Mrs. O’Malley, Rory knew, of course, how important it was to ask “May I?” instead of “Can I?” Even so, Mrs. O’Malley didn’t like it when class was interrupted. “Is it an emergency?” she, annoyed, asks Rory. Rory wasn’t quite sure how to answer that. “Well, I do have to go, Ma’am,” she tells her teacher. “O.K. -- go ahead,” she tells Rory. “Hurry back,” Mrs. O’Malley adds as Rory heads out the classroom door.

The nearest girls’ room was just down the hall and Rory headed there with deliberate pace.

At first glance, the girls’ rooms at Chilton with their pedestal sinks and old-fashioned wooden stall partitions, would seem old and rundown. But a closer look would reveal a certain charm and elegance. And kept as clean and well-maintained as they typically were, the weren’t at all unpleasant to use. This particular girls’ room had 6 sinks along one wall and 6 stalls along the other. Rory headed quickly for the farthest stall along the side wall. That was the stall that most girls typically went to -- “stall #2” it was euphemistically called -- when they needed to do more than just pee. Happily for Rory there was no other girls in there at the time but the convenience of that particular stall -- with a wall on one side and only one adjoining stall -- assured at least a little more privacy for when girls had to handle that particular kind of business here at school.

Quickly checking the toilet seat for cleanliness and noting an adequate supply of toilet paper, Rory carefully bolts the stall door shut. She likes how the wooden stall doors fit tightly to minimize gaps in the stall partitions and how they all have secure locks to protect a girl’s privacy. Reaching under her Chilton uniform skirt, Rory quickly pulls down her panties and makes herself comfortable on the toilet seat. Relaxing her tight control, she’s a bit surprised that her bowel movement is not immediately forthcoming.

Giving it a little push at first and then a little harder push, Rory then feels it starting. A small dribble of pee comes out as well. Once started it’s all quite easy and pleasant. Rory just sits and lets it happen -- It isn’t at all painful coming out and it doesn’t even need another push at all. But it is indeed a large and solid bowel movement and it does take it’s sweet time in sliding itself out. The pretty senior brunette just sits there relaxed and lets her bowels do their work pushing it out. Eventually -- finally! -- she starts to feel it taper off and then drop from her behind.

Rory breaths a sigh of relief. She sits a moment and just enjoys the feeling of relief at having dropped such a substantial load and she’s happy she decided to do it now in school rather than trying to wait to do it at home later. And she’s also happy at having the privacy of being alone in the girls’ room when she did it. Reaching for the toilet paper, she can tell immediately it’s not quite as nice as her toilet paper at home but it’s not quite as bad as some of the toilet paper she’s encountered in other public bathrooms. She rolls herself a thick wad and runs it through the crack of her behind. For such a seemingly solid bowel movement, Rory is surprised that the toilet paper comes out as dirty as it does. Rolling herself another thick wad, she repeats the process. This time the toilet paper is a bit cleaner, of course, but still surprisingly dirty.

This turns out to be a considerably more difficult job of cleaning herself than Rory had expected. She rolls herself a third thick wad and this time it seems she’s making more progress. She refolds the same toilet paper wad and gives herself another wipe -- this time digging deeper to really get her butt clean. Taking another look at the toilet paper, she sees the job is just about done. Rolling herself just one more wad -- Rory really hates getting skidmarks in her panties -- she gives herself one more deep wipe for good measure. This time the toilet paper comes back virtually clean and Rory decides she’s done. Taking one more bit of toilet paper -- this time scrunching it rather than folding it -- she dries herself after having peed a bit before.

Standing and pulling up her panties, Rory then turns to look at what she’s done in the toilet. Suffice to say, she’s impressed with herself. For such a skinny girl, Rory typically does do impressive bowel movements -- healthful eating and a good bit of coffee to keep things moving along, I suppose -- but this one is impressive even by those standards. It’s all one long, thick, healthy-looking log -- surrounded now in the toilet bowl by a good bit of toilet paper. Flushing it, it first has a bit of trouble going down -- the thick log and a good bit of toilet converging and causing a bit of a clog at the bottom of the bowl. But just as quickly -- as the water momentarily circles and rises in the bowl -- the water pressure in the large, old-fashioned toilet clears the clog and takes it all down. Rory breaths a sigh at relief at that.

Over at the sinks, Rory meticulously washes her hands and carefully dries them. She quickly checks herself in the mirror and smoothing her skirt back into place, she dutifully heads back to Journalism class. Re-entering the classroom, she gets a disapproving look from Mrs. O’Malley -- the disapproval, obviously, being at Rory being gone as long as she was. But Rory, making eye contact back, somehow manages to convey that this wasn’t simply a matter of her having to pee. Mrs. O’Malley gets the message and nods to Rory that she understands and it’s alright.

