FlowPause

Author: alleycat89

*000*2025-05-01 16:35

They called it “The Future of Focus.”

FlowPause™ was the latest neuro-integrated implant from Synaptix Solutions, a company famous for bold claims and even bolder HR policies. A small device, no larger than a vitamin capsule, was implanted at the base of the spine during onboarding.

Its function? Simple.

It muted the urge to pee.

Not the bladder itself — just the nerves responsible for telling you it was full. For eight-hour workdays, employees could “achieve uninterrupted productivity,” free from the tyranny of nature.

The best part? No more time wasted on bathroom breaks.

Because there were no bathrooms.

Not a single toilet in the entire twelve-story building.

And for a while, no one complained. How could they? FlowPause worked flawlessly. Meetings ran smoother. Deadlines were crushed. The quarterly earnings skyrocketed. Management sent out weekly emails praising the team’s “bladder-blind hustle.”

But today — something was wrong.

Kara noticed it first.

She sat at her desk in the open-concept workspace, fingers dancing over her keyboard, when a dull pressure stirred low in her abdomen. Not pain. Not even discomfort. Just… a presence.

Her eyes flicked to the corner of her monitor. The FlowPause dashboard — normally glowing soft blue — was pulsing red.

SYNC ERROR: IMPLANT SIGNAL INTERRUPTED

She blinked.

Then winced.

The pressure spiked. Fast.

All around her, a low murmur rose from the floor. People shifting in their seats. Standing up. Looking around.

One guy was already doubled over.

Kara’s stomach flipped.

If the servers were down… if the signal was gone…

FlowPause was failing.

And their bladders had been filling for hours.

Kara’s fingers trembled as she hit the internal call shortcut for IT Support.

The line clicked. A cheerful synthetic voice greeted her.

“Thank you for calling the Synaptix Solutions Tier 1 Tech Helpline! This call may be monitored for quality assurance and bladder neutrality.”

A click, then ringing.

Three rings.

Four.

Finally: “IT Desk, this is Caleb. How can I assist you today?”

Kara didn’t waste time. “My FlowPause is… glitching or offline or something. I’m starting to feel—well, everything.”

A pause. Keyboard clacking.

“Okay, just to clarify,” Caleb said in the flat tone of someone balancing apathy and protocol, “you’re experiencing restored bladder awareness?”

“Yes!” Kara hissed. “And I haven’t gone since before work. It’s—oh my word—it’s bad. I’m seriously about to—”

“Understood.” More typing. “I’ll need you to submit a ticket.”

Kara blinked. “I’m submitting a ticket right now! It’s a phone call!”

“I mean through the HelpCore portal,” Caleb clarified. “FlowPause issues fall under Bio-Neuro Tech Category B. You’ll want Subcategory B-4 for Device Sync Interrupts.”

“I don’t have time to submit a form!” Kara said, legs clenching beneath her desk. “I need a solution now!”

“I’m sorry,” Caleb replied. “Due to the volume of inquiries, response times for non-critical implant issues may be delayed.”

“Non-critical?” she nearly shrieked.

“If you begin experiencing fluid loss,” Caleb added, “please notify HR immediately. For dignity containment.”

Kara ended the call before she said something that would get her fired.

She looked around.

Others were sweating now. Pacing. Breathing fast.

FlowPause was down across the board.

And the company had no bathrooms.

Kara stood—carefully, clenching her thighs together like a human drawstring bag—and made her way toward the glass-walled corner office where her manager, Brent, sat sipping from a mug that said GRIND NEVER LEAKS.

She knocked once.

He looked up. Smiled. “Kara! Crushing those Q2 numbers, I hope?”

She stepped in and shut the door behind her. “Brent, I need to go home.”

His smile faltered, but only slightly. “Oh?”

“My FlowPause is down. It’s not syncing. I’m starting to—” she lowered her voice, “feel things.”

Brent nodded solemnly. “Ah. The Sync Interruption.”

“So you know?”

“Of course. Company-wide. We got the IT bulletin about twenty minutes ago. They’re working on it.”

“Brent, I’m seriously about to wet myself,” Kara said, blunt now. “I haven’t gone since this morning and I had two cold brews and a smoothie. I need to leave.”

He gave a regretful shrug. “I totally hear you. Believe me, I’m feeling it too. But per Synaptix Policy 11.7, no non-preapproved departures during active downtime.”

Her jaw dropped. “Are you kidding?”

“If we let one person go,” he said, holding up a finger, “we have to let everyone go. Then productivity tanks. Then we’re just another startup with bathrooms and excuses.”

“I will literally piss on this floor.”

“Let’s not go nuclear,” Brent said gently. “Try some stretches. Recenter your mindset. Hydration stress is 40% psychological.”

Kara stared at him in disbelief.

Brent leaned back, smiling like a man who wasn’t moments from a human rights violation. “You’re doing great. Just hold it together.”

She turned and left without a word.

Behind her, Brent muttered, “Mind over matter, Kara.”

And took another sip from his empty mug.

Kara stormed out of Brent’s office, her jaw tight, her bladder tighter.

Her outfit, once a sharp mix of confidence and comfort, now felt like a tactical error. She wore fitted black slacks, high-waisted and aggressively snug around the midsection — perfect for boardrooms, hell for bladder pressure. Her blouse was tucked in, crisp white with rolled sleeves and a soft satin sheen that clung slightly from sweat. Over it all, a slim-cut navy blazer that looked like power but felt like suffocation.

Every step back to her desk was calculated. Smooth. Controlled. Pretending like she wasn’t internally screaming.

Across the room, she spotted Dev.

Dev sat cross-legged at his desk, bouncing one leg with increasing intensity. He was hunched over a marketing slide deck, but his face looked pale — focused, strained. His FlowPause icon blinked red on his monitor, same as hers.

She made a beeline toward him.

“Dev,” she whispered urgently, leaning in.

He looked up with bloodshot eyes. “If you’re about to ask how I’m doing, the answer is ‘somewhere between panic and puddle.’”

Kara let out a tiny, miserable laugh. “Same. Brent won’t let me leave.”

Dev snorted. “Neither will Liza. She said we’re ‘all in this together.’ Like we’re in a bladder musical.”

“I tried the IT desk.”

“Oh no. Let me guess: ‘Submit a ticket and change your mindset’?”

Kara nodded grimly. “They said to notify HR in case of ‘fluid loss.’ Like I’m a leaky faucet, not a human person.”

Dev grimaced and shifted in his seat, clearly fighting back a wave. “There’s gotta be a way out of this.”

Kara looked around the open floor.

More people were standing. Shifting. Whispering.

Desperation was spreading.

And something was going to break.

Soon.

Kara was about to respond when her ears caught something—sharp, steady, unmistakable.

PSSSSHHHHHHH...

A harsh, rhythmic sound—like a faucet opened all the way, but echoing oddly against metal.

She froze.

Dev did too.

They both turned slowly, eyes scanning the open office. Then they saw it.

Across the floor, near the copy station, someone was hunched awkwardly behind a standing whiteboard. A small trash can, stainless steel and lined with a thin bag, was just barely visible beside them.

And the sound continued.

Kara’s mouth dropped open.

“Are they—?”

“Oh my word,” Dev whispered.

The sound grew louder. More insistent. It splashed against the sides of the can with ferocious relief, the kind that only came from hours of suppression.

Others were noticing now. Heads turned. A few gasps. One woman stood up abruptly, knocking her ergonomic chair to the floor.

The person behind the whiteboard gave a tiny grunt of effort—then silence.

A pause.

Then the trash can clattered as it was hastily nudged back under a desk.

The whiteboard rolled away.

And there stood Gavin, from compliance.

Red-faced.

Avoiding eye contact.

Still zipping up his fly.

Someone near him muttered, “Dude.”

Another whispered, “Honestly… respect.”

Kara’s bladder surged at the sound. The mere auditory suggestion of release sent a brutal pulse through her abdomen.

She grabbed the edge of Dev’s desk and squeezed.

“I can’t take much more,” she hissed.

Dev was wide-eyed. “This is going to unravel fast.”

Kara nodded, sweat beading on her temples.

The office was holding—barely.

But they all knew:

It wouldn’t last.

It happened only moments later.

No warning this time. No subtle sounds behind whiteboards. No plans or hiding or improvised containers.

Just collapse.

Kara saw her from the corner of her eye—Jenna, one of the UX leads. Always stylish, always composed. Today, she wore a soft beige pantsuit with wide-leg trousers and a cream silk blouse.

She was standing near the coffee station, holding an empty mug, when her posture suddenly shifted. She stiffened. Her legs pressed together hard, one knee slightly bent inward. Her free hand gripped the counter beside her.

And then her face—shock. Panic. Disbelief.

“Oh—no—no no—”

Her voice cracked.

Everyone turned.

A dark stain began to spread down the front of her pants, rapidly soaking through the thin fabric, saturating everything from her inner thighs to her knees. The splash of liquid hit the tile floor beneath her with a cruel, echoing pat-pat-pat.

She gasped, one hand fluttering in the air, the other still gripping the counter as if she could hold her body together by force of will alone.

Someone whispered, “She’s—she’s peeing.”

She was.

It was unstoppable. Uncontrollable. A full-body surrender.

By the time it finished, a wide, shimmering puddle surrounded her flats. Her mouth trembled. Her eyes darted left and right, searching for anything to hide behind—but there was nothing.

She turned and rushed toward the stairwell, leaving wet footprints behind.

No one laughed.

No one moved.

The office was silent, save for the distant hum of fluorescent lights and Kara’s own heart pounding in her ears.

Dev swallowed hard. “That’s it.”

“What?”

“It’s starting,” he said. “She was the first.”

Kara looked around.

People were shifting again.

Clenching.

Panicking.

Time was running out.

Dev’s breathing was shallow now. He was hunched over his keyboard, one hand gripping the edge of the desk so tightly his knuckles had gone pale, the other grasping his penis with all of his might.

“Dev?” Kara whispered.

He didn’t answer.

He was trembling.

“I—I can’t,” he choked, barely audible. “It’s coming. It’s not—there’s no stopping it.”

Kara watched, helpless.

He stood abruptly, knocking his chair back. His face was flushed, his eyes wide with panic. His hands hovered uselessly at his waist, then dropped.

For one suspended second, the office froze.

And then Dev gasped—just once. He unzipped his pants, pulled out his penis and begin urinating heavily on the floor.

Kara tried not to look, but it was like watching a train wreck, she couldn't help herself. The stream was so large and thick as it shot to the ground.

A heavy splatter hit the carpet below, then grew into a fast, steady stream that puddled at his shoes.

A few coworkers nearby stepped back, stunned.

Dev didn’t try to stop it.

He just stood there, head bowed, letting the torrent finish. His body had given up the fight.

The silence was thick. Dense with secondhand humiliation.

But no one laughed.

No one jeered.

Not with bladders just as full.

Not with their own personal disaster hovering one muscle twitch away.

Dev sank back into his chair, staring straight ahead, eyes unfocused.

Kara turned away, clutching her stomach.

Her own body was screaming now.

And the server? Still down.

There was nowhere to go.

Kara staggered back toward her desk, each step measured, shallow, stiff.

Dev was silent behind her, sitting in his puddle, eyes glazed. The office buzzed now—not with productivity, but with panic. Conversations had stopped. People clutched at their waists, squatted low in their chairs, leaned over desks like it would somehow keep the pressure at bay.

Kara’s slacks felt tighter than they ever had. The waistband cut into her stomach like a vice, and the subtle throbbing in her lower abdomen had evolved into a fierce, rhythmic pounding that radiated up her spine.

She sat down—gently—legs pressed together, ankles crossed, hands gripping the arms of her chair.

Just hold it. Just hold it a little longer.

Her screen still blinked:

FLOWPAUSE ERROR — DEVICE UNSYNCED

She stared at it, blinking back hot, frustrated tears.

And then—it happened.

A single pulse.

A ripple of pressure that surged past her defenses.

She gasped.

No.

No no no—

A sudden heat bloomed beneath her, unmistakable and terrifying.

She clamped down harder, curling her toes in her shoes, thighs locked like steel cables. But it was too late. A single, thin leak had escaped. She could feel the dampness in her underwear. The horror of it. The humiliating betrayal of her own body.

Not enough to show. Not yet.

But she knew.

The flood was coming.

Her breathing hitched. She looked around. No escape. No exits. No bathrooms. Not even an empty trash can.

She closed her eyes, trembling.

This isn’t happening.

Another pulse.

Another warm drop.

It was beginning.

And she was out of time.

Kara stood.

Slowly. Carefully. As if one wrong motion would send everything crashing down.

Her chair was warm.

Not soaked. But damp.

That was enough.

She wouldn't be the next one.

She wouldn’t sit in it. Cry about it. Let it happen to her.

She was going to keep her dignity.

No matter what.

She straightened her blazer—though her hands trembled—and took one step.

A jolt of pressure hit her mid-stride. She winced, squeezed harder, clenched everything. She was sweating now, every muscle on edge, her body whispering let go in louder and louder tones.

She made her way back to Brent’s office.

He was still in there, seated calmly behind his desk, sipping a protein shake like the company wasn’t rapidly devolving into a full-scale bladder catastrophe.

She didn’t knock.

She walked in.

He looked up. “Kara?”

She shut the door behind her. “You’re going to let me leave.”

Brent blinked. “We already discussed this. If I give you an exception—”

“I’m not asking.” Her voice was low, fierce. Her hands were balled into fists at her sides.

Brent opened his mouth, some HR-scripted reply ready on his tongue.

And then Kara did something unexpected.

She stepped forward—two feet from his desk—and sat down on the edge of it, legs clenched, back straight.

“I’ve been clenching for five hours, Brent,” she said, her voice calm but cracking. “My legs are shaking. I’ve already leaked. And if you don’t authorize my departure in the next 60 seconds, I’m going to fully wet myself on your desk.”

He stared at her.

She stared back.

Tick.

Tick.

Tick.

Brent’s mouth worked like a buffering video. He looked genuinely rattled now, his polished corporate poise flickering under pressure.

Then he shook his head.

“I’m sorry, Kara,” he said, voice brittle. “But rules are rules. If we let one person—”

She didn’t wait for him to finish.

She stood.

Unbuttoned her slacks pulling them down along with her red thong underwear, which was now damp - right in front of him. Her pussy was fully on display for Brent, but she didn't care. This was a statement of injustice for her -- for the whole facility.

“Kara—what are you doing—”

She stepped forward, now bare from the waist down, and sat—firmly—on the polished mahogany edge of his desk - and let go.

The release was instant. Violent. Glorious. Urine shot from between her lips, hitting the desk and forcefully being pushed towards Brent who sat shocked in his chair.

The sound of urine hitting lacquered wood echoed through the office like a waterfall inside a boardroom.

Brent shot to his feet, backing away from the desk with wide eyes. “Kara! What the heck?!”

But Kara didn’t answer.

Her head tilted back, eyes fluttering shut. She moaned softly—not in pleasure, but in deep, animal relief. Her whole body shuddered with release.

It went on.

And on.

A puddle formed and trickled off the sides, splattering onto Brent’s shoes.

She looked Brent in the eye.

“You could’ve let me walk out with dignity.”

Brent wiped a splash of liquid from his keyboard with a napkin, “You’re terminated.”

Kara blinked. “What?”

“Effective immediately,” he said, his voice cold. “You defied protocol. You destroyed company property. You exposed yourself to me in a professional setting.”

“I warned you.”

“And I documented it,” he replied. “Your badge is deactivated. HR will escort you off the premises.”

Kara stared at him.

There was no anger on his face.

Just the calm satisfaction of a man who would never need to justify his decision.

She turned.

Walked past stunned faces.

Past coworkers gripping their chairs, their hips, their failing control.

She passed Dev, soaked. Jenna, missing.

And she walked out—fired, yes.

But empty.

Free.

