Sarah's trip to the park

Author: AlmostWet

*000*2024-09-23 01:39

As Sarah, now in college but still living at home, strolled through the park with her aunt, she tugged excitedly on her aunt’s sleeve, her wide eyes focused on the two little girls nearby. “Auntie, did you see? That girl wet her pants!”

The aunt glanced over. “I see that.”

Sarah continued, “I can’t believe it! She looks like she’s ten years old, and she’s right next to the bathroom! Why didn’t she use it instead of going in her pants? I wish I could get away with doing that too.”

The aunt nodded sympathetically. “Sometimes when kids—even kids as big as you—get caught up in playing or watching a good movie, they forget to go to the bathroom, then they wet and sometimes even mess their pants.”

“But Auntie,” Sarah replied, a mixture of fascination and disbelief in her voice, “I can’t imagine doing that! What if mom found out?”

Sarah frowned, her expression shifting to concern. “Id really like to put off using the bathroom till I end up going in my pants too, but I had to stop doing that. Mom gets mad when I have accidents, and I don’t want to get in trouble anymore.”

“True, but remember, when you’re that age, everything feels more intense,” her aunt said, glancing back at the girls. “Maybe she she just was to busy playing and maybe she seceretly likes doing it.

As they walked on, Sarah thought more about the little girls, imagining how she would handle the situation differently. But a part of her couldn’t help but feel a strange thrill at the idea of being that carefree, even just for a moment.

Meeting Sarah’s gaze, the aunt smiled reassuringly. “Sweetheart, I want you to know that I will never be mad at you for something like that. Everyone has accidents sometimes, and it’s okay—even if you make a mess in your pants.”

Sarah’s eyes softened a bit, but she still looked unsure. “Really? You wouldn’t get mad at me?”

Absolutely, not,” the aunt replied with a playful grin. “I bet you will be so cute squirming around because you’re too busy to stop and use the bathroom.”

Sarah couldn’t help but giggle at the thought. “That does sound kind of exciting! My tummy is getting butterflies just thinking about it! In fact, it kind of feels like I need to go potty. Maybe I should stop at the bathroom so Mom doesn't get mad at me.”

The aunt smiled and said, “Wait a minute, don’t go yet. I have an idea! How about this? Why don’t you skip the bathroom stop and come spend the night at my house? You can play as much as you want, and we’ll have lots of time for snacks and lots of drinks. We’ll watch a movie, and if you skip going pee now and drink enough, you won’t be able to wait till the end of the movie. But don’t worry; you don’t have to worry about having an accident; we can change your pants when it’s done.”

As they drove to her aunts house, Sarah’s excitement bubbled over. “Auntie, do you think i will make it through the movie?” I hope not she wispered with a grin.

Her aunt chuckles, “Well, that’s part of the fun, isn’t it? If you feel like you’re about to burst, just remember it ok to keep trying to hold it. Remember, i will never get mad at you for having an accident. Acctually I might enjoy the show.”

Her aunt smiles. “And if you dont make it, it’s no big deal. We’ll just giggle about it, as we clean up okay?”

“Okay!” Sarah replies, her heart racing with anticipation.Her bladder was already telling her that she needed to go soon.

As the movie began, Sarah could feel the familiar pressure building inside her, mixing excitement with a hint of nerves. Her aunt noticed her fidgeting and leaned in, offering a comforting smile. “Remember, it’s okay to hold on until you cant. I’m right here with you.”

With the absorbant pad on the couch under her, Sarah felt reassured. “It is getting really bad. What if I can’t make it?” she asked, her eyes wide.

“Then we’ll just clean up and laugh about it,” her aunt replied, her tone playful. “It’s all part of the fun!”

With that, Sarah relaxed a bit, allowing herself to get lost in the movie while keeping an eye on her growing need. The blend of anticipation and her aunt’s unwavering support made the night feel ultimately special, turning a simple movie into an adventure.

As the movie played on, Sarah felt an insistent pressure building inside her, an electric charge that grew more intense with each passing minute. Her heart raced, and a flush crept up her cheeks. She tried to focus on the screen, but her thoughts were consumed by the growing urgency within her.

Every laugh and gasp from the audience felt amplified, echoing in her mind as she shifted restlessly in her seat. She was hyper-aware of the absorbent pad beneath her, a constant reminder of her predicament. The playful fear of losing control danced at the edge of her consciousness, mixing with a thrill that made her feel both vulnerable and alive.

The tension escalated, and with it came a sweet torment—a delicious mix of anxiety and anticipation. She bit her lip, trying to hold on, but the pressure was relentless. It felt like standing at the edge of a cliff, teetering between exhilaration and dread. The world around her faded, and all she could focus on was the pulse of her own heartbeat and the overwhelming sensation that something had to give.

Each moment stretched out, amplifying her need for release. It was a strange blend of fear and excitement, and in that charged atmosphere, she felt both empowered and utterly unmoored. Then she felt the first dribble escap and wet her panties.

As the tension reached its peak, Sarah felt a sudden rush that overwhelmed her senses. The pressure she had been fighting against became unbearable, a tidal wave crashing over her resolve. In an instant, she lost control.

Warmth spread through her panties then her pants and finaly into the pad, a mix of embarrassment and unexpected relief flooded her system. Time seemed to slow as she processed what had just happened, her heart racing even faster. The movie faded into the background, the sounds blending into a distant hum.

Her cheeks burned, a hot flush creeping up as she glanced around, half-expecting gasps or laughter. But amidst the chaos inside her, there was a surprising sense of liberation. In letting go, she felt a weight lift, the fear dissolving into something more exhilarating.

For a moment, she was suspended in the rush of emotions—a dizzying blend of vulnerability and freedom. The world resumed around her, but she remained enveloped in that chaotic afterglow, where losing control had unexpectedly transformed into a thrill of its own.

The warmth clung to her like a heavy blanket, leaving her feeling both exposed and oddly aroused. Her cheeks flushed with a mix of shame and relief, caught in a surreal moment where she wanted to hide yet also felt a sense of freedom in having let go.

As the credits rolled, her aunt’s knowing smile caught her eye, a silent bond of understanding passing between them. Urgency surged within Sarah, prompting her to rise and make her way to the restroom, but her aunt gently offered to accompany her.

The cool air contrasted sharply with the warmth she had just felt, providing a moment to breathe and collect herself. With her aunt’s gental touch, the clean-up became a soothing erotic ritual, a new feeling of love and acceptance that eased her anxiety and fanned her flames.

Emerging from the restroom, Sarah felt lighter, the overwhelming experience shifting into a newfound sense of self-acceptance. Embracing the chaos of “holding it till it’s too late” felt liberating, and with a smile, she readied herself to face the rest of the evening with renewed confidence. No matter how hectic things became, she realized it was okay to enjoy the moment, even if it meant putting off bathroom breaks as long as she had to even to the point of peeing in her pants again.

With a playful glint in her eye, she stepped back into the living room, feeling a warm sense of camaraderie with her aunt. She knew her aunt would always encourage her to drink more and use the bathroom less, making the night feel even more adventurous. Laughter and excitement filled the air, and Sarah was ready to dive into the fun, embracing the unpredictability that came with it.

*002*2024-09-29 02:51

The morning after watching the little girl in the park and then wet her pants while her and her aunt watched a movie, Sarah woke up with her mind still lingering on the scene in the park. She thought about how vulnerable the girl had seemed. As she got ready for her day, she couldn't shake the feeling of curiosity mixed with empathy.

Sitting by her window, Sarah recalled the laughter and chaos of the park, the warm sun shining down, and the way the little girl’s mom comforted her. It reminded Sarah of how her aunt took care of her after the movie. Sarah decided to ask her aunt to take her for a walk in the park later that day. She wanted to reconnect with those feelings and perhaps find a way to explor them further.

As the day unfolded, Sarah felt a growing sense of anticipation. After breakfast, she approached her aunt, who was reading on the couch. “Hey, can we go for a walk in the park later?” she asked, trying to sound casual.

“Of course! That sounds lovely,” her aunt replied, putting down her book and smiling. “It’s a beautiful day outside.” Sarah said Give me a couple of minutes. her aunt noticed the Sarah drank 2 whole glasses of water and fill her water bottle to take with her. she also noticed Sarahs longing look towards the bathroom as walked past it. I wonder what she is up to her aunt thought to herself with a smile.

Once they arrived at the park, the sun warmed Sarah’s face as she breathed in the fresh air. The laughter of children filled the space, As they strolled along the paths, Sarah shared her thoughts about the little girl’s potty accident, expressing her feelings of curiosity about why she did it and how it made her feel.

Her aunt listened intently, nodding as Sarah spoke. “It’s okay to feel that way, Sarah,” it’s important to experience new things.” sarah shyly mentioned that she might kinda want to see how the little girl felt for herself.

As they walked along the sun-dappled path, Sarah’s heart raced at her own admission. She glanced at her aunt, who raised an eyebrow with a mixture of curiosity and understanding. “You mean, you want to experience peeing in your pants?” her aunt asked gently, a hint of surprise in her voice.

Sarah nodded shyly, her cheeks warming. “I guess I’m just curious about how it feels to let go like that. It’s a little embarrassing, but… I don’t know, it seems exciting in a way.”

Her aunt considered this for a moment, a thoughtful look on her face. “It’s natural to be curious about things we don’t fully understand. Just remember, it’s important to think about how you might feel afterward.

As they walked along the sun-dappled path, Sarah felt a flutter of excitement about her admission. She glanced at her aunt, who raised an eyebrow in a mix of curiosity and understanding.

“Probably a mix of both,” her aunt replied. “But she had someone there to support her, and that made a difference. It’s important to have people we can rely on when we’re feeling vulnerable.”

“That’s why I wanted you to come with me today,” Sarah admitted, her voice soft but sincere.

With a sense of reassurance, Sarah watched the children play, feeling connected to their joy while reflecting on her own emotions. She realized that exploring feelings could be complex, but it was an important part of growing. With her aunt by her side, she felt ready to navigate whatever emotions might arise when she had her impending accident.

As they walked on, Sarah felt the water she had drunk before leaving start to make itself felt. She took another sip from her water bottle and looked at her aunt, excitement and nervousness flickering in her eyes. “I’m starting to need to use the bathroom,” she admitted, her heart racing.

Her aunt glanced at her, sensing the mix of emotions. “That’s completely normal with as much as you have been drinking. Are you sure you want to do this?”

Sarah shook her head slightly, feeling a surge of determination. “Yes, I think I want to keep walking. I still have things to figure out,” she said, her voice firm but soft.

Her aunt smiled encouragingly. “Okay, let’s keep going then.

They continued along the winding paths, surrounded by the sounds of children playing and the gentle rustle of leaves. As Sarah walked, she felt a blend of excitement and something else she wasnt sure about,this couldnt be turning her on could it? curious about what this experience would be like. Each step was a mix of anticipation and reflection, and she was ready to navigate whatever feelings came next.

As they walked on, Sarah became increasingly aware of the urge she felt. The gentle breeze brushed against her face, but her thoughts kept circling back to her curiosity and to the growing tingly itch she was feeling. If she didn't know better she would have sworn her panties were feeling a little wet already. But that couldn't be, she hadnt peed yet.

Her aunt, sensing her contemplation, turned to her and asked, “How are you doing?”

Sarah took a deep breath, considering her response. “I’m okay, just thinking about things,” she replied, trying to sound casual.

Her aunt smiled gently. “It’s perfectly fine to feel a bit overwhelmed. Sometimes exploring our feelings can be a lot to process.”

Encouraged by her aunt’s understanding, Sarah felt a mix of excitement and nervousness. “Yeah, I guess I’m just curious about what I'm feeling.”

As they walked further into the park, Sarah became increasingly aware of her need. With each step, the urge intensified, and she felt a mix of excitement and apprehension. The laughter of children playing nearby and the bright colors of the flowers were still enchanting, but now they were overshadowed by her growing discomfort.

She glanced at her aunt, who walked beside her, and suddenly felt a wave of uncertainty wash over her. “What if I lose my nerve?” she thought, her heart racing. The thrill she had initially felt began to fade, replaced by a sense of urgency that made her stomach twist.

Her aunt noticed the change in Sarah’s expression. “Are you okay, Sarah?” she asked gently, concern in her voice.

Sarah bit her lip and admitted, “I’m starting to have second thoughts. The urge is getting stronger, and I’m I can't wait much longer.”

Her aunt paused, looking at her with warmth and understanding. “That’s completely okay. We can find a restroom if you want.

Sarah’s thoughts drifted back to the little girl in the park. “You know,” she said to her aunt, “the little girl didn’t run to the bathroom when she was about to have her accident. She just stayed where she was, and I think that’s kind of brave I can be brave too.”

Sarah took a deep breath. “I guess… I don’t want to run away from this feeling either. Maybe I can keep going for a bit longer, just like she did.”

Her aunt nodded, understanding the mix of emotions Sarah was navigating.

As they continued walking, Sarah’s need became increasingly overwhelming. With each step, it felt harder to focus on anything else. The vibrant park around her blurred into the background as her thoughts fixated on the urgency building inside her. She felt a wave of panic rise within her. “I don’t know if I can hold on much longer,” she admitted, her voice trembling slightly.

Her aunt noticed the change in Sarah’s demeanor and immediately sensed her discomfort. “Do you want to find a restroom now?” she asked gently, concern etched on her face.

Sarah hesitated, feeling torn between her curiosity and the pressing need. “I wanted to keep going, but… it’s really getting hard,” she confessed, her heart racing.

“It’s okay,” her aunt reassured her. “You don’t have to push yourself any farther".

As they continued walking, Sarah felt the urge become almost overwhelming. She glanced at her aunt, a mix of determination and apprehension in her eyes. “No bathroom,” she said firmly. “I can't make it that far anyway, I'm fully committed now like it or not.”

Sarah needed a moment to collect her thoughts. “Can we sit on that bench for a bit?” she asked, her voice tinged with urgency.

Her aunt smiled and nodded. “Of course! Let’s take a break.”

They made their way to the nearby bench. The park around them was bustling with activity, but in this moment, she appreciated the chance to pause and gather herself. Sitting there, she took a deep breath, feeling both the thrill of the experience and the weight of her bladder.

She soon felt the need become too much to ignore, a pressing urgency that intensified with each passing moment. A warmth spread beneath her, pooling around her feet, and she realized she was peeing her pants in the middle of the park just like the girl had done yesterday. The embarrassment washed over her like a wave, but she couldn't help but feel a strange sense of relief that became electric shocks that pulsed through her entire body.

Her aunt ask "Did you just have an orgasm?"

Sarah nodded "I think so"

