Returning Home

Author: Axis

*000*2018-09-15 11:15

Returning Home

@@by Axis Ying

Four years, three major switches, two decent friends, and one last crazy night of fun and vodka before going back home to Colorado. That’s how I would sum up my college experience.

My name is Stacey, a smallish girl with biggish plans. Now that I have a piece of paper that says I know how to draw, my art career will surely take off. But that’s not what this is about. You wanna hear about how I wet my pants, right? I don’t blame you. It’s a fairly interesting story if you ask me.

I woke up with a headache and a full bladder. I took pills for one and emptied out the other, I’m sure you can figure out which is which. My roommate Bethany was waiting to say goodbye, as she was a couple months behind me in school and would be staying a little longer. I got ready to leave, giving her a hug and a kiss on the cheek, thanking her for the good times as she did the same to me. I’d already bid farewell to my friends and favorite professors, so it was time to get in my Civic and head home. It was a six hour journey and I was hung over like clothes on a line, so I thought there’d be no harm in making myself a coffee-tea combo to get me through the long trip without zoning out and crashing my car.

This would turn out to be a huge mistake.

It wasn’t until a couple of hours’ driving that my body started trying to get my attention. “Um, you should probably find somewhere to pee,” it seemed to say. No big deal, I thought to myself. Find a McDonald’s or a truck stop, or at worst, pull over where no one’s around. The closer I got to my mountainous home, the hillier it got. I started climbing over a large slope, unable to see anything beyond it as I drove toward the top. Beginning to squirm, I hoped to see somewhere to relieve myself on the other side. I reached the summit, and peered beyond the hill. My hopes were dashed across an ocean of traffic, blocking my way forward. I got as far forward as I could before stopping and crossing my legs in my seat. I ranted to myself about how bullshit this was and how people shouldn’t even be up this early, occasionally reaching down to give myself a quick squeeze.

Time slowed to a crawl, it seemed, as traffic inched forward every few minutes. I bounced in my seat, staring at the car in front of me like it would disappear if I did so hard enough. To my amazement, it actually sort of worked. Not unlike what I was urged to let my bladder do, traffic began to flow forward at a steady pace. My lips formed a smile and I hit the gas, happy to be moving again. “Phew…” I said to myself, “I thought I was gonna piss my pants!” Poor Stacey of the past, you naïve girl.

@@Fun fact about mountain roads, some of them can stretch on seemingly forever without actually coming across any civilization. The natural air was nice, though, so I lowered my window to enjoy it. I kept curving my way around the rocky terrain, wishing I had the courage and complete lack of dignity to get out of my car and water one of the trees that passed me by without worrying about anyone seeing me. My bladder was really starting to get to me, urging me to forget about how expensive and embarrassing it would be to just let go. Just as I started seriously considering granting my body’s request, a town came into view. Finally, a place to- oh, it’s a sign for a realtor. I frowned, narrowing my eyes as I passed the picture of a future local development. I had never felt hatred for a billboard before that moment. I giggled to myself as I thought of peeing on it, seeing that as a fitting punishment for making me think I was close to relief. Nevertheless, I had to keep going before I ran out of time. I was actually not far from home at this point. I didn’t like the idea of my first time seeing them in almost a year being me bowling them over to get to the bathroom, moaning as I gushed into their toilet, but my options were becoming limited.

I felt the first leak as I rounded a corner, driving past my old middle school. The adjusted speed limit could suck my nonexistent dick, I was a woman on a mission. The red light at the end of the street was harder to ignore, though I managed to do so until I noticed it about two seconds before I was gonna run right through into opposing traffic. I hit the brakes, my seatbelt digging uncomfortably into my bladder as I skidded to a stop. Needless to say, a little more of my precious urine escaped into my panties. I wanted to check my jeans but cringed at the thought of bending over. It was then that I heard the unmistakable sound of a plastic bottle rolling around in the backseat, having been knocked loose from my sudden stop.

Jackpot~!

I reached back and grabbed for it, stretching as far as I could. I grinned as I felt my fingers wrap around the neck, sitting back up and giving the bottle a little hug. I felt like a kid on Christmas, opening up my jeans like a gift from Santa. I was about to pull my panties down when the driver behind me decided to let me know the light was green.

HONK!!

I tensed up, my thighs slamming together as I dropped the bottle. I silently raged in my head, hitting the gas and lurching forward. At the earliest opportunity, I pulled over. I swear I had never had to pee this badly in my life. I felt around for the bottle, picking it up and getting my panties down. I was seconds away. Seconds were all I had left. I was completely focused on the task at hand. I was in a world of my very own, pressing the bottle’s lips against my own. It was time. Sadly, the universe disagreed.

“Stacey!? Stacey Marsh! It’s me, Franklin!”

Of all the people to get in the way of my sorely needed relief, Franklin? My cheating ex-boyfriend from high school? Why was he even talking to me!? No time to think about that, I dropped the bottle and hid my shame, zipping up just as he came up to my window.

“What’s up, Stace? I haven’t seen you in years!”

“Yeah, it’s been a while, huh?” I’m sure my politeness sounded forced, but I was beyond caring.

“No kidding…hey what are you doing later? Since you’re back in town, we should really catch up, get a few…uhh….are you okay?”

I had started to tremble from the sheer effort it took to keep from peeing. Then, I had an epiphany. What do I care more about, relieving my tortured bladder, or what this complete douchebag thinks of me? The answer couldn’t have been more clear.

“What’s that sound? Are you…holy shit, you are! What the hell? Christ, you’re even crazier than you were in high school. Ever heard of a toilet? I mean, how old are you?” Franklin went on like that, but I couldn’t hear him too well after driving away, pee gushing through my jeans and pooling under my butt. I grinned, enjoying myself as I drove down my parents’ street. Peeing had never felt so good, and the cozy warmth made it all the sweeter.

It was humiliating, watching my parents double take as their greetings were cut short by the sight of their adult daughter with soaking wet pants. they were concerned at first, but after I told them the story they were a lot more understanding. Once I had a shower and a change of clothes, I was feeling much better. My dad insisted on paying for the new car seat, so I painted a portrait of him in exchange. At the time, I was beside myself with embarrassment, but nowadays we just look back on that day and laugh.

It felt good to be home.

