Shelly's Dream

Author: AliasnameTO

*000*2018-04-27 02:30

This story came together quite quickly. I really love Shelly and Erica (egotistical since I made them up, I know) but I just adore writing about them. Here's their latest adventure, much smaller in scope than Swiftbrooke but hopefully just as enjoyable.

Shelly's Dream

Shelly McGill stood at the restroom’s threshold while waves crashed in her bladder. She sucked in air and bore down on holding to avoid an accident. Heaps of red curls fell in her eyes when she bent at the waist, forcing her to fix her hair with one hand while keeping the other one to squeeze between her legs. Her groans and whimpers were growing louder, almost audible to others now. She had gotten into the habit lately of holding her pee for fun, but how had it gotten this bad so fast?

Still, there was no way she was going in there. She should have done it anyway, being dressed in only panties and a big T-shirt out here in public. Despite feeling great and indulging her exhibitionist side, she could not guess at why she would actually go out like this, and was ready to be out of view. She had actually congratulated herself a minute before falling victim to this circumstance. Finding the courage to go out without so much as taking a pair of shoes with her, something she had promised to do for some time, had been fantastic. But now a problem had arisen: the floor inside was just too nasty.

The terrible fact remained that she had to pee, right now, and did not want to annoy her friends, who were patiently waiting for her to handle the fallout of her fashion choices. In she went, tiptoeing to minimize contact of the grime with her unprotected feet.

Her bladder pushed harder with her goal so near, spotting her underwear and fingers with warm liquid. She groaned loud enough to make an echo, but doubted anyone else could hear. The restroom itself proved as labyrinthine as it was gross. All around were multiple, interconnected chambers, like the locker room at a sports complex. Somehow she had missed finding this part of the mall after years of going. There were sinks, showers, lockers, and finally, toilets. But like the other accommodations, they were just… there. At least the showers had curtains around them. The toilets were in a row on the wall, with no partitions of any kind to cover them.

Even though there was no one in sight and Shelly’s strength was fading, she could not bear to sit on one of them. What if someone came in? Where were the ones with privacy? She stood there, staring at the offensive plumbing, pee-dancing on the filthy tile.

Wait a second. The showers! They were the only feature around that could hide her activities, and by virtue of being showers, there would be far less dirt and God-knows what else under her toes because it would run down the drain. She darted into one and closed the curtain. Victory and relief at last. She hitched up her shirt and began to pull her panties down.

However, with her fate finally secure, other parts of her mind began to work. Just because she was in a bathroom did not mean she had to play by the rules. She was already planning to pee in the drain of a public shower. But the the sorry state of the room’s cleanliness meant she could go anywhere she wanted. After all, a little extra pee on the floor would do no considerable harm. Her only true concern was being literally caught with her pants down. She could just leave them on and pee through them. She could turn a faucet on to mask the sound of the stream, and if she heard someone coming, she could just cut off the flow, pretend she was washing her hands, and resume looking for a better place. The better plan was formed. She pulled her panties back up, enjoying the cool spot in the middle and her delicious desperation for another moment before emerging from the shower. She turned the handle of a sink on the opposite side, picked a spot in the middle of the floor, and squatted.

Her panties filled with hot pee. Her chest heaved from the amazing feeling and the rush of doing something mischievous. Soon, a loud splattering rung out on the tile under her.

Erica’s giggling voice cried out, “Shelly, what are you doing?” She had appeared in the bathroom, catching sight of Shelly in her vulnerable moment.

Meanwhile, Shelly looked back at her. The question did not sound threatening. Erica had already seen her pee at least twice since they had become friends, in her pants both times as a matter of fact. And right now, being bad felt too good. She made no effort to stop. So what if she sees? “I just felt like going right here,” she explained. Erica was bound to find out about Shelly’s little fixation eventually.

The girl peeing on the floor was in the midst of a bigger problem. She had expected to get drops on her feet and ankles like she had so many other times when squatting, but found the pee was just running around to the outside of her right leg, even trickling up to saturate the side of her shirt. The splattering stopped, since the pee was going sideways rather than down.

“Shelly, you’re peeing on yourself,” Erica said. She was some distance away from Shelly, but her voice was soft, as if she was right by Shelly’s side.

Only now did Shelly’s embarrassment bloom. “I know, I’m sorry,” she pleaded, pee continuing to run in a bizarre pattern up her clothes, “I’m trying not to though.”

“Shelly, wake up.”

Shelly stirred. She was lying on her side on Erica’s bed, with her friend standing over her, nudging her shoulder. The lights were on, and Erica’s computer emitted a faint whir. The strange, disgusting bathroom had been a dream. But did that mean… She threw back the light blanket over her in horror.

It did. Her right side, and a wide portion of Erica’s bed, squelched with fresh urine. Shelly covered her face with her hands, not caring about the pee on her fingers.

“Oh my gosh! I’m SO sorry! I had a dream where I had to go to the bathroom, and everything seemed so normal. Oh, let me put the bed stuff in the laundry, it should be alright afterward. I can’t believe I did--”

“Shelly!” Erica demanded, “Breathe! It’s okay. Don’t worry about it. Seriously, like, at all.”

“Are you sure?” Shelly pleaded, willing the tears back into her eyes, “I totally ruined your bed.”

“Well, sort of,” Erica conceded, “But it’s not like I’m not used to it. Remember this is like a nightly thing for me. The mattress has a cover on it. Although I do try to keep it to the bottom sheet and not get it on literally everything.”

“Sorry,” Shelly said again.

“It’s fine,” Erica insisted, motioning for her to get up, “You can help me clean up if it makes you feel better.”

“Sure.” After Shelly changed into dry clothes, the pair bundled the wet things, and Erica started the washing machine. It was not terribly late; they had plenty of time to finish the laundry before it became unwise to stay up any longer. Slowly, acceptance of what happened grew in Shelly. The girls returned to the bedroom and got back into streaming tv shows.

After rebuilding the bed a few hours later, Shelly made sure to pee again after brushing her teeth. She lay next to Erica in bed, unable to sleep right away.

“You know,” Erica said, “It’s actually kind of cool what happened to you.”

“Cool?!” Shelly stammered, wide awake again with Erica’s bizarre opinion.

“I’m sorry,” she backpedaled, “It sucks that you had to go through that, but I mean, it makes me feel less weird about my own issues. So crazy as it sounds--thanks for peeing on my bed.”

“You’re… wel-come?” Shelly replied.

“I’m serious,” Erica giggled, “I hope it was just a one-off thing and won’t happen to you again, but either way, welcome to the club.”

“Thanks for having me.” Erica’s attempt at bonding over their bedwetting had made Shelly feel a lot better. She was able to relax. All things considered, it had been a good dream.

