The Perks of Being an Athletic Trainer

Author: Ariose Toast

*000*2020-03-18 15:58

Sam hurried into the locker room, her blonde bob bouncing as she carried a mess of clipboards and towels in her arms. Her job as a trainer for a women's soccer team was always busy, especially right after a match. They had just won an important cup fixture that meant they would be moving on to the quarter finals, and the players were making their way back to the locker room.

Even though the game was over, Sam was still in work mode. She still had to check in with the rest of the staff, make sure all the equipment got put back in the right place, and check up on the players for any minor injuries.

It was a hectic job at times, but there was no doubt Sam enjoyed it. She had worked hard to get to this spot. Plus, being surrounded by fit, attractive women running around in soccer shorts all day was definitely an added perk.

Not that she didnt keep it professional. She took her job seriously after all. But what she fantasized about ince she got home was her own business.

Just as she finally found a place to put down all the equipment, Sam began doing the rounds to check in on all the players. Fortunately, everyone seemed to be good, especially with everyone's spirits bolstered after the win. What soon caught her eye though was Mia, the team's star striker walking back to her locker a little bit gingerly.

It was probably nothing, but since no one else seemed to have any problems, Sam figured it wouldn't hurt. Not to mention that Mia was not only the best player and team captain, but easily the most gorgeous as well. Everything about her was perfect, from her long, toned legs to her sleek black hair tied back in a ponytail. Sam couldnt help but feel like a drooling, anxious mess around that girl.

"Hey, are you alright Mia?" Now that they were next to each other it made it obvious how tall Mia really was.

"Yeah, I'm fine," Mia replied, though her body language still felt tense.

"Oh, it just looked like you had a slight limp. I thought you might be hurt or something"

"Oh, uh ... I'm fine it's nothing, really." The tension in her voice was still there though.

"Are you sure? Dont be afraid to admit you're hurt. Even if it's only a minor injury, we still need to make sure you get prop-"

"Okay fine, Mia, look, I'm not hurt I just . . . I drank like a hundred gallons of water during the game and it's about to end up all over this fucking floor if you dont let me go like right now." Mia dashed off, nearly knocking Sam off balance and leaving her with a surprised expression on her face.

###

Once the postgame rush had died down a bit, Sam was organizing some equipment when Mia approached her again. She had already changed into her street clothes, but her jeans and T-shirt still gave her a sexy casual look that sent a shiver down Sam's spine.

"Hey Sam, sorry about earlier. I was a little brash and I ... think I almost knocked you over"

"Oh, dont worry about it," Sam laughed. God, the fact that Mia was apologizing so sweetly really turned her on for some reason. "I'd be the same way if someone got in the way of my emergency toilet break."

She was definitely able to relate. Sam had her fair share of being stuck on the sideline during a game with thousands of fans watching her try not to squirm as she struggled to contain her full bladder. Well, they were all focused on the game and not her, but at least that's what it felt like sometimes.

"Well I'm glad you understand," Mia laughed. "It actually happens a lot with the ridiculous amount we have to hydrate." Now that she thought about it, it wasnt uncommon for Sam to see a few girls make a beeline for the toilets right at halftime or the end of a game. Sometimes she was one of them.

"Anyways," Mia continued, putting her hand on Mia's shoulder, "I appreciate you were just trying to help. You've always done a really good job for the team, and your job is just as important as any of the players here."

The touch and high praise of the team's best player was a little too much for Sam to handle. "I, uh ... thanks" she managed to stammer.

"Anyways, I'll see you in practice this week" Mia said, and was off.

Sam's own bladder started to make itself known now that she had a second alone. She hadn't gone since before the game, but she had been so busy she hadn't noticed her bladder filling up. She thought about peeing before she packed up and left, but something compelled her to hold it until she got home.

###

Will continue with part 2 if theres enough interest!

*004*2020-03-19 17:27

{{23 hours ago, dudebro00 said:

I think this should be “Sam” not Mia.

Great story though with lots of possibilities. Please continue!

}}

Dang I thought I proofread it well . . .

Thanks for pointing it out, though I dont think I can edit it

*010*2020-04-25 15:36

Part 2 - Kinda short but there should be more coming

Finally done with the day, Sam made her way out of the stadium and across the parking lot to her car. She was just about ready to start up the car and go when she felt another pang from her bladder. It was definitely worse than she had first thought. But to go to the bathrooms she'd have to go all the way back across the parking lot, back into the stadium, and ... it was just too far. It wasn't a long drive home and it's not like she hadn't been in worse situations with her bladder.

On the way home, Sam's thoughts kept wandering back to Mia's desperate rush to the toilet. There was something strangely intriguing about it. Mia seemed almost superhuman: professional athlete, team captain, had the looks of a model. Yet there she was, struggling to keep control of her bladder.

And Sam was in a similar situation herself, still not relived since before the game. Every time she moved her foot on the pedals, she felt the liquid inside of her shift around, a constant reminder of her need. She didnt understand why, but that feeling, along with thinking about Mia's desperation, had her extremely turned on.

The drive home felt twice as long as normal, but she finally made it, running straight to the bathroom. The second she got her panties off, pee starting flowing out of her before she had even sat down on the seat. But Sam didnt really care right now. Her entire body shuddered as she released a powerful stream into the toilet. Peeing had never felt so good. Before she was even done, she was touching herself, getting pee on her fingers and spraying more onto the seat.

She kept going, her clit loving every second of attention until she quickly came. Her body buckled as she enjoyed the release of both her bladder and sexual tension.

After cumming Sam just sat on the toilet for a second, still in a bit of a daze. She had made a mess of her toilet, pee on the seat and on the floor, but for now she just needed to enjoy the moment a little bit longer. And maybe think about Mia desperate for a toilet a little more.

The Perks of Being an Athletic Trainer - Omorashi fiction - Omorashi

Author: Ariose-Toast

*012*2023-03-12 23:16

Okay, it's been ages, but finally a part 3: 

"Whew," Mia breathed out as she finished a lap around the training fields.

The cold morning air sent a chill through her body, even as sweat dripped from her face. She was alone on the practice field, the parking lot nearby empty except for her car.

The team had the day off, so only a handful of players and staff would be here today. Mia, of course, was taking this time to get some extra training in. It was no coincidence she was the team's best player and captain.

She didn't mind the solitude. It allowed her to focus on training with no other distractions.

Reaching down to her watch, she clicked a timer for a 5 minute rest, which would then be followed by some agility drills. Mia rested her hands on her knees, her body still recovering from several laps around the facility.

She bent over, picking her water bottle off the ground. It was light, already nearly empty. She took a final swig and tossed it on the ground next to her travel mug, also empty. A large kick of caffeine was a staple for Mia to kickstart her morning workouts.

As she rested, Mia breathed heavily. She could feel her strength slowly coming back as her heart beat slowed from its rapid pulse. But her recovering senses also alerted her to another feeling - a strong pressure, coming from the lower part of her abdomen.

"Dammit," Mia mumbled to herself. She had been repeatedly ignoring the urge all morning, but it was getting more and more difficult to keep putting off.

The urge had first struck much earlier, as she traveled down the freeway on her way here. The glass of water she drank with breakfast was just barely tingling against her bladder. Not strong at all, but just enough to be noticable.

While driving, she sipped coffee from her mug, the same one now lying empty next to her. By the time she arrived, the feeling in her bladder had gotten a little bit worse, but still felt manageable.

Unfortunately for Mia, the building wasn't even open yet, as only a skeleton crew of staff would be there on the team's day off. That meant no open restrooms yet, either.

The last couple hours though, she had been working so hard she forgot about it completely. During that time she had downed her other large bottle, full of a water and electrolyte mix. Mia obviously took her hydration seriously, knowing how critical it is to athletic performance.

She did, however, know a little too well the consequences of all that hydration.

Mia tended to get hyper focused on her workout, and combined with her large fluid intake, she often didn't notice her filing bladder until it was an absolute emergency.

And today was no exception. The last time she peed must have been at like 5am when she got out of bed. It was just past 8 now, three hours later, and all that liquid and caffeine now really needed somewhere to go.

Mia glanced at her watch. Someone would arrive by 9:00 to open the building at the latest. If she was lucky they would be there by 8:30.

Mia noticed her 5 minute rest was already halfway up, and she still needed to set up for the next drill. She walked over to her equipment bag, pulling out a set of shallow cones. As she bent down to place each one, she winced as she felt her bladder compress.

Still, Mia pressed on, determined as ever. She finished setting up the cones and got ready to start her agility drill.

Her watched beeped, and off she went.

The first few rounds were hard. She was slower than usual as each high step jabbed into her aching bladder.

It was really getting bad now. By the time she finished, Mia was just glad the workout hadn't made her pee herself.

She scanned her surroundings, as if suddenly a port-o-potty would appear behind her. Or even a bush she could squat behind. But all around her was still empty field, with nowhere to pee. Mia racked her desperate brain for options.

She looked at her watch. It had only been 15 minutes. Her urge somehow felt like it had doubled though in that small amount of time.

She just had to press on though. Distracting herself was the only way she was going to make it. It wasn't the first time she had to contain her bursting bladder through practice or even an actual match with thousands watching.

After a quick breath, she tried to resume her workout.

Mia's bladder was too full to be ignored this time, though, and the rapid motion of her legs sent a spasm through her bladder with every step.

"Shit," she moaned, grabbing her crotch ocassionally as she tried to press on.

But she couldn't even focus on her drill. Her mind was racing, thinking only about how to relieve her desperate urge. She stopped running, focusing all attention to holding it.

She checked the crotch of her shorts. A few dribbles had already wet them slightly while she tried to continue training. And there was no sign of staff to open up the building anytime soon.

She had already been debating her options. Go back to the car and pee in something? She only had her bottles, which was kind of gross if she ever wanted to drink from them again. Run to the trees at the edge of the field? There was a major road there and someone might see.

After another quick look around and desperate spasm from her bladder, Mia made her decision to take the quickest option. She grabbed the waistband of her shorts, pulling them down as she entered a deep squat. Her athletic thighs and ass were exposed to the world, as countless numbers of her fans could only dream of seeing.

Biting her lip, a stream escaped from her, making a deadened splash as it flowed onto the dirt and grass below her. She breathed out a sigh as the stream grew, quickly rising from a trickle to full on gushing as the fluids emptied out. Her bladder was finally free from the pressure of holding back all three massive drinks from this morning.

As Mia let go, she relaxed, and the desperation clouding her mind slowly cleared away. But she began to think, and her heart raced. What was she doing? What if she got caught? A fan with a camera . . . or one of the staff sneaking up on her. . .

The team captain publicly urinating on the practice field. It would be all over the internet. The comments she would get from opposing players and fans.

But her stream just kept coming and coming, soaking the earth below her. She couldn't stop if she wanted to, not to mention how good the relief felt.

But finally, it felt like it was starting to slow down.

Then she heard a noise. The sound of a car door. She glanced up, her heart racing. She tried to contract her urethra, pulling her shorts up rapidly.

She didn't quite manage to stop the flow in time though, and a dribble of pee further dampened her underwear. The majority of the urgency was gone, but it was a little unsatisfying to not be completely empty after all that.

She looked around. Was anyone actually there? Or was she just imagining it all because she was scared?

Mia almost jumped as she turned and saw Sam, one of the trainers, approaching her from far away.

Sam gave her a smile and friendly wave. Mia had no idea what Sam had seen, if anything. Mia jogged out to meet her, trying to distance herself as much as possible from the damp patch and the smell.

"You're here early," Sam greeted her, shouting over the distance. "Working hard as always."

Sam's eyes traveled up and down Mia, seemingly taking in every piece of the striker's body.

But Mia's heart was racing so fast, all she could manage was a short "yeah.."

"You okay?" Sam asked, sensing something was off.

"Oh, uh … just tired," Mia responded. "Hard workout."

She either hadn't seen anything or was doing a very good job of hiding it, Mia thought.

"I'm opening up today," Sam told her, as the two finally reached each other. "Feel free to stop inside if you need anything. Water, equipment. Bathroom. That's an important one," Sam joked.

Mia's head nearly exploded, though Sam's comment could have been a complete coincidence.

"YeahthanksSam," was all she could blurt out.

"Well, let me know if you need anything," Sam continued with an eyebrow raised. "I'll be in my office."

Mia's bladder twinged again as Sam left her with her thoughts. There wasn't much urine left in there, but after being stretched out so much, the small remaining amount still irritated her.

She didn't want to look too suspicious though, so she walked back to her cones and decided to finish up this one drill. She had to move the cones first though, as in her desperate state, she had peed right in the middle of where she was running, right next to one of the cones.

She grabbed the nearest cone, realizing it was slightly wet. And not from the grass.

Shaking the cone dry, she moved it away from her puddle and got to work. 
