Azumarill’s Mistake

Author: Aquraisus

*000*2020-02-09 00:51

(Trying to do some story writing. If this is liked then please send requests for scenarios! Preferably Pokémon!)

Azumarill was making her way home from work. She had a long day in the berry fields, the sun having shone brightly all day. Imploring her to chug multiple bottles of water throughout the day, not having time to take a bathroom break all day! She had already had her 2 cups of coffee this morning too! So by the time she was walking home, she was absolutely bursting.

She waddled as fast as she could, her legs shaking as she desperately tried not to grab herself. Her tummy rumbled loudly, reminding her at how full it was and how desperate for release she was. Her bladder was filled to the brim, she felt like she was on the brink of exploding.

She made it to her house, running through the door and straight towards the bathroom. But to her dismay, when she tried to turn the nob, it was locked.

”Oh! Sorry sweetie!” Her girlfriend, a Zoroark, called from inside.

”H-hun! Hurry up!!” Azumarill shoved her hands between her legs, mere seconds from bursting it felt like. “I-I’m gonna explode!”

Zoroark decided to tease her. “Just a moment!” She flushed the toilet, going to the sink and beginning to wash her hands.

The rushing sounds of water made it only worse for Azumarill. Her bladder was at it’s limits, if she didn’t get to go in the next minute, she would surely burst.

”P-please hurry up! I can’t hold it any longer!” Azumarill felt herself leak. “I-I’m leaking!”

Zoroark smiled, finishing up and opening the door. “All yours!”

Azurmarill dashed in, not even closing the door, plopping onto the toilet and letting the liquid gush out of her instantly. She let out a sigh of relief, leaning back as she let herself empty her swollen bladder.

Zoroark blushed, seeing her girlfriend in such a state. But she couldn’t look away.

Azumarill looked up, still going, seeing her beloved staring at her. “O-oh!” It was her turn to blush now. “Sorry hun... I’ve been holding it in all day!” She rubbed the back of her head.

Zoroark smiled. “Aw i see... though I’m sure you could’ve waited longer!”

Azuarmill finished up, flushing the toilet and washing her hands, “I-I was bursting! I would’ve had an accident if i waited another second!”

”Well how about we test that? Zoroark wrapped her arm around Azumarill’s waist. Azumarill blushed greatly as she was pushed out of the bathroom, onto the couch. She was confused, but excited of what her girlfriend wanted to do.

Zoroark went to the kitchen, coming back with 3 massive bottles of peach teach. “I know how much you love peach tea.”

Azumarill blushed. “B-but you know peach tea goes right through me...”

“Exactly! Now drink up, sweetie~”

Azumarill couldn’t resist, eagerly chugging the first bottle of the peach tea. Her tummy visibly filling up from just the one bottle. She finished it quickly, feeling it slosh inside her,

“Gosh! You already seem so full...” Zoroark smirked. “No stopping now, though~”

Azumarill hesistated, lifting up another bottle and chugging it slowly. Her tummy gurgled loudly, now much fuller than it liked. Azumarill stopped halfway through the second bottle.

”Oh come on, you can finish it!”

”B-but I’m so full... my tummy feels like it’ll pop!”

”Please? For me?~”

Azumarill blushed and looked down, going to the finish the second bottle, when she did, her belly jutted out quite a lot. She definitely couldn’t hold more liquid in there.

”Just one more, sweetie.”

”I-I can’t...”

”Come on... just push those limits of yours!”

Azumarill hesitated even further, lifting up the bottle and beginning to drink slowly. It was much passing her tummy’s limits, but she kept drinking, soon finishing the last bottle.

”Ooh... so full...” Her tummy sloshed around from how full of tea it was.

Zoroark stepped foward, pressing a hand against her partner’s belly. “Now we wait~”

To be continued...

*007*2020-02-22 05:12

{{On 2/8/2020 at 10:31 PM, Azura said:

Would love to see one for a bubbly Sylveon and a introvert-like Umbreon? Maybe they're taking a walk in Eterna Forest at night and both fighting full bladders, both hiding their need in their own ways .^.

}}

{{On 2/19/2020 at 11:04 AM, Pachishock said:

Enjoyed the story so far! Not sure if I comment requests here (since I’m new) but why not here’s an idea. Two girlfriends, a shy nerdy sciencey Pichu and a cute loud n’ obnoxious Pachirisu have a holding contest to see who can go longer without the bathroom.

Sorry if that’s too much detail or somethin, first post here and I thought might as well give it a shot. :3

}}

Love both these ideas! Will certainly do these after this one is done!

*008*2020-02-22 05:46

(Alright, here’s part 2)

Azumarill sat there, her tummy still filled to the brim, already feeling a slight twinge her bladder. Zoroark sat next to her, rubbing against her large belly, which Azumarill liked a lot, but was scared of getting too relaxed. She tried to resist enjoying it too much.

The minutes ticked by, and Azumarill felt her bladder began to fill up, and fast! She struggled not to whine as she already had to go quite a lot, the pressure of her heavy tummy not helping things at all. She shifted around on the couch, feeling the liquid slosh loudly in her tummy and make it’s way rapidly to her bladder.

Zoroark smirked, lifting up her girlfriend and setting her in her lap, now wrapping her arms around her massive tummy, rubbing all over it. Azumarill blushed deeply, her legs squeezing together as she tried not to moan.

”S-sweetie I’m gonna l-leak!” Azumarill whined, trying to grab her crotch but her tummy was in the way.

Zoroark giggled, rubbing her tummy all the same, feeling the tea still sloshing around. “Gosh you must be full... why not let it all out?~” She started rubbing lower down her tummy.

Azumarill blushed even more, squirming around. “I-i have to go so bad!” She barely managed to grab her crotch, pressing tightly against her pee hole.

Zoroark made her way down her desperate girlfriend’s body, all the way to her lower region. “Oh my... you can’t have these here...” She spoke softly, grabbing out of Azumarill’s hands and moving them away, causing her to whine.

”I-i cant...”

Zoroark slowly moved the other away too, smiling widely. “I want this all to me~” She moved a but upwards, pressing a finger against Azumarill’s bladder.

”A-ah!” Azumarill felt a spurt escape her bladder, desperately wanting to clutch her crotch to stop more from flowing out.

Zoroark smiled more. “Oh? Is there a leakage? Lemme help~” She moved back lower, pressing her own hand against Azumarill’s pee hole gently, making her let out a mix between a whine and a moan.

”Come on, you’re a big girl. Keep it all in~”

”i-I can’t... I-I’m gonna explode! It’s leaking out!”

Zoroark felt a warm liquid on her pass, blushing as she realized what she wad really doing. Nonetheless, she smirked.

“Do you have to go, sweetie?”

”M-mmmmm! Y-yes!”

”How badly?~”

”E-extremely! P-please! I-I can’t hold it anymore!”

Zoroark smirked, removing her hand from Azumarill’s privates. She gasped, as a stream of warm liquid gushed out of her, soaking the couch quickly, along with her partner’s lap. Azumarill let out a sigh of relief, leaning back against her now extremely flushed partner as she relaxed, more and more warm liquid soaking the couch.

@@it was a whole minute until her stream died down, finally she let out one more sigh as she finished, laying her head back still.

”T-that was... so nice...” She yawned.

Zoroark, very much embarrassed, smiled sheepishly. “I-I’m glad it was, sweetie.”

The end!

*011*2021-03-07 18:01

Hey everyone! It’s been a long while since i wrote a story, but i plan to jump back into it soon! Hopefully with one of the requests I’ve been given. So look forward to that!

