Persona 4: After the Storm

Author: Alice125

*000*2019-01-15 08:48

This is a story I wrote awhile ago, and thought I would share here. Each chapter is a oneshot about the each character from the game recovering from the stress and trauma from the events of the game, through bedwetting.

Chapter 1: Teddie

A couple days have passed since they cleared up the case and gotten rid of the shadows and Inaba had returned to it's peaceful state, as had the Investigation team.

And yet here Teddie found himself in a long corridor running from the shadows.

It had started off as a normal day, Teddie was enjoying a relaxing day with the investigation team and Nanako of course, at Yu's house, finally glad it was all over. He had began to notice the slight urge to go and decided to put it off as he was having too much fun enjoying his time with his friends.

"Teddie would you like more to drink?" Nanako asked with her bright smile. "No thank you Nanako-chan," he replied. He had to go fairly bad now and decided he should go. He excused himself and as soon as he reached the hallway everything fell apart. Suddenly he was in a long dark corridor, he was very scared and confused but decided he had no choice but to continue walking if he wanted to get out of this scary place.

Suddenly he heard laughing, a laugh that was so terrifying it was almost sickening, he looked behind him and there were shadows, almost every one quickly approaching him. He started running as fast as he could. As the shadows continued getting closer the corridor just kept getting longer. The urge to pee kept getting stronger and he had no way of stopping, he could easily just whip it out and go as no one else was around, minus the shadows. But that would also risk getting caught by them.

Soon he saw light and a sign that said 'restroom.' He sighed in relief and began to approach the door but was suddenly siezed by the shadows and pulled into the darkness.

He woke up from screaming in a nice warm bed, Yosuke was quickly by his side, relief had flooded him when he realized it was all a dream. As the shock wore off he began to realize something else, rather horrifying.

"Teddie, are you alright?" Yosuke asked concered. Teddie started to tear up. "Yosuke, it was awful, it started as a really nice dream and everyone was there, we were all at Sensei's place having a really nice time, then I went to the bathroom and the scene changed into some weird corridor and suddenly the shadows were behind me and chased me all the way down until finally I found the bathroom and right as I was about to reach the door they dragged me into the darkness and then I... I-I wet the bed." Teddie whispered the last part and hung his head. "I'm sorry."

"Oh..." Yosuke said, "It's alright Teddie, these things can happen especially when your under a lot of stress or have been through something traumatizing, and after what we've just been through these things are definitely not unexpected. I'll tell you what, you go take a shower and I will take care of everything else." He knew the drill, he had wet his bed until 4th grade and after awhile his parents got tired of having to help and he was on his own for that. "Thanks Yosuke," Teddie said and gave him one of his bear hugs. "Anytime Teddie."

