Haunted House of Omorashi

Author: Anubis

*000*2018-10-28 00:34

Hello everybody, this is a medium-length story that I've been working on recently. After having a discussion with a few people in Dimwitrolo's Discord server, I received a few ideas for a story that is based off of a haunted house experience that I had last weekend. I do hope you guys like it and if you have any constructive criticism or comments, then please let me know. Enjoy!

###

1

Angel furrowed her brow as she stared agonizingly at the computer screen in front of her. She’d already wasted most of the evening looking for something fun to do with her girlfriend, Kate, for Halloween, but had failed to find anything good in their area. There were a few haunted houses a good twenty to fifty miles away from their hometown, but the two of them had already been to those places so many times, that they weren’t quite as interesting as they used to be.

With an irritated sigh, she ran her hand through her shoulder-length, red hair. “I just don’t know…”

Since she was all alone in their apartment, it had been a while since she’d heard the sound of her own squeaky voice. After having spent so much time sitting in the dark, trying to make plans for Kate’s favorite holiday, while she was at work, it was nice to hear it again.

Her gorgeous green eyes were starting to burn from staring at the screen in front of her for so long, so she closed them for a couple minutes, as she thought, My god, I’m stressing myself out over nothing! I know Kate wants to do something fun on Halloween, but it’s only four days away…

After resting her eyes for a little bit, she at last opened them again and glanced back at the screen in front of her. “I guess we should have planned something sooner, hmm?”

For the past month, both she and Kate had been attending college, while working at their own separate jobs, which had prevented either of them from doing the very thing she asked of herself. Even though they had both been fortunate enough to get time off, so they could spend time together on that holiday, they had no plans for it.

“We could always just lay in bed and cuddle,” she said aloud, as a faint smirk appeared on her face. “There are certainly worse ways to spend our time on Halloween…”

With that idea now in her head, she felt like she was ready to give up on her search, but that was when she suddenly received a call. Her phone began to vibrate, instantly catching her attention. She snatched it up off of the desk in front of her and took a look to see who was calling. It was Kate.

Angel’s eyes lit up as she answered the phone, happy to hear the sound of her lover’s voice. “Hey Kate, how’s it going?”

Kate’s voice was a little deeper than hers and it always carried with it a confident, almost authoritative tone, which she absolutely adored.

“How’s my little angel doing?” she asked. “I’m finally heading home and I just can’t wait to see you. It’s been a long day…”

Angel raised an eyebrow. “Rough day at the diner?”

Kate replied, “Oh yeah… So, about Halloween… I know you’ve been working so hard to find something fun for us to do, but Candice told me about a different kind of haunted house. It sounds interesting, to say the least.”

Candice was a friend that the two of them had in common, who they have known for several years. The three of them had gone to school together, as teenagers, and remained good friends all the way into adulthood. Angel had always found her very interesting, despite having a stronger attraction to Kate. Even though the three of them had a few kinks in common, there has always been one that has set Candice apart. She has always had an unusual interest in holding her pee, which has resulted in some very public, desperate situations, any time she managed to outdo herself.

“Oh really?” Angel asked. “What kind is it?”

Kate chuckled. “It’s a fetishy haunted house.”

Now Angel was very interested in this place. “What kind of fetish?”

Never in a million years would she have expected what Kate had to say next. “It’s an Omorashi house!”

The very idea that such a fetish could be mixed together with the horror theme of a traditional haunted house, sounded so incredibly bizarre, that Angel just couldn’t help but laugh. “I’ve never heard of such a thing.”

“I’ll tell you more about it when I get there,” Kate said. “I’ll see you in a few, my little angel.”

“See you in a few,” Angel said in return, before they both hung up their phones.

Once their conversation was over, she found herself wondering where this place was and how they were supposed to get there. She wondered if the attraction was run by the members of one of the groups Candice was a part of, on Fetworld, a kinkster’s online paradise, of which the three of them were all members. Even though Angel wasn’t necessarily into Omorashi, she at least found it interesting, so she just couldn’t wait to learn more.

*003*2018-10-28 18:17

Alright everybody, I'm glad you enjoyed that little teaser at the beginning. The next part is finished, so I hope you enjoy it even more!

###

2

It was about fifteen minutes later when Kate finally returned home from work. Angel was waiting for her on the couch, while watching a movie, after having already given up on looking for haunted houses to visit. She was all curled up underneath a warm blanket, while wearing dark blue pajama pants with puppies on them, a blue shirt with long sleeves, and her socks, when the door to the apartment opened up. She was far too interested in hearing more about the place Candice and her girlfriend talked about, to focus on the movie, so she turned her full attention towards the doorway.

As Kate entered their dark living room, she quickly removed her black work shoes and leather jacket, revealing her curvy backside through the material of her work pants, as well as her shapely bosom and the red t-shirt that covered it, just before she shut the door behind her. “Oh god, it’s so good to finally be home!”

Angel smiled up at her from the couch and casually invited her to join. “I’ve been waiting for you, Kate. It’s nice and warm under this blanket!”

Returning her smile, Kate shook her head, causing her blonde ponytail to sway back and forth. “I won’t be joining you, just yet. The bathrooms at the diner were all out of order and that… bitch of a manager, wouldn’t let any of us leave!”

A surprised look appeared on Angel’s face, as she realized the implications of what she was being told. “Oh, I see. So, you haven’t been to the bathroom since your shift started?”

Kate maintained her composure as she replied, “No, I haven’t. Just wait right here for a moment. I’ll be right back.”

“Can’t you please hold it a little longer?” Angel begged. “It’s been lonely around here and I want to hear a little more about that haunted house.”

Continuing to smile back at her, Kate put her hands on her hips and pressed her legs together, demonstrating the severity of her situation. “Alright, alright, my little angel, whatever you say…”

She headed over to the couch and took a seat, allowing Angel to cover her up with the blanket, but once they were both settled in, she took a moment to show off her dominant side, “Just remember, I’m only doing this because it’s cold as fuck outside and I need to warm up.”

Angel wrapped her arms around her lover and put her head on her shoulder. “If you say so, your majesty…”

Next to Kate’s curvy body, Angel was quite a bit smaller, with a more petite frame, yet she came with some nice, slightly less pronounced, curves of her own. She was also a little shorter, so she was able to remain completely covered by the blanket, while her lover’s feet stuck out a little bit at the far end of the couch, even with her legs curled up.

Once the two of them were comfortable, Kate went ahead and started telling her everything she and Candice had discussed about the haunted house, back at the diner. “Alright, the haunted house… During our break, Candy mentioned some very interesting stuff about it.”

She paused for a moment, but Angel kept listening, silently, as she waited to hear more. Kate soon continued on. “It sounds like there won’t be very many people going, so we shouldn’t have to wait in line for too long. Um, that pee lover’s group Candy is in, isn’t all that large, so it works out for us.”

“Interesting,” Angel quietly commented. “What else?”

Kate let out a soft chuckle, before continuing her explanation. “You sure are persistent, aren’t you? If I piss myself on the couch during this interrogation, you will be the one cleaning it up.”

The redhead’s soft reply carried a hint of sarcasm, as it slipped past her lips. “Yep, sure.”

“Okay,” Kate went on. “The people who run this place, they are this wealthy couple that owns a mansion, which is a haunted mansion. They’ve got a butler, there are some people dressed up as monsters, and I guess the wife has a creepy doll collection. It’s all on their website.”

At the very mention of the last bit of information, Angel winced, since she had a phobia of life-like dolls with glass eyes. “Oh god, why? Why do there have to be creepy dolls?”

Kate expressed some mild amusement after hearing her reaction. “Aw, what’s wrong, my little angel? Are you afraid they’re going to attack?”

“No,” Angel replied. “I know they’re just dolls, but they’re still… creepy…”

With that in mind, she continued to listen, as her beautiful mistress continued giving her more details. “They also have a bunch of haunted rooms and long hallways where the butler will be showing us around. The weirdest part is, there’s only one bathroom in the whole place, and anyone who wishes to do so, can avoid using it until they have finished the grand tour, as part of a competition, of some kind. It sounds like people are instructed to bring their own drinks and whoever makes it the longest, gets a golden ribbon or something.”

She paused for a moment, before continuing, to quickly shift positions on the couch, requiring Angel to adjust her position as well.

Wow, she must have to pee more than I thought, Angel thought. Usually it seems like she can just hold it forever!

When Kate continued her explanation, she added, “They get a golden ribbon and I guess they get to have their name put on the website, showing that they are the champion of the year, or something. I don’t exactly remember…”

Angel quickly made a joke at Candice’s expense. “Well, when Candy comes with us, I doubt she will be the champion. As much as she has pissed herself since we’ve known her, she’s pretty much screwed!”

At this, Kate laughed. “You’re right about that! But…”

She paused for a moment, causing the redhead to tense up. “Would you be willing to participate, my little angel?”

Angel swiftly refused. “Nope! I’m not going to do it!”

“Oh well, it was worth asking,” Kate said, before she finished her explanation. “Anyway, that’s pretty much it. I’m sure we’ll find out more once we get there.”

The next question on the redhead’s mind was how far they would have to travel to get there. “How far away is it? I hope we don’t have to go too far.”

Kate was silent for a moment, before she chuckled again, but this time it wasn’t a normal chuckle. This one was a little more wicked than normal, and was usually a sign that she was in the mood for some fun with her little angel. “It’s just a long enough of a drive, that you’ll be running into the same problems as Candy, along the way, my dear.”

Oh crap, was Angel’s only thought.

She was not entirely certain if that was a threat or not, as a potential punishment for demanding that Kate spill the beans, before letting her get up to pee. What she did know for sure, was that her dominant partner had some fun plans for the evening, before the two of them went to sleep. There was a good chance that they would both be tired in the morning, but she knew it would be worth it. Afterwards, however, they both had a haunted house to look forward to and Angel could hardly wait.

*005*2018-10-30 16:48

3

After the four days had passed, it was Halloween at last. Angel, Kate, and their friend Candice, were already on their way to the Omorashi house, in Kate’s Ford Focus. The two lovers sat in the front, while their friend sat in the back. Each of them had a thirty-two ounce drink, that they had picked up from a gas station along the way, but so far, they had only taken a few sips here and there, since it turned out that the drive was sixty miles.

It’s no wonder Kate said that I might be in trouble after driving this far! Angel realized, when they were only a few miles from their destination. If we hadn’t stopped to use the bathroom at that gas station a while back, Candy and I wouldn’t have ever made it!

At their current distance from the haunted house, they were traveling along a lonely stretch of road, between farms and open fields, with only a few trees being visible in the distance. All three of them were very excited about being so close, especially Candice, whose gorgeous brown eyes were fixated on the middle of the dash, where her phone was mounted, with the GPS on display for all of them to see. The light that was emitted from the screen illuminated Candice’s white hoodie, over which several strands of her long, brown hair hung down in the front. The lower half of her body was clothed in jeans and old, worn out hiking boots, which could not be seen in the darkness.

Angel and Kate, on the other hand, wore attire that was similar to the other night, with a few differences. Underneath her leather jacket, which was open in the front, Kate wore a blue sweater. She also wore some very tight jeans that clung tightly to her hips and legs, as well as a pair of grey walking shoes and white socks, which completed her outfit. Angel’s lower half was clothed in the same manner, except that her shoes were white. For a top, she wore a light blue t-shirt, which was hidden underneath a dark red hoodie.

Candice gripped her drink tightly with both hands, as she expressed her excitement over being so close to the mansion. “I can’t wait until we get there! This competition is going to be so awesome! It’s like… this is a dream come true.”

Angel glanced over her shoulder with a smile. “How many people do you think will be doing it with you?”

Candice shrugged. “I don’t know. There will probably be a few of them. We’ll just have to see who is brave enough, to hold their piss through the entire thing.”

Kate laughed, obviously finding the idea of having a holding contest inside of a haunted house, a little ridiculous. “It seems weird, if you ask me. But, you guys just do what you want to do.”

Angel thought back to the other day, when her beloved partner had come home from work, without going to the bathroom the entire time she was gone. She remembered what it had been like, to see her lover’s bladder bulging after they left the living room for some playtime.

As she recalled that evening, she thought, I never knew her bladder could stretch out that far… She must have been holding a lot!

With the memory fresh in her mind, Angel glanced over at Kate and said, “You know, if you were to participate, you would probably win.”

Candice’s eyes opened wide in surprise at hearing that suggestion. “Oh god, please don’t. If you join in Kate, I won’t stand a chance!”

Kate shook her head with a smile. “Nah, I don’t think I want to. You don’t have to worry about me stealing your thunder, Candy.”

Both of the other girls laughed at her response, but for some reason she couldn’t quite put her finger on, Angel felt like she wanted Kate to participate anyway. There had been something strangely erotic about feeling her lover squirming with need next to her, while they were making love the other day. She had never experienced anything like it before and she desired to see it again, for reasons that she did not yet understand.

The redhead jokingly protested, “Aw, come on Kate, you could be the champion!”

Kate only smirked in response, but said nothing more, so Angel dropped the conversation. It was then that the voice on the GPS told them to turn right, in a quarter of a mile.

Candice pointed up ahead through the windshield, at an intersection that they were quickly approaching. “Hey, that dirt road up there must be where we have to turn.”

Angel looked up at the road and then back at the screen. Sure enough, that was it. The voice told them to make the turn, once they got to it, so Kate followed its directions.

“Alright!” Candice shouted excitedly. “We’re almost there!”

The other two also shared her excitement, though it was for a different reason. While their friend was excited about participating in the holding contest, they were mostly glad that they got to do something different on Halloween. Never before had they been to a fetish-oriented haunted house, such as this. The dirt road led them deep into a wooded area, where they then had to go around several sharp curves. It was after the last one, that the wrought iron gate of the mansion finally came into view.

The gate was wide open, granting them access to the brick paver driveway that led all the way up to the house. When Kate made the turn onto the property, the mansion suddenly appeared through the trees and they could only stare at it in awe. The structure that towered over them looked more like a cluster of large houses that were connected to each other, rather than being one single house. It was three stories high and had been constructed using shingle style architecture. Illuminated by the yard lights on either side of the driveway, the outside was clearly visible, despite the fact that it was dark outside.

“Amazing!” was all that Angel was able to say, as Kate drove past several vehicles that were parked on either side of the driveway, before locating an open space for her own ride, in between a mini-van and a pickup.

After she pulled into the space and parked the vehicle, Kate shut it off and the three of them got out, before walking the rest of the way up to the front of the house. The other guests were near the main entrance, in some kind of courtyard, where the brick driveway wrapped around a large fountain, with the statue of a woman that was nude from the waist down, peeing into the basin below. She was clothed in what appeared to be a fancy dress and was holding the skirt up with her hands. Her posture was such that she stood with her legs apart, while looking down, and there was a very clear expression of relief on her face, as the water flowed out of her urethra, into the pool around her feet. The inside of the basin was lit up with very bright lights that were beneath the surface, all around the base of the statue, which gave it a visible glow that could be seen from afar.

As the three friends approached it, Candice expressed her admiration for this amazing work of art. “Holy shit, I would love to have a fountain like that!”

With a smirk, Kate commented, “It’s just one of the perks of being a rich pee lover, I guess… Maybe you can have one someday.”

Beyond the fountain, on the other side of the courtyard, there was an outdoor bar set up around the outside of a small, stone building, which Angel guessed was a storage shed. Orange lights and plastic skeletons hung down from the roof, all the way around it, giving it a spooky, yet inviting, appearance. Behind the bar, there was a woman dressed as a vampire and a man that was dressed up as a zombie, serving people drinks.

“Well, this looks like a hell of a good time,” Kate said with a smile. She glanced down at the large drink in her hand and said, “But, I thought we were supposed to bring our own drinks…”

Candice found this hilarious and she laughed. “No, what it said on their website, was that it was recommended for people who wanted to compete, to bring their own drinks. It’s supposed to help them, you know, fill up faster.”

Realizing that Kate had forgotten this detail, due to the stress of not having an available bathroom to use at work, Angel made a light-hearted joke at her expense. “How did you forget that detail, Kate? Were you so full of pee the other night, that your brain was submerged?”

An overly exaggerated expression of shock appeared on Kate’s face, as she gave her little angel a playful swat on the rear. “Hey, you better watch your tone with me. Otherwise, I might have to get the cuffs back out when we get home…”

Suddenly changing the subject, Candice pointed over at the bar, where some people that she recognized were getting drinks from the vampire. “Hey, my friends from the Omorashi group are over there.”

Angel looked over at them, but due to being a little less outgoing around strangers than Kate, she didn’t show much enthusiasm. Her mistress, on the other hand, seemed quite eager to meet them. As they walked over, there were only two women and one guy who recognized Candice. She exchanged a friendly greeting with each of them, before taking a moment to introduce her friends to each other.

“Guys, these are some friends of mine from back home,” Candice announced. “Their names are Kate and Angel!”

One of the two women was a redhead like Angel, but she was quite a bit taller, with more pronounced curves. She wore faded jeans with holes over her knees, tennis shoes, and a black hoodie. With a friendly smile, she introduced herself, “Hi, I’m Jessica. It’s nice to meet you guys!”

Angel didn’t say anything, but Kate smiled back. “I’m Kate and it’s nice to meet you too. Looks like this place is going to be fun!”

The second one was a short and curvy Hispanic woman, who wore a thick, fur coat above a pair of grey sweatpants and her black walking shoes. She introduced herself as well. “I am Maria. Will you be in the competition?”

“No, we’re not really planning on it,” Kate replied. “Just you guys and Candy are doing it, as far as I know.”

The guy that was with Candice’s other friends didn’t say much, but he introduced himself as Stephen. He was a tall, athletic looking guy, with blonde hair. His clothing somewhat matched Jessica’s, except that his hoodie was green. He seemed friendly enough, but like Angel, wasn’t all that talkative.

Angel decided to introduce herself as well, but just before she was able to do so, the front doors of the mansion suddenly opened up, catching everyone’s attention. The people hanging around the bar stopped gulping down their drinks and eating their snacks for a moment, as they turned towards the steps leading up to the entrance. From within the house, the couple that owned it stepped outside, along with their butler. They were a fairly young couple, likely in their late thirties, while the man that was with them was quite a bit older, possibly in his early sixties.

The younger man wore a fancy suit, with a black jacket over top of a white dress shirt, as well as black pants and dress shoes. There was a black bowtie on his shirt, which appeared to be covered with orange speckles of some kind, from where Angel was standing. She wondered if they might have been jack-o-lanterns, but she couldn’t quite tell. The woman that he was with wore a long, black dress, which hung all the way down to her feet. Her hair was snow white and she had two long braids, hanging down on either side of her head, about halfway down her dress.

As they came out to the top of the stairs, the mistress of the house held up her hands, as she welcomed their guests. “Hello, everyone! Welcome to the Haunted House of Omorashi! We have a special night planned for all of you, so we do hope that you enjoy yourselves!”

Most of the people in the crowded courtyard held up their drinks and let out a loud cheer. Shortly afterwards, everyone began talking excitedly, apparently very eager to get the show on the road. It was finally Halloween and their tour of the mansion was about to begin.

*008*2018-10-31 08:15

{{2 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Also, can you say what they're wearing?

}}

Oops, I'm not sure how I forgot to do that. I guess I got a little carried away.

I've made some corrections, if you want to take a second look. I think the chapter is a lot better now, so thanks for the comment!

*010*2018-11-01 04:31

Thanks for the replies everyone! I hope you enjoy this next part. It took me a while to finish it, but I think it turned out great! Let me know what you think of it.

###

4

Once the couple had everyone’s attention, they took a brief moment to explain a few things, just to make sure that everyone was on the same page. It was necessary to do this, for everyone’s safety.

The Mistress of the house started first, once the crowd had quieted down a little. “First thing is first, the holding competition is entirely voluntary! If you do not wish to participate and would prefer not to walk through anyone else’s… puddles, then you will go through first!”

The moment she the word ‘puddles’, a few laughs erupted from some of the guests. A wide grin formed on her face after receiving this reaction, before she continued on. “Also, for those who do wish to participate, but would prefer not to be seen by other guests, aside from your most trusted friends, you have the option of going last! Everyone else, can go through as their group is invited inside!”

The husband’s turn to speak came next, as he briefly explained a few other things. He had a deep, booming voice that echoed as he spoke, making it very easy for everyone to hear him. “Since this is a Halloween-themed play party, if any of you become overwhelmed during the tour and want out, please say red, as loud as you can, and we will escort your group back out here! Do not touch anyone that is outside of your group, without their permission, or you will be forcefully removed from the property! Aside from all that, have fun, and be prepared to get scared!”

Once again, more cheers erupted from within the crowd, after he finished explaining the rules. Candice and her other friends joined in this time, while Kate and Angel just watched, with amused smiles on their faces.

The people who didn’t want to participate in the contest, or risk stepping in any pee puddles, went up the steps to meet with the couple and their butler. Angel still wanted to see her lover participate, so she made no move to leave the bar. Kate appeared to be deep in thought, so she remained right where she was as well.

Candice glanced over at her friend Jessica and then back at Kate. “So… Should we split up and I’ll go in with them, or… What are we doing?”

Kate quickly snapped out of her trance and a smirk appeared on her face, when she looked back at Candice. “So, tell me again, what happens when someone wins this thing?”

Angel felt herself blush as she wondered, Could Kate have had a change of heart? Oh god, I hope she participates in this!

As she thought about her beautiful companion pee dancing and showing off that bulging bladder of hers, deep within the halls of the mansion, she began to feel aroused. She absolutely needed to see Kate desperate again, but she didn’t quite feel like pushing it. Candice and her other friends appeared to be wondering the same thing, as smiles crept onto their faces.

“Does this mean you will be holding with us, then?” Jessica asked. “It would be fun to have a little extra competition.”

Candice explained all over again what would happen for those who won the contest. “If you win the contest, you will be the first champion ever! They’ll give you a golden pin and a gift card to your favorite restaurant. You get to choose which one you want, before they put your name on the champion’s page!”

Angel’s mouth dropped open, but she said nothing. Holy crap, how did Kate forget that? There’s no way she will turn this competition down now!

As it turned out, Angel was right. Kate locked eyes with Candice and ripped the lid off of her drink. “Fuck it, I’m doing it!”

She put the cup to her lips and started chugging it down, which elicited cheers of encouragement from Maria and Jessica. Angel, however, started to blush as her arousal increased. She felt a mixture of disbelief and excitement, while watching Kate gulp down half of her fountain soda, before stopping to say, “Ah!”

“Alright, this will be fun!” Maria said excitedly. “Are you guys going last, or are you going to show off your skills?”

Kate stuck the lid back on the cup before boldly replying, “I’m going to show off my skills, of course! Where would be the fun in going last?”

Candice pulled the lid off of her cup and held it up in the air, before gulping it down as well. “Alright, let’s do this!”

While she was chugging the first half of her own drink, Kate and Candice’s other friends turned their attention towards Angel, causing her to blush even more. She knew what they were going to ask, but she wasn’t entirely sure what to say.

“So, do you want to participate, or do you want to watch, my little angel?” Kate asked.

Angel suddenly felt a little embarrassed, from being so horny, while having all eyes on her. “Um, I… I’ll just watch, I guess.”

Kate put an arm around her and pulled her close. “Well then, I’ll make sure I put on a good show for you…”

A soft squeak escaped past Angel’s lips when their bodies touched. The look that she saw in Kate’s eyes was enough to drive her wild with desire. She almost wanted to skip the haunted house altogether and go somewhere that the two of them could be alone.

“Oh-okay!” Angel stammered. “M-maybe we should get in line?”

The six of them all looked over at the front entrance of the house, where a line of about a dozen people had already formed. They noticed that the Master of the house was leading a group of three inside, which was a clear sign that the event had started.

As he took them in, the Mistress of the house called out into the crowd, “Anyone else want to avoid the puddles? It’s your last chance!”

“Well, we had better get over there then!” Candice said excitedly. “Let’s leave our mark on this place!”

Angel and her two friends went over towards the front steps and got in line, while Candice’s other friends followed them. Along the way, the Mistress of the house noticed them heading over. She descended the steps and greeted them with a friendly smile. “Will you ladies be in the holding competition, or are you looking to avoid the wet floor?”

Kate didn’t hesitate to reply for both of their groups. “We’re here to compete!”

“Excellent!” the white haired lady replied. “So, will you be in one group of six, or two groups of three?”

Angel and Kate looked at each other, before Kate replied, “Two groups of three.”

The Mistress of the house clapped her hands excitedly and she let out an evil cackle. “Well my darlings, I will be leading you in, since you will be the first to be tormented! I wish you well and look forward to seeing you again soon!”

Before she returned to the top of the stairs, she announced to the rest of the crowd that it was time for everyone else to get in line. Behind Jessica and her friends, several small groups quickly joined them, to wait for their turns to go through the haunted house.

###

It didn’t take very long for Angel, Kate, and Candice to get up to the top of the steps. They had been cracking jokes and talking excitedly with each other, which had helped to pass the time. They waited for another ten minutes or so after that, before the Mistress of the house returned through the front doors, with three guests following her back out.

Angel’s heart was pounding, as she approached them with a wicked smile on her face. “Alright, will all three of you be competing?”

Kate took Angel’s hand in hers and replied, “My little angel is only here to watch, but the other two of us will compete.”

Their guide took a good look at Angel and said, “My, my, aren’t you just adorable? Since you won’t be competing, then you get to hold the key to the restroom!”

She reached one hand down into a pocket on the side of her dress and pulled out a large, black key, which hung from a thick string. “You may use this as often as you wish, but your friends may not. See to it that they do not cheat!”

Angel took the key in her hand and blushed again, as she slipped it into one of the pockets of her jeans. “Okay!”

With that out of the way, the Mistress of the house said, “We are ready for you now, my pretties. Come right this way!”

Kate lightly squeezed Angel’s hand and they both looked at each other as they followed her inside, with Candice right on their heels. They stepped over the threshold and then the massive, wooden doors slowly closed behind them. Angel briefly glanced back when she heard them latch, and was met with an excited smile from her brown-haired friend.

Once it was obvious that there was no going back, the three of them began to look around at the front entrance. They were in a dimly lit lobby, with orange light cast all around them from the ceiling above. Directly ahead of them, there was a hallway, with a blood-red, carpeted rug leading straight into whatever horrors lay beyond. There was a balcony up above them that overlooked the front doors from the second floor. Two sets of stairs wrapped around the sides of the entryway, leading all the way up to it.

“Welcome to my beautiful home!” the Mistress of the house said with an evil laugh. “Come with me, so that I can show you my living room! I would like to see how much is left of the drinks you carry, once we get there!”

Kate took another sip of her drink through the straw, as the three of them were led down the hall up ahead. While passing through it, Angel noticed that the lights in the ceiling were red, which only made the floor beneath them look even more spooky. On the walls, she noticed that there were several paintings hanging from them. Each one bore the image of a woman that was clothed in a beautiful dress, however, every single one of the ladies in them seemed anxious. Some of them had their legs crossed, while others only had them pressed together.

Holy crap, they all look like they need to pee! Angel realized. They look desperate, like they might piss themselves any minute!

The Mistress of the house turned towards them and started walking backwards. “Do you like my art collection? As you can probably tell, each of these lovely ladies’ bladders were quite full. It must have been such a challenge to pose for those paintings, while being in such a desperate state!”

The three friends kept looking at the artwork as they were led to the end of the hall, into the living room. Directly ahead, there was a fireplace, with a stack of firewood burning inside, casting the light of the fire all around the room. Above it, there was a cuckoo clock on the wall and off to the side, to the left of the fireplace, there was a long, black, leather couch, with two chairs made of the same material, directly across from it.

“Please, have a seat!” the Mistress said. “Make yourselves comfortable, because you won’t be enjoying it for long!”

The three of them sat down on the couch, just as their guide let out an evil cackle. They made themselves comfortable and then the white-haired lady put her hands on her hips. “So, how much have you had to drink?”

Both Kate and Candice held up their cups. The woman took their drinks from them and felt how much they weighed, before handing them back.

“It seems that they are nearly half full,” she said. “That is good. You don’t want to get too carried away, since the more you drink, the sooner you’ll burst!”

Angel quite admired the act this woman was putting on. She did an excellent job of staying in character, which made everything feel so real.

“Now,” their guide said, as she sat down in one of the chairs. “I would like to tell you a little bit about the house’s history. The house and the art collection were all passed down to me from my beloved grandmother. She quite enjoyed seeing young ladies, like yourselves, in an extreme state of desperation. The art collection belonged to her once, but now, it is mine!”

Just as she said that, the cuckoo clock on the wall above the fireplace sprang to life. A snake’s head popped out from between a pair of two, small doors on the front. It let out a hiss, which was followed by the sound of a shrill scream.

Candice jumped suddenly, nearly spilling her drink on herself. “Holy crap! I didn’t even know that was up there!”

Angel and Kate were surprised by it as well, but neither of them were quite as jumpy as she was.

“Aw, did that scare you?” the woman in the chair asked. “This is only the beginning of the horrors that you shall face! Sooner or later, one of them will cause you to spring a leak! I guarantee it…”

Angel nervously took a sip of her own drink, which was still mostly full. She wasn’t too terribly worried about drinking too much, since she had the bathroom key, after all. She was very eager to see the rest of the house, but what she wanted to see even more, was Kate’s desperation. She also wondered what it might be like to see her girlfriend wet herself. She doubted that it would happen, since it never had before, but she found herself hoping that it would.

*015*2018-11-01 19:05

{{1 hour ago, Sake said:

I have concerns.

}}

Be afraid... Be very afraid...

*017*2018-11-04 10:59

{{7 hours ago, TotallyNotAlic said:

I’m worried about the health of this post, I hope a great story like this isn’t forgotten

}}

Fear not! It has not been forgotten, I have just been having internet problems the last couple of days. I probably should have signed in on my phone to say this, but I didn't. Thank you for your patience. I do hope that what I have to offer makes the wait worth it.

###

5

Candice and Kate each took a sip of their own drinks as well, causing the lady in the chair across from them to smile.

“So, shall we continue on?” she asked them.

Angel and her friends all nodded and stood up. Their guide got up as well, then turned around, and pointed at another doorway, to the right of the fireplace, back behind the chair she had been sitting in. “Right this way, my guests! There is more to show you!”

Interesting, I didn’t notice that doorway before, Angel thought, as she and her friends followed along. I wonder what else there is to see through there.

Like the first hallway, this one had the same red lights and rug as the first. It lacked the paintings that the first one had, but it still looked fairly spooky. She and her friends casually sipped on their drinks along the way, until multiple doors came into view on both sides of the corridor. These caught their attention, just as the white-haired lady stopped and turned towards them again.

She smiled and folded her arms over the front of her black dress. “Now, I must tell you about one other thing I inherited from my dear, sweet grandmother. I also inherited her doll collection!”

Angel took another sip from her drink as she thought, Oh god, not the dolls!

“My dolls can be found all throughout the house!” she told them. “Some of them, I have even given to my children! They are absolutely dying to meet you!”

Angel and her friends all exchanged excited glances, as they wondered what sort of fun waited inside the rooms, while their guide silently glided over to one of the doors and reached for the handle. The handles on the doors were all dragons made of brass, with long tails and flames shooting out of their mouths.

The Mistress of the house pulled the door open and said, “Now, I must introduce you to one of my daughters. Sophia, we have guests!”

The four of them entered the room and it looked somewhat like a child’s bedroom, but a little more grotesque. There was a bed in the center of the room, with a dresser next to it that had a night-light lamp, resting on top of it. The thick blanket that covered the mattress was black and covered with golden skulls, with glowing red eyes. The dresser was painted black and the lamp was a tiny clown, standing on the base and holding the strings of several balloons, with lights inside of them. The clown’s mouth was twisted into an evil grin and his gaze was piercing. All of the balloons were red, resulting in a blood-red light being cast all around the room.

To the right of the dresser, was the closet, with a shelf unit full of the creepiest dolls Angel had ever seen, just beyond. The door of the closet was slightly ajar and the little girls that sat upon the shelves had evil smiles, wild hair, and dresses that looked exactly like those worn by the women in the paintings. At the center of the room, directly in front of the closet, there was a round table with four wooden chairs all around it.

Oh my god, this room is so creepy! Angel thought. Where is Sophia anyway?

The Mistress called out again, “Sophia? You have playmates!”

Just then, from within the dark closet, they heard some rustling, followed by the sound of some raspy, incoherent, whispers. The door slowly swung all the way open and a young woman, who appeared to be in her twenties, stepped out. She was wearing black tights on her legs, underneath a black skirt that only hung halfway down her thighs. For a top, she wore a low-cut, black shirt with long sleeves and a single skull on the front, which matched those on the bedspread. Her hair was also black and tied into pig tails, her skin was ghostly pale, and she wore black lipstick.

When the creepy girl stepped out of the closet, Angel noticed that she had her hands balled into fists and she was hopping from foot to foot. She looked over at the older woman and asked with a raspy voice, “Who are they, Mother?”

The Mistress gave Angel and her companions a friendly smile. “Don’t be shy! Go ahead and introduce yourselves!”

Kate went first. She smiled and held up the drink that was in her hand. “I’m Kate!”

Candice held up her hand and said her name, before taking another sip of her soda. Angel gave Sophia a friendly smile and introduced herself as well.

“This is lovely!” Sophia cried, as she quickly shuffled over to the table. “Please, sit down! It’s time to have some tea!”

The three girls each took a seat at the table, while Sophia continued to hop from foot to foot. She waited until they were all comfortable, before giving her ‘mother’ a pleading look. “May I please go pee, Mother? I know I’m supposed to hold it like a big girl, but, I’ve had too much tea!”

The Mistress gave her a stern look and replied, “You must first entertain your guests and then you may go!”

Sophia groaned loudly as the white-haired lady stepped out of the room and shut the door. She continued hopping from foot to foot, as she turned her attention to them. “S-so, it’s time to have some more tea!”

She’s good at acting! Angel thought. It really seems like she’s about to piss herself! There will probably be a lot of that around here…

Sophia went back into the closet and opened up a mini-fridge that was against the back wall. Angel was seated directly across from the doorway, so she could see the light coming from the inside of the small appliance. She also noticed how the black-haired girl’s butt wiggled around, while she dug around inside. She quickly glanced at Kate and Candice, who she saw were both watching as well.

It seems so real, Angel thought. Could she actually be holding her pee?

When Sophia stood back up, she had two unopened bottles of water in one hand and two cans of sweetened tea in the other. She quickly headed over to the table and set them down, before pressing one hand against her crotch, through her skirt.

“Th-these are for you, if you want them,” she said, while grabbing the last empty chair and taking a seat. “Go ahead and… pick one!”

Both Kate and Candice looked down at their drinks and then back at Sophia. The sodas they had purchased at the gas station weren’t quite gone, so Angel knew they would both have to finish them, before they could drink any more.

###

After spending a good ten minutes alone with Sophia, both Kate and Candice had finished their sodas and popped open the two cans of tea. Angel turned the drinks down, since she wasn’t competing and her thirty-two ounce cup was only a third of the way empty. As for their squirmy hostess, she had both of her legs double crossed and one hand pressed firmly between them.

Kate still seemed quite comfortable, even with the amount of liquid she had already consumed, but Candice, on the other hand, was already bouncing one of her legs up and down. Angel was just starting to notice a fairly annoying need to pee as well, although it wasn’t urgent, just yet.

It looks like Candy needs to pee quite a bit, Angel thought. But I wonder how long it will be before Kate starts having trouble…

Sophia then smiled at each of them, while bouncing around in her seat. “So, would you like to see my… dolls?”

Angel hesitated to look over at them, even though Kate and Candice did not. For most of the time she had been in the room, she had pretended not to notice them. Her lover nudged her arm and she forced herself to have another look. The dolls’ eyes stared back at them, almost as if they were alive and watching, waiting for the right moment to strike.

They’re just dolls! Angel reminded herself. They can’t actually be staring at us!

Sophia slid her chair back and quickly went over to the shelf, where she performed a cute little pee dance, before introducing the collection to her playmates, with a wave of her hand. “These dolls have spirits inside of them… They… they are the spirits of the ladies in the paintings! They’re alive…”

Suddenly, one of the dolls said, “Hi, you’re my best friend!”

The doll in question turned its head to the right and then to the left, before its lips began to move, as if it was speaking, and a voice from within its mouth said, “Let’s be friends forever!”

Angel recoiled in response. “Holy shit! Did it just talk to us?”

Kate laughed. “It’s obviously pre-recorded crap! It has to be some kind of a robot, so there’s no way for it to-”

“Do you doubt me?” the doll asked, interrupting her mid-sentence. “Why would I lie?”

“Oh shit!” Candice cried. “That thing, is…”

Suddenly, the door to the bedroom burst open and smacked against the wall with a loud crash.

“Oh fuck!” Candice cried as she, Angel, and Kate all turned their attention towards the doorway, where they all saw the white-haired woman from earlier, standing in the hall.

At the very same moment they saw the Mistress in the hallway, a soft, yet audible hiss could be heard, coming from Candice.

“How are the guests doing, Sophia?” the woman asked.

Before Sophia had a chance to answer, Candice yelped loudly and quickly put a hand against her crotch, just as her pee started to dribble onto the floor.

The Mistress entered the room and a wide grin appeared on her face. “Ooh! Did someone just spring a leak?”

Everyone then turned their attention towards Candice and she blushed. “I, um… It wasn’t much, it was just…”

Sophia groaned and put both hands against her own crotch when the brunette got up out of her chair. Even in the dim light, it was clear that the crotch of her jeans, as well as the material over her inner thighs, had become soaked with pee.

The Mistress clapped her hands once and giggled. “Aren’t you a naughty girl? Now you’re all wet… Mm!”

Kate laughed in response. “Well, I guess I am going to be stealing your thunder, after all!”

At first, Candice took in a deep breath to calm her nerves, before giving her friend an exaggerated scowl. “Hey, don’t laugh at me!”

The Mistress let out another evil cackle. “Come now, girls! I have more to show you!”

Angel got up from her chair, feeling eager to get on with the tour and escape from the gaze of the creepy dolls. Their guide led the way out of the room and Kate followed her out, with her head held high. Candice let out an irritated sigh and went with them.

Holy crap, that was wild! Angel thought, as she made her way to the door. They must have planned this out, expecting to scare the piss out of someone!

When she was almost to the doorway, the redhead suddenly heard Sophia groan loudly. She stopped and looked back, just as she heard another hiss and the sound of more liquid drizzling onto the floor. The girl with the pigtails put both hands over her face and stood there, with her legs pressed together, while a puddle of pee formed around her. Small rivulets flowed out the sides of her tights, before trickling down to the floor.

So, it wasn’t an act after all, Angel realized.

When the flow of pee finally stopped, Sophia sighed with relief and then waved good-bye to her curious guest with a smile. In her raspy voice, she said, “See you again, soon!”

With a soft chuckle, Angel turned back around and left the room. She grabbed the dragon handle and closed the door, leaving Sophia and the dolls behind her. She finally had a complete understanding of how Omorashi fit into the whole thing and she just couldn’t wait to see the rest of the place.

*020*2018-11-04 14:53

{{22 minutes ago, rfthawne said:

Hopefully just because Candice has leaked once doesn't mean she's done peeing. This is great!

}}

Don't worry, I still have plans for Candice! Now, we'll just have to see who leaks next...

*024*2018-11-06 02:18

{{On 11/4/2018 at 11:48 AM, HitEmAll said:

I am just a little bit confused by one detail, wouldn't it make sense for the holding competition participants to empty their bladders before entering the house? I was kind of hoping for nice "preparatory pees" from all those girls

}}

The idea I had was that people would prepare for the event before their arrival, although it would have been better to have them do it once they got there.

I appreciate the input and I am glad that you are enjoying the story!

