Movie Wetting

Author: Alex62

*000*2019-09-30 04:15

19 year old Alec woke up bright and early since he was to excited to sleep. He was finally going to see IT chapter 2 and he was so excited, he waited forever for this movie to come out and wanted to be one of the first to see it. Only problem was he was going alone, he was the only horror fan in his family and friends so that lead him to usually seeing those types of movies alone, but Alec didn’t care as long as he saw it. The move started at 7:00pm so that meant he had to wait all day for it. He went to eat breakfast and after he played Assassin’s Creed on his PS4. As the movie started at 7:00pm and was around 3 hours that meant he would not get home till after ten. When it finally was 6:00pm he decided to get ready. He put on a pair of white briefs and his tight, ripped black pants. Since it was usually cold at his local movie theater he decided to wear a t shirt with his black hoodie. He went to the bathroom and decided to paint his nails black. When he got to the movie he was early he decided to use the bathroom again as the movie was very long and he didn’t want to miss anything. After he finished he exited the bathroom and got in line for a drink. In line he considered getting a small drink as he didn’t want to get up a miss the movie but after debating it he decided to go with the Large as he had a strong bladder and willpower, after all he just went to the bathroom. 

He ordered his drink and went to find his seat in the theater the movie was playing in. He sat in the back so he could have a good view of the theater. As he waited for the movie to begin he played on his phone. The theater he was in quickly filled up, it was the first day, and since he sat in the middle of the back row he was trapped. Alec thought to himself so much for getting up to pee smiling to himself(he may have not planned to get up but he like that the option was there). As the movie begin he started drinking his drank. During the movie he couldn’t help but notice how many people got up to go to the bathroom and he thought to himself he was glade he wasn't them. After about an hour he finished with his drink and felt the need to pee. It wasn’t bad but he didn’t want to risk it getting worse so he put down his drink and crossed his legs. Alec rested one hand on the armrest and the other on his knee trying not to think how he needed to pee and focus on the movie. But the need just kept increasing at a rapid rate and his mind went back to his need. He uncrossed his legs so that he could grab himself and with his legs no longer holding his bladder he felt just how bad he needed to pee. Why do I need to pee so bad, this is the worst I have ever needed to pee he thought to himself. He thought he might have to get up but he really didn’t want to but he knew missing a little of the movie was better then peeing himself. Just then he felt a leak and he quickly grabbed himself. Since it was dark he couldn’t see his pants to see if any damage was don’t and he defiantly didn’t want to get up to go to the bathroom in wet pants for people to see so he just crossed his legs again. Unfortunately he had to go so bad he couldn’t keep still. He uncrossed his legs and grabbed his crotch squirming in his seat. He felt another leak and this time he felt it run down his leg. He took out his phone and sneaked a look at his pants. To his horror he saw his black pants where darker and wet around his crouch with a faint line down his leg. All a sudden a huge wave of desperation hit him and he quickly grabbed himself. But not before he leaked again and this time with the light of his phone on he saw the pee on his leg though the rips in his pants. The wave came back and stronger this time. Unable to hold back Alex started peeing, he tried everything he could think of to stop the flow he grabbed himself harder and tried crossing his legs but nothing worked. The pee pooled on his seat dripping to the floor. He quickly stood up still peeing and grabbed himself in one last attempt to stop the flow. Unfortunately no luck the pee just ran on his hand a

@@nd down his legs, making a puddle on the floor. He finally finished and he knew everyone in the theater had to know what happened. He ran out of the theater to the bathroom to look at the damage. Luckily for him the bathroom was next to his theater. When he got in the stall he took a look at his pants and saw they were soaked in his urine. He looked at his nails worried his pee may have ruined his painted nails. To his pleasure that didn’t happen his nails were still painted black. He didn’t even look at his briefs since he knew they were soaked since his pants was. He still had over an hour of movie left so he decided to finish it in his soaked pants since he had no other cloths. When he got back to his seat he saw his puddle and thought to himself wow, it’s big how could I pee that much after I went before the movie. He sat in his seat feeling there was still a puddle in it but he didn’t care after all he was already soaked. He crossed his legs putting a hand on his knee smiling to himself he finally could enjoy the movie.

*001*2019-10-03 04:37

Friend helped edit the story:

19 year old Alec woke up bright and early, since he was too excited to sleep. He was finally going to see IT chapter 2 and he was so excited; he had waited forever for the movie to come out and wanted to be one of the first to see it. Only problem was he was going alone; he was the only horror fan in his family and friends, so that lead to him usually seeing those types of movies alone. But Alec didn’t care as long as he saw it.

The move started at 7:00 pm, so that meant he had to wait all day for it. He went to eat breakfast, then he played Assassin’s Creed on his PS4. As the movie started at 7:00pm and was around 3 hours, that meant he would not get home till after ten.

When it was finally 6:00 pm, Alec decided to get ready. He put on a pair of white briefs and his tight, ripped black pants. Since it was usually cold at his local movie theater, he decided to wear a t shirt with his black hoodie. He went to the bathroom and decided to paint his nails black.

When he got to the movie, he was early, so he decided to use the bathroom again, as the movie was very long and he didn’t want to miss anything. After he finished, he exited the bathroom and got in line for a drink. In line, he considered getting a small drink as he didn’t want to get up and miss the movie, but after debating it, he decided to go with the large as he had a strong bladder and willpower. After all, he had just gone to the bathroom. He ordered his drink and went to find his seat in the theater in which the movie was playing. He sat in the back so he could have a good view of the theater.

As he waited for the movie to begin, he played on his phone. The theater he was in quickly filled up as it was opening night. Since he was sitting in the middle of the back row, he was trapped. Alec thought to himself, "So much for getting up to pee," smiling to himself (he may have not planned to get up but he liked that the option was there).

As the movie began he started drinking his drink. During the movie he couldn’t help but notice how many people got up to go to the bathroom and he thought to himself that he was glad he wasn't them. After about an hour, he finished with his drink and felt the need to pee. It wasn’t bad, but he didn’t want to risk it getting worse, so he put down his drink and crossed his legs. Alec rested one hand on the armrest and the other on his knee trying not to think how he needed to pee and focus on the movie. But the need just kept increasing at a rapid rate and his mind went back to his need. He uncrossed his legs so that he could grab himself and with his legs no longer holding his bladder, he felt just how bad he needed to pee.

"Why do I need to pee so bad, this is the worst I have ever needed to pee," he thought to himself. He thought he might have to get up but he really didn’t want to, though he knew missing a little of the movie was better then peeing himself. Just then he felt a leak and he quickly grabbed himself. Since it was dark he couldn’t see his pants to see if any damage was done, and he definitely didn’t want to get up to go to the bathroom in wet pants for people to see, so he just crossed his legs again. Unfortunately he had to go so bad he couldn’t keep still. He uncrossed his legs and grabbed his crotch, squirming in his seat. He felt another leak and this time he felt it run down his leg. He took out his phone and snuck a look at his pants. To his horror, he saw his black pants were darker and wet around his crotch, with a faint line down his leg.

All of a sudden, a huge wave of desperation hit him and he quickly grabbed himself, but not before he leaked again. This time, with the light of his phone, he saw the pee on his leg through the rips in his pants. The wave came back and stronger this time. Unable to hold back, Alex started peeing. He tried everything he could think of to stop the flow: he grabbed himself harder and tried crossing his legs, but nothing worked. The pee pooled on his seat, dripping to the floor. He quickly stood up, still peeing, and grabbed himself in one last attempt to stop the flow. Unfortunately, no luck: the pee just ran on his hand and down his legs, making a puddle on the floor. He finally finished and he knew everyone in the theater had to know what had happened.

He ran out of the theater to the bathroom to look at the damage. Luckily for him, the bathroom was next to his theater. When he got in the stall, he took a look at his pants and saw they were soaked in his urine. He looked at his nails, worried his pee may have ruined his painted nails. To his pleasure, that didn’t happen; his nails were still painted black. He didn’t even look at his briefs since he knew they were soaked given that his pants were. He still had over an hour of movie left, so he decided to finish it in his soaked pants, since he had no other clothes.

When he got back to his seat, he saw his puddle and thought to himself, "wow, it’s big! How could I pee that much after I went before the movie?" He sat in his seat, feeling﻿﻿ there was still a puddle in it, but he didn’t care. After all, he was already soaked. He crossed his legs, putting a hand on his knee and smiling to himself. He finally could en﻿joy the movie.

