Desperate to Drive

Author: Alltheomorashi

*000*2021-05-30 12:17

It’s been a long time since I wrote a story for the forums so here is my attempt at getting back into it. I hope you all enjoy.

______

Dana huffs in annoyance as her green eyes slip to the clock to check the time again. It’s 1:15pm, two hours since she first arrived at the DMV. The chatter of the high schoolers sitting around her grates on her nerves as she impatiently waits for her name to be called. At 25 years old Dana is very much on the late train to try and get her driver’s license but hey, better late than never. Still, she very much regrets not waiting to take her test until a time where the vast majority of the other driving students would be in class. Instead she had chosen a summer weekend for her own convenience and now regretted it as she continued to wait in the hard plastic seat to be permitted to take the test.

The heat outside is brutal and Dana could swear the DMV wouldn’t know what proper air conditioning is if it hit them in the face so inside isn’t much better. She pulls her long, blonde hair into a ponytail to prevent the strands from sticking to the sweat of her exposed shoulders. Even in her white tank top and light blue short shorts she is sweating like a pig. She reaches to her purse to unearth her once full water bottle, not for the first time since her arrival, and takes a long drink of water to stave off dehydration. Only as she empties the bottle does it occur to her just how much volume of liquid she’s consumed. This information does little more than impress her initially as she tucks her water bottle back into her bag, but an hour later as all that liquid starts to enter her bladder, she starts to worry. She would hate to miss her name being called after waiting so long so she decides to ignore her need. She’s a grown woman after all, she can hold it.

Twenty minutes later Dana starts to question that decision. Her name still hasn’t gotten called and now her bladder is starting to get more insistent. Just as she’s decided she’s probably safe to just relieve herself and then return to the waiting area, a man in his early 40’s walks into the room. “Dana Harvey? Your turn to take your test!” he announces loudly. She turns at the sound of her name and nearly gasps aloud at the sight of the other man. Who knew someone who works at the DMV could look like that? The man before her was well sculpted, muscles visible even through his button down shirt.

His black hair was just starting to gray at the temples and his maturity only contributed to his overall appeal. Oh what she would give to have that man bend her over and make her call him daddy. “Dana Harvey?” the man repeats, snapping her out of her dirty thoughts. “Sorry, right here,” she hurriedly replies, hoping she’s not blushing as much as she suspects she is. Any thoughts of asking to use the bathroom before the exam is gone as the man introduces himself as Garret and explains he’ll be the one administering her driving test. Dana simply nods along to his every word and allows herself to be led to one of the DMV issued cars set aside explicitly for testing purposes.

”Sorry about the wait. Only one of the test cars is working right now so it’s delaying everything,” Garret explains.

“Oh it’s no problem, I’m just glad I’m taking it now,” Dana grins.

Her eyes wander to his left hand and she’s delighted to find his ring finger empty. “So he isn’t married then,” she thinks as she climbs into the driver’s seat of the car and he climbs into the passenger side. It’s only once she pries her eyes away from her sexy exam administrator to check her mirrors and adjust them and the seat as necessary that she suddenly remembers her bladder again. She curses her luck, pressing her thighs a little tighter together and hoping the man beside her doesn’t notice. “It’s just a simple driver’s test. It shouldn’t take long and then I can run to the bathroom,” she thinks, somewhat annoyed that such a childish problem is occupying her thoughts.

“Ok! Whenever you’re ready you can go ahead and pull out of the parking lot and hit the road,” Garret explains.

Dana does as told, carefully backing out of the space the car was parked in and then easing the car from the parking lot onto the small town road stretching along next to it. At first it’s easy enough to ignore her bladder’s complaints as she navigates her way through the narrow streets of her hometown, but as the text progresses her need only worsens. Before she knows it pressing her thighs together isn’t enough to completely banish the feeling of fullness growing in her abdomen and she’s started squirming slightly in her seat at every red light. Oh what she would give to reach a hand down between her thighs and apply pressure to her aching urethra but Garret is watching her like a hawk to ensure she’s using proper driving techniques. Not only would he surely not approve of her driving one handed, but she would be absolutely mortified to do something so childish as hold herself in such a way in front of a man so attractive and mature.

“Make a left turn up ahead and pull onto the highway for me,” Garret commands, seemingly oblivious to the plight of the gorgeous girl beside him.

Dana nods and mutters out a tiny ok as she obediently follows his instructions. It’s a miracle she’s still driving well considering her increasing desperation. She squirms almost constantly now as her completely full bladder demands her attention. Each passing second is agony as she tries to hold back the impending flood. Her poor sphincter quivers dangerously as she pulls onto the highway and starts to accelerate. God she wants to hold herself so badly but she can’t. Not in front of Garret. The only bright side is that the highway portion signals the end of the test coming soon and Dana clings to that information like a lifeline as she tries to convince her body to keep holding on.

“Don’t be so nervous, you’re doing great,” Garret encourages when he notices Dana’s white knuckle grip on the steering wheel.

Dana nods and gives him a tight smile, her eyes never leaving the road but internally she’s panicking because she can feel the dam starting to break. When the first leak squirts out of her rapidly exhausting urethra and into her panties, it takes everything in her not to make a sound as he face heats up. Her eyes dart down to her lap and the only saving grace is it hasn’t seemed to show up on her light colored shorts yet. Then, horror of horror, traffic hits.

Cold horror and realization washes over Dana as she slows the car down to a crawl and then a stop. There’s near bumper to bumper traffic and there is no way she’ll make it back to the DMV with her dignity in tact at this rate.

“I...I’m s...sorry sir,” she whimpers as another leak dampens her panties.

”what on earth are you sorry for?” Garrett asks but when he turns back to Dana he realizes what’s happening.

Garret’s eyes move to her hips where her once subtle squirming has turned into an aggressive and obvious wriggle. He watches a wet patch start to appear on her tiny, light blue shorts before she takes one hand off the wheel to shove it into her crotch with an embarrassed groan. It’s enough to stave off an accident, for now, but she continues to squirm and bounce in the seat. Garrett feels his black work pants getting tighter as his dick takes an interest in her plight. He’d suspected she was struggling but had put it off as wishful thinking. Dana is young, hot and her outfit highlighted her stunning figure and ample cleavage, of course Garret had noticed everything about her. As a man used to being stuck observing teenagers, she had been a welcome change of pace. But this? Never in his wildest dreams did he imagine he’d get so lucky as to have a sexy woman absolutely desperate for a piss with nowhere to go so close to him.

“Just hold on it shouldn’t be much longer,” he offers encouragingly but secretly he hopes she can’t make it.

“Can’t believe I’m this fucking desperate in front of my hot driving instructor,” Dana laments, on the verge of tears.

The words send a thrill through Garrett. So she thinks he’s hot? It’s certainly a risk but at this point, if it doesn’t go over well, he’s certain she won’t say anything to spare herself the embarrassment so he experimentally reaches one hand over to rest on Dana’s upper leg. “Sounds like someone’s having a little trouble controlling themselves,” he says, his eyes trained on Dana gauge her reaction.

Her eyes are wide like deer in the headlights as Dana finds herself caught between panicked embarrassment as she has to squeeze herself harder with the hand still buried in her crotch in order to prevent another leak and horniness as Garrett’s hand comes to rest on her legs.

“Y...yes sir, I n...need to go real bad,” Dana admits, equal parts thrilled at the apparent sexual advance and mortified at how close she thinks she is to ruining it.

The hand on her thigh slides up closer to the hem of her shorts and anticipation starts to drive Dana wild. Her breath catches in her throat because it’s almost a fantasy come true but that moment she’s snapped back to reality when she feels her fingers get warm as her bladder once again leaks. She yelps and only just manages to cut off the flow but the wet patch on the crotch of her shorts has grown to an unignorable size. “Did you just piss yourself a little bit?” Garret asks harshly.

Dana bites her lip, cheeks going a vibrant shade of red as she nods.

“Say it. Out loud,” Garret demands.

“I...I started to leak a bit.”

“No. Say what really happened you little slut. Say you pissed yourself a little bit.”

Garret hadn’t meant to slip into being so overly sexual but he couldn’t resist the temptation when such a sexy woman dancing so deliciously in the seat. Imagine his delight when Dana not only seems unperturbed by his language but seems to also get turned on by it, her hardening nipples poking through the thin fabric of her tank top.

”I...I pissed myself a little bit,” she whimpers.

“Such a naughty girl. Can’t even control her bladder.”

”I’m sorry, please don’t be mad!”

”You know I don’t think naughty girls deserve to wear shorts. Do you?” he asks, anticipation coiling tightly in his lower abdomen as his dick gets painfully hard in his trousers.

“N...no sir,” Dana replies before, to Garrett’s utter delight, she uses the hand that was holding her crotch to undo the button and zipper of her shorts. She then works them down her legs until she can kick them off entirely, revealing a cute little pair of pink lace panties that are already damn near soaked at the crotch. “Hands on the wheel, 10 and 2,” Garret demands and Dana looks like she wants to protest but one look at Garret has her realizing what a mistake that would be. She whimpers, another trickle wetting her panties as she returns her hand to the wheel.

Garret brings his own hand up to her crotch, causing Dana to gasp at the contact as he applies pressure. He can feel her poor sphincter fluttering and clenching beneath his finger as Dana tries desperately to hold back the tidal wave of piss contained within her. “So wet down here, don’t tell me this is all piss,” Garret taunts, making Dana’s face go even more red.

”P...please,” she whimpers.

“Please what? You gonna piss yourself you big baby?”

”N...no!”

”Good, because if you do I’ll have to punish you.”

Garret switches from applying pressure to her straining sphincter to slowly rubbing her through the damp fabric of her panties. She gasps at the contact, especially as he finds her clit and pays particular attention to it. Dana whimpers and moans as her hips move in aborted thrusts and circles, unsure whether they’re more desperate to receive further stimulation or to find pressure to ease the strain on her poor swollen bladder. Eventually that’s not enough and Garret slips his hand into her soaked panties to stimulate her directly.

She immediately cries out as her body slowly starts to give into the pleasure and her hips rock forward into his eager hand and fingers. Her bladder is all but forgotten as she continues to chase her high, driver’s test retaining the furthest thing from her mind, until finally she goes tumbling over the peak of her pleasure and into an earth shattering orgasm with a moan. Garret watches her hungrily as her face twists in ecstasy and then feels warm liquid rush over his digits.

Dana had finally lost control and by the time she realized it was too late. Her moans of pleasure transition to moans of humiliation as it dawns on her that she’s helpless to her bladder as she completely releases, soaking Garrett’s hand and her panties in the process. Only once her flow has stopped does he remove his hand from her panties, wiping the excess off on his own seat before taking in the sight of her.

Somewhat ironically the traffic clears up shortly afterwards. It was a car accident that had caused all the fuss and in the end caused Dana to have her own kind of accident. Cars speed up once past it and it isn’t much longer until Garret is directing Dana to pull into the parking lot of the DMV. Silence reigns in the car briefly as both occupants of the vehicle try to decide how to proceed. “S...so you said bad girls get punished?” Dana asks, cheeks flaming red and unable to look Garrett in the eye but hardened nipples still an obvious indicator of her arousal.

Garret takes the words for the tacit permission they are as he replies “I don’t think bad girls deserve panties do you?”

”No sir.”

Dna slips off her piss soaked panties and passes them to Garret as he returns her shorts to her. She slides them on, careful not to sit back down in the puddle she’d created in the car seat.

“Obviously you failed your driving test.”

”Obviously.”

”But I work again next week if you would like to try again,” Garrett offers hopefully.

The grin Dana gives him is blinding as she carefully steps out of the car and responds “Next week it is.”

