Disaster on the Station

Author: Andy Waters

*000*2023-12-24 12:14

This story is complete fiction. However - who knows what the future may bring? Reality sometimes emulates fiction!!

Barry was 25, and at the time of this story he lived with his parents in the market town of Baybury, somewhere in the middle of England. One warm summer Saturday he had spent the day with a couple of his old school mates who lived in Great Watton, a modest village some 20 miles south. He didn't want to be too late home, so he said goodbye to his friends at eight o'clock, and made his way to the small country station on the edge of the village, just off the main road. He was furious to see the train pulling out as he came round the corner; there wasn't another for an hour, and he wasn't looking forward to a boring wait.

Back along the road a short distance Barry saw a rather attractive-looking pub, and decided that there could be worse ways of spending an hour on a summer evening, so he was soon settled there chatting to some of the regulars. A couple of games of pool and three pints of ale later, he was brought down to earth by the start of the Nine o'clock News on the TV above the bar. He didn't want to miss the 9:10 as well, so he rushed back to the platform with five minutes to spare.

It was still light, the last red rays of a huge sun sending long shadows along the platform. The station was deserted apart from one middle-aged man awaiting the same train. As soon as he had recovered his breath, Barry realised that, in his haste, he hadn't visited the toilet before he left the pub. The station consisted solely of a bare concrete platform with a glass-sided shelter; there was no cover of any sort - no bushes behind which to take a surreptitious leak, and no time to leave the station to seek alternative facilities.

Three minutes before the train comes. That's OK, Barry was thinking, there'll be a toilet on board. He paced awkwardly up and down the platform to try to take his mind off the problem, hoping that his discomfort was not too obvious to the other passenger. 9:10 came and went, and Barry was getting really worried now - the train was late, and the pain was unbearable.

He stopped and looked back along the track in the forlorn hope that rescue was at hand. This sudden movement must have broken his concentration, for he suddenly realised that he'd started to piss in his pants. In complete horror, he tried to regain control, but his bladder muscles just seemed to go into a pulsating spasm, squirting the warm piss in sharp bursts against the material of his blue cotton briefs. Barry stood there, unable to move, as if rooted to the spot. He was aware of the warm liquid beginning to splash down his left leg, and as he looked down, he could see the black denim of his jeans glisten as the setting sun caught the wetness of the material.

All sorts of terrifying thoughts flashed through Barry's mind in a second: What could he do? How could he get home like this? What must the man be thinking? How could he explain his appearence to his parents? At the same time, he began to realise that he was curiously aroused by the experience. By now the trickling sensation was in the right leg, too; he was dimly aware some rather soggy shoes, and a rivulet slowly wending its erratic way towards the platform edge, the low sun leaving the world in no doubt as to what was happening. Barry had gone bright red, his huge embarrassment mixed with a curious excitement and feeling of mischief.

After about half a minute of this uncontrollable squirting, Barry managed to regain command, and his jeans slowed their feed to the platform river. The whole incident had probably lasted less than a minute, but to him it seemed for ever. As he drifted back into reality, he became aware that the train was just pulling into the station. He had to make a sudden decision - he couldn't get on the train in his present condition, so quickly resigned himself to another hour's wait, in the fervent hope that he would be decent enough to travel by then.

Then, another realisation hit Barry like a sledgehammer: passengers getting off! He could see some standing by the doors, waiting for the train to come to a halt. He ran to the steps at the end of the platform, hotly pursued by half a dozen passengers from the train, just as the platform lights came on, adding insult to injury. He quickly glanced back and saw the wet footprints and occasional splashes from his still-dripping jeans he was depositing with every step. At the top of the stairs he quickly turned left, and started to run, but was brought to a sudden halt by the appearance of a car with headlights blazing from the direction of the main road. He dived into some bushes by the roadside, and waited motionless for the area to clear.

There was the murmur of conversation, and a few giggles - Barry was sure they must be talking about him. He was still feeling very nervous, and becoming increasingly irritated by these two people from the train who were hanging around gossiping. As he stood there, shivering as the fear and excitement of what he'd done mingled with the increasing coolness of the air, the second pint suddenly made itself desperately felt, and the whole process started again with a mighty burst! This time he didn't fight it, knowing that it didn't matter any more. He stood there, actually enjoying the warm liquid welling up in his snug briefs, and feeling it gushing down his legs. He was beginning to discover a new interest.

A few minutes later the coast was clear, and Barry set off up the little road away from the village, resigning himself to wandering around for a boring hour before the last train back to Baybury was due. He had by now completely forgotten the man on the platform; in his panic he had also failed to notice the smile of understanding and awareness on the man's face as Barry had paced his dripping way towards the exit. As he walked into the gathering dusk, he heard a footstep on the gritty surface behind him. The next hour was destined to be more interesting than he'd imagined!

*002*2023-12-24 17:10

I wrote the story about 20 years ago. I don't know whether there'll ever be a sequel!

*004*2023-12-28 21:46

Maybe someone would like to write a sequel.

