Holding Contest Havoc

Author: Aquraisus

*000*2021-03-15 03:10

(Request from @Pachishock from awhile back, finally got around to these)

(Also i doubt I need to clarify, but the two characters, and all characters I write for that matter, are adults no matter what Pokémon they take form of. Just a note.)

(And on that note, be aware that the themes in this writing have sexual connotations if you will. There won't be any explicit sexual actions until Part 2, but their are implications of arousal and stuff like that. Just a fair warning if that's not your cup of tea!)

On a quiet morning in a small apartment near the beachside, Pichu was flipping through her science book, studying for her upcoming college exams. She'd been studying since early morning, having downed at least 4 whole cups of coffee since then. She started her studying around 4 am that morning, and by the time she looked at the clock, it was already nearly noon.

"Oh my, I didn't notice how long I'd studied..."

She fixed her glasses and turned to her empty cup of coffee on the table next to her book, and it hit her just how much coffee she'd been drinking, and how long it'd been since she last used the restroom. She hadn't peed since list night!

Upon this realization, she crossed her tiny legs in her chair. Now having snapped out of her study mode, she realized just how bad her need to tinkle was. She carefully excited her chair, feeling her full bladder protest as she hit the floor, and slowly waddled over to the bathroom nearby. But just as she went to turn the knob...

"Make waaaaaaay!!"

Pichu's girlfriend, Pachirisu, bursted through the apartment door. She was sweating bullets, her tiny legs squeezed together and her paws jammed straight into her crotch. She ran down the hall towards the same bathroom Pichu was walking towards, stopping once she saw her girlfriend in front.

"Oohhh Pichu! Can i please please please go first? My bladder is about to burst!" She squeezed her legs tighter and stared at her girlfriend with a desperate experssion.

"A-ah, b-but I've been holding it quite awhile, you know..." Pichu subconsciously let a paw go to her own crotch, but only subtly as it embarrassed her quite a bit.

"You barely look like you need it! Come ooonnn I'm about to explode!" Pachirisu whined.

"T-that's only because I'm more... modest than you are..." Pichu couldn't help staring at her girlfriend clutching herself in such a position, it was... attractive, very attractive.

"Pleeeeease I'll be quick!!" Pachirisu begged.

"Mmm... f-fine." Pichu backed away from the door. "B-but be quick..."

Pachirusu rushed into the bathroom, not bothering to closed the door as she quickly sat on the toilet, then giving a relieved sigh as she let out the pent up liquid inside her. Pichu watched her pee with such a pleasured expression, it both aroused her and worsened her need, but she desperately tried to seem composed as she patiently waited. t took far too long for Pachirisu to finish up, leaving Pichu pacing back and forth desperately. But finally, she finish up and got up, going to wash her hands.

Unable to hold it any longer, Pichu rushed into the restroom before Pachirisu had even finish washing her hands. Sit on the toilet and letting out her own, most likely larger buildup of liquid with a massive sigh. Pachirisu looked at her, now flustered herself with her own need gone, she could help seeing how attractive Pichu was in such a state.

After a minute or so, Pichu finally finish up, and only then looked at Pachirisu and noticed her staring intensely.

"O-oh, uh, sorry... I couldn't wait much longer." Her cheeks felt pinker than usual as she looked downward shyly.

"N-no it's okay! Y-you um, looked nice while doing that..."

Pichu's ears perked up. "W-what?"

"A-ah! Nothing! I-I just said you looked sexy! W-wait no-"

Pichu blinked, then chuckled slightly, she always knew Pachirisu wasn't the brightest with her words. She stood up, looking at her girlfriend as she washed her hands.

"You know... if you like how that looks so much, I wouldn't mind getting into a state like that again." Pichu admitted shyly, looking down again. "I-I kinda, like holding it."

Pachirisu blinked herself now. "R-really? Um, m-me too..."

The two were rather shy for a moment now, not sure where to go with this next, until Pachirisu perked up again.

"Hey! What if we did a holding contest?"

"A-a contest? Oh my... I'm sure i'd lose though..."

Pachirisu grabbed her girlfriend's paw with an eager smile. "Come on! It'll be fun!"

Pichu blushed at how close her face was to her lover. "Oh alright... let's do it." She smiled calmly.

The two went to the kitchen together, opening the fridge to see what drinks they had.

Pachirisu pulled out two pitchers of raspberry tea they had stored. Pichu stared at them with nervousness.

"P-pachi... you know tea goes right through me." Pichu said.

"Hehe, i do! It goes through me too!" Pachirisu smirked.

Pichu chuckled and took the pitcher, and the two of them began to chug them quickly. Their bellies got quite full very fast, and they needed to stop to catch their breaths.

"A-are we drinking the entire pitchers?" Pichu asked panting heavily.

"Hell yeah! Let's go all out"

The two went back to drinking, gulping the tea down until every bit of it was in their stomachs. They set their pitchers down and made their way over the couch.

"Oohh... I'm so full..." Pichu huffed.

"Hehe! Me too!" Pachirisu patted her belly. "And now it's just a wait game..."

###

Here's the end of part 1! I plan to make a part 2, but i wanna see if it's something you guys actually want! Just let me know! Also apologies for any grammatical errors, I wrote this in a bit of a rush.

*005*2022-01-01 18:56

(Months later, here's part 2! Think of it as a new years gift! Requested by @Pachishock

)

(Note incase you forgot, this part *will* contain explicit sexual content, if that ain't your cup of tea don't worry too much!)

###

About 30 minutes passed, Pichu already had her legs squeezed together. She never had a strong bladder, probably the weaker of the two of them. She tried to keep her need discreet, but Pachi was sharp and able to tell her girlfriend's need... she new her well, after all.

"You feelin' full yet~?" Pachi leaned against Pichu's shoulder and smiled at her. She herself could feel her need, but nowhere near as much as Pichu could.

"M-maybe..." Pichu couldn't hide her need, she put a paw in her crotch and leaned over a little. "M-my bladder isn't strong..."

Pachi decided to tease her a little, she leaned her whole body closer to Pichu, her paws trailed up her sides and she pressed a finger stub against her filling bladder. Pichu's ears perked up and she whined out at this gesture.

"H-hey!" She squeezed her legs tighter.

"Heeey cutie~" Pachirisu flirted with a smirk, kissing Pichu's cheek as she pressed harder.

"I- M-mmmh!" Pichu couldn't help that she was aroused by this, *really* aroused, being teased by her loving girlfriend made her incredibly flustered...

"You're really cute with a full bladder..." She kissed Pichu's lips, whilst also rubbing her bladder bulge. Pichu whined into her mouth while quivering, she could feel herself getting more full by the second and Pachi's physical teasing only made it worse.

Pachirisu could feel her own bladder getting rather full, but she didn't mind... if anything, she was starting to enjoy the feeling of being full with her lover... She repositioned herself, pushing Pichu down and laying on top of her. Their now large bladder bulges touched, causing the two of them to whine.

"D-doesn't this feel nice?" Pachi smiled at her, rubbed her cheek with one paw and teasing pressing the sides of her tummy with the other. Pichu's face was a blushing mess and she could feel her bladder teetering on the edge...

"P-pachi... I-I can't hold it much longer if you k-keep doing this..."

"But doesn't it feel so good?" She continued to press and rub her partner's belly. "Doesn't it make you wanna just let it allll out~?"

Pichu couldn't give an answer, only whining in response to the poking and prodding... she felt ready to explode any second if Pachi kept up.

"Oh pichu..." Pachi's paw lowered from her stomach down to her thighs. "You're so gorgeous when you're desperate... you've gotta b-be so full by now,,," Talking about Pichu's desperation added to her own, which in turn made her even more aroused.

"Don't you just wanna..." Pachi went to Pichu's pussy, starting to rub it. "Let it go?"

Pichu moaned at the sudden feeling of stimulation that went through her, combined with her arousal from her full bladder, it felt amazing. "P-pachi I-!"

Pachi smiled and took two fingers, pushing them into Pichu and spreading her quivering pussy lips apart carefully, wide enough to make sure Pichu could really feel it... "There's no need to hold it back, go on... pee on the couch~"

Pichu gasped out as she felt her pussy opened, unable to keep her flow back any longer as her warm piss gushed out of her onto the couch. She moaned out as her bladder's contants were emptied out of her so forcefully... she felt incredible.

Pachi loved hearing her lover moan in pleasure while she released, and she wanted to join in. She took a deep breath and emptied her own bladder, now both her and Pichu were completing wetting the couch, both moaning in the pleasure...

It was only a minute later that both of their streams had fully died down, Pachi rested her head onto Pichu's neck with a smile.

"S-see... wasn't that nice?"

Pichu was incredibly flustered. "I-it was..."

Pachi kissed her cheek again. "Now that thats done..." She kept rubbing Pichu's pussy. "Maybe I'll get something else out of you~"

Pichu moaned again. "A-aah... a-are you sure we should do that here?"

"I see no need to move, its nice a warm here after all~" Pachi put two paw stubs into Pichu's pussy, rubbing inside. "Plus, i don't think i could wait long enough before getting to hear you moan..."

Pichu whined loudly as Pachirisu started to finger her, her body shivered with pleasure. "O-oh Pachi..." She couldn't stop from moaning, she'd started realizing just how much she'd been needing this.

"Hmm..." Pachi pulled her fingers away. "I've got a better idea~"

The electric mouse adjusted herself by sliding down off of Pichu, her head now between Pichu's legs. "Gonna get a good taste of you~" With that, she began eagerly licking at Pichu's pussy.

"O-ooh! Mmmh!" Pichu covered her mouth to muffle the large number of moans coming from her mouth. "P-please d-don't stop..."

Pachi continued, pushing her tongue in deeper with each lick, Pichu's whole body was shaking with pleasure, she could already feel herself approaching a climax.

"P-pachi I-! O-oh my g-gosh- A-aaahh!" Pichu moaned out loudly. "I-I'm gonna-!"

She whined out as she couldn't handle the pleasure anymore, climaxing and cumming in Pachi's mouth, who eagerly licked up every bit of it.

"Mmmmm~" Pachi raised her head from between Pichu's legs. "Did that feel good?"

"M-mmhm..." Pichu was trying to catch her breath.

"Good! Now..." She raised herself back up, getting back on top of Pichu with her legs spread out and raised above her slightly. "Now its my turn for some pleasure... hope you don't mind another round~"

Pachirisu lowered herself, causing the two's pussies to touch, and began to rock her hips back and fourth.

"Mmmmhh~" Pachirisu moaned with a pleasing smile, while Pichu whined out even more than before, her pussy was now incredibly sensitive...

The two rubbed against each other and moaned loudly in sync, with Pichu's being even louder. The two's moans turned into panting as they got close, and soon reached their climax. They both whined loudly as they came, with Pachi kissing Pichu on the lips when she did.

The two slowly calmed down, and Pachi rested on Pichu's head.

"T-that was so nice..." Pachi smiled.

"M-mmhm..." Pichu was exhausted, she felt lovely now.

Slowly, the two of them fell asleep, holding each other closes and they laid on top of each other...

###

There's part 2! Hopefully it wasn't too short. I hope you guys enjoy and I hope to actually make more content here this year!

