6 Vees, One toilet

Author: Aquraisus

*000*2022-09-07 00:47

Suggested by @Pachishock

! A bunch of eeveelutions forced to share one bathroom...

Sidenote: The eeveelutions in this story walk on two legs, not quite anthros in anatomy but are able to walk on their hindlegs just so its easier for me to write them. They also wear clothes, i just won't be describing them all because im lazy lol

Also! The one adjustment being made to the request is the eeveelutions are all just childhood friends and roomates rather than siblings. This is so I can write flirty interactions with them if i ever write them again.

With that, enjoy!

###

Leafeon yawned, sitting up from her bed and rubbing the sleep from her eyes. She looked at her clock, already half past 12, she had slept in again.

She didn't wanna get out of bed, laying her head back down, not caring too much about how longer she'd slept, she was always the laziest of the house. But something was pressuring her to get up. As anyone's in the morning, her bladder was wildly full, already bulging out of her belly. As much as she wanted to stay in bed, she didn't feel like wetting it either, she was an adult after all.

She sighed, getting up careful. Standing made her realize just how overwhelming full it was, making her squeeze her thighs. She shuffled her way to her door and out into the hallway, waddling her way towards the restroom.

"Gotta pee gotta pee gotta peeeeee..." She whimpered as she made her way around the corner to the bathroom. But to her annoyance and concern, she wasn't the only one there.

Four of her best friends were lined up outside the bathroom. All with very clearly bursting bladders. The most unfortunate thing about the house they had chosen to live in was its lack of extra bathrooms. They were investing in another to be added, but it'd be month before they'd be able to. They were stuck with one singular bathroom, for all 6 of them.

In the front of the line was Umbreon, one paw shyly jammed into her crotch and her body leaned forward. She was the shyest of the 6, usually quiet and unexpressive, but here she was clearly ready to burst. She had a relatively decent bladder usually, so it was clear she had been waiting a long while.

Next in line was Sylveon, her ribbons were all jammed deep into her crotch, her glasses a little crooked. Her expression was shaky, and her hands stayed behind her back. She was always the most polite and proper of the group. She wasn't big on conflict and often was the voice of reason when the 6 of them had debates. Her bladder was on the stronger side, but even she had her limits.

Third was Espeon, seeming the least desperate of the five. Her stance was straight, but her legs were crossed tight, her thighs squeezing together. She was the tough one of the groups and had the strongest bladder, but despite it, she seemed more desperate than the others had ever seen her.

And last in line was Flareon. Both paws jammed deep into her crotch, her legs crossed, and thighs squeezed, and her bouncing and hopping around like crazy. She was typically joyful and expressive but had the weakest of all their bladders. This was partially because of her fire typing; her body didn't like keeping liquid inside longer than it needed to. Drinks all went through her very quick.

That left the only non-present of the 6 being Vaporeon, who must've been occupying the bathroom. She had a strong bladder herself, but being the water type, her bladder would tend to carry a lot of liquid. Often enough for it to take ages for her to pee. Much to her friends' annoyances.

Leafeon groaned, paws clutching at her own crotch as she got into the back of the lined.

"I-is she really in there again?" Leafeon whined, she herself was on the weaker side with her bladder, and being at the back of the line didn't pose well for her.

"Mmhm... I swear we gotta look into getting that second bathroom sooner..." Espeon sighed, starting to pace in place to distract herself.

"Hurry hurry hurry hurry hurryyyyy!" Flareon whined desperately as she danced in place, easily the most desperate of them all. "Ooohh w-why did I suggest that dumb drinking contest!"

"I'm more annoyed we all agreed..." Sylveon sighed.

"Come on Vap! W-we're all bursting out here!" Umbreon banged on the door rapidly.

"Sorryyyyy!" Vaporeon called from inside, the sound of her massive torrent gushing into the toilet was audible and was not helping the girls out one bit.

Flareon's legs quivered. "Guys guys please let me be next! I swear I feel like I'm gonna flood this house if I don't go next! I can't wait through you three!"

"H-hey I'm here too!" Leafeon started to pace in place herself. She hadn't participated in whatever drinking contest they had, but her morning pee was making her feel ready to pop.

"N-nooo way! I got here first, and I feel fuller than a water balloon!" Umbreon protested, still bent over and squirming like crazy.

"Y-you all know I have the weakest bladderrrr..." Flareon whined, trying so hard to force her quivering pussy lips shut.

"You girls are all a mess..." Espeon sighed and shrugged, then glaring at the door. "Vaporeon, can you hurry up before there's an ocean out here?!"

"D-don't... say... ocean..." Sylveon's legs quivered at the word.

"I-its gonna be a few minutes..." Vaporeon called out, her flood still clearly going strong.

And so they waited. All pee dancing in their own ways, trying to contain their pent-up floods as best as they could. It was only a few minutes later when one of them couldn't take it anymore.

"Aah! I can wait longer!" Flareon suddenly ran away over to the corner.

There was large a potted plant. Without warning, she stood over it, pulled down her panties and lifted her skirt, and finally let her floodgates open. Her massive storm of pee gushed out of her aching pussy directly into the plant, being soaked up by the dirt and starting to fill up the pot itself. She moaned out in pure bliss, much to the dismay of her friends, who all couldn't help but stare at her as she got the relief they all so desperately craved.

"W-well... thats one way to water them." Sylveon gripped her crotch tighter.

"A-aaaaahhhh..." Flareon's stream went on for at least a full minute, finally slowing down to a dribble and then full stopping.

"O-one less mess to mop up I suppose... though that plant is ruined now..." Umbreon started to pace in place.

"Can't lie, that was hella hot." Espeon smirked, causing Flareon's face to heat up.

"I-I couldn't wait any longer! I-i'll buy us a new plant..." Flareon pulled up her skirt.

"Mmm..." Leafeon tapped her feet, her own bladder getting almost as full as Flareon's was. "A-any space left in that pot?!"

"Umm... I think it'd overflow if anyone else used it..." Flareon looked at the nearly filled pot.

Finally, the desperate girls heard a joyous sound. The flushing of the toilet. Out waddled Vaporeon, smiling sheepishly.

"H-hehe... sorry gu- whoa!" Vaporeon nearly tripped as Umbreon rushed past her, the door soon slamming after. Immdiately, the sound of Umbreon's desperately pent-up stream hitting the toilet could be heard, making the other three squeeze their legs tighter. Didn't help hearing Umbreon's loud moans of relief.

"S-so... full..." Leafeon shut her eyes tight as she clutched herself. "Ghh! C-can't wait!"

She ran over to the plant Flareon had just used, hovering over it and pulling down her pajama pants. Instantly, her own forcefully torrent of pee gushed out of her pussy into the pot. Filling it up even further and quickly overflowing it, making the remainder of her long stream spill out onto the wood floor beneath her. She didn't care, moaning out in relief as she finally released her morning flood.

"I-I'll clean up..." Leafeon said as she finally finished up, pulling up her pants and walking downstairs to get a mop.

That left Sylveon and Espeon. The former of who was hopping in place now. She had more class than her friends, not wanting to use the already overfilled pot, but she was quickly approaching her limit.

Espeon meanwhile was getting rather desperate herself, a paw finally jammed into her crotch. She figured she could wait it out, but the sight of Sylveon so desperately dancing and hearing Umbreon's blissful torrent was making her start to question it.

Soon, the toilet flushed again. Relief was only a few seconds away for Sylveon. But right as Umbreon opened the door, the poor girl's muscles gave out. Her pussy lips forced themselves opened and instantly started gushing out her pee right into her panties.

"A-aah! No!" Sylveon tried to stop the flood, but it was futile. She quickly fell to her knees, her pee soaking her panties and dripping out onto the floor, forming a large puddle beneath her. "D-damn it..."

Watching this, Espeon felt a little bad for her friend. With a sigh, she let her own flood go. Her massive stream gushed out of her into her underwear and onto the floor. She stayed standing, but she felt so good her legs were quivering.

The rest of the girls were watching this in awe, all embarrassed seeing their friends wet themselves right in front of them. Yet they all couldn't help finding the sight attractive...

Leafeon came up with the mop, now seeing Sylveon on her knees in a puddle, and Espeon in a puddle of her own, she groaned.

The four relieved vees helped out mopping up the mess, while Espeon and Sylveon went to take showers. Through all the fuss, they all knew they'd better invest in that second bathroom soon...

###

I had a lot of fun writing these guys! And I definitely wanna write them more soon! If you enjoyed, give me suggestions with them! I could see fun writings using any combination of pairings with them all, so if you've got ideas for it please let me know! They might all get designs and names in the future if they stay reoccuring.

