Wetwired

Author: Alex_nb

*000*2025-03-10 22:01

This story is a collaboration with @diaperedskye. We hope you like it. Feedback is always welcome!

###

CHAPTER 1

Charlotte’s phone had been ringing for a few seconds before she could reach it and answer. There was some confusion at first, before she could get a grip on the phone, and sketch out a “H..Hello?”. A slightly metallic voice spoke on the line. “Hi, my name is Angelina, but just call me Lina. And you're Charlotte, correct?” “I’ll go straight to the point,” the voice added without waiting for the answer, “I got hired to retrieve some data, corporate stuff. You know, I’m a netrunner, and I need someone to cover my ass while I’m surfing. I’ve been told that you can be trusted. Right? Oh, and it’s big stuff, so it pays well.” Charlotte bit her lip, moving the phone away from her ear for a moment. Thinking about it, before she put it back. “Y..Yeah, okay, um..that sounds good.”

"You sure? You know how it works. You'll need to stand by me for a few hours while I'm surfing. Watch me. You won't be able to take breaks," Lina added. "And you will need to be ready to fight if anyone shows up. And disconnect me if anything goes wrong on the net." Charlotte bit her lip again. No breaks? She had… well, had accidents before, but they were minor, she’d be… fine, fingers crossed. “T..That’s fine. I understand.” "OK deal. So, meet me at the Neon Veins tonight. We’ll have a drink to figure out the details and we’ll get started shortly after.

I will have to work for a few hours, and we’ll be hiding in a quite basic place, the shop of a friend of mine down into the sprawl. So make sure you bring warm clothes and whatever you need to be comfortable. Any questions?" Charlotte shook her head, before realising that Lina couldn’t see her through the phone, and answering vocally instead. “N..Not really.” "OK. You look shy, girl. That's fine by me, as long as you can get my ass covered. But you know, I expect you to speak frankly with me if we have to work together. So, if you have any questions, just ask. See you at 8pm tonight at the Neon. You know how to get there, right?" Charlotte waited a moment before answering. “Y-Yeah. S-See you then.”

It was 8pm sharp, and Lina was waiting at a table at the Neon Vein, a cool bar in the sprawl. Lots of people. Lots of noise. There were all kinds of nerdish people, and quite a bunch of netrunners in the crowd. Some fixers, some dealers, some business people. Lina was sitting in the back, two large glasses containing some fluorescent blue liquid were on the table in front of her.

Charlotte arrived a few minutes after 8. She looked stunning as she entered, her short, blonde hair flicked in a way that gave her an unspeakably hot look. Her soft, dark blue and red makeup was mixed with black mascara. "Hi, I guess you must be Charlotte." Lina was quite stunned to discover Charlotte's look. She was expecting more of a nerdish, shy looking girl. She didn't expect her to look so hot. "Well, even better" she thought. She liked working with hot looking people. Yet, she didn’t waste any time in introductory chit chat. "So, Charlotte, here is how this is gonna work. I asked you to meet here to check on you before we enter into action, and this is a safe place to meet and chat. We are going to the garage of a friend of mine, deeper into the sprawl."

Charlotte nodded along to what the woman was saying, her nerves clear as she tapped her foot against the wooden floor. “R..Right.” "He is not there and he agreed to help me with this. In the back, he has cable access to a portion of the net that I'll need to explore. We will reach the place with my car, I've parked outside. It's going to be a cold and messy place. My friend is not really keeping it clean and cozy, you know? I will connect from there. Your role, as we discussed, will be to watch my back. I will try to access a server where I need to get some information for the next step." Lina paused to check Charlotte’s reaction, before adding:

"Two things can go wrong. Someone might notice us and enter the place. In that case, you'll have to fight. I guess you brought your gun." Charlotte nodded. "Or, I might run into some dangerous AI on the net. So if you notice anything wrong in the connection, you'll need to disconnect me. For both reasons, you can't leave me, even for a second. OK?" Lina was now looking at her with a cold, inquisitive expression. Charlotte nodded a little, hoping that things would, just once, go right. “Y-Yeah, I..I understand.” "Ok great", said Lina, now smiling at Charlotte and handing her the large, fluorescent drink. "Have this, it will bring you to the right mood. And then we'll get started." Charlotte took it, not really thinking much of the girl’s words as she took a few sips from it. Lina was now drinking her cocktail, silent. She seemed confident but also tense. After they were done drinking she murmured "Ok, let's go. Follow me."

Lina's car was a black AV parked just in front of the Neon. Once they got in, Lina handed a blindfold to Charlotte with a smile. "Sorry dear, you will have to wear this during the trip. You know, my friend wants to keep his privacy." Once in the car, Lina plugged a cable into her forefront and started the engine. The drive lasted for about 20 minutes. Traffic in the sprawl was messy and Lina was a fast driver, so the ride wasn't without bumps, but they arrived safely to their destination.

"Sorry, you still can't remove your blindfold, you will have to follow me inside". She grabbed Charlotte's hand and pulled her out of the AV, on the sidewalk, and into some cold, dark place. "Ok, you can remove it now." The garage was a mess. It was full of electronics, car parts and other stuff. "Follow me in the back, we don't have much time to prepare," Lina added. In the back, a big computer with cables everywhere emerged from the mess. Lina took some sort of sleeping bag from her backpack, and opened it near the computer.

"I will be inside this as it can get cold while I am surfing. You will sit next to me." She handed Charlotte a cover. "Take this in case you feel cold". She disappeared for a minute behind a broken door on one side of the room, then came back and started maneuvering the cables. "We will get started in five minutes. Are you ready? I will be in for a few hours. You might need food and water. Anything else?" Charlotte nodded a little, still a bit shaken from, well, being blindfolded and not really seeing everything, it made her nervous.

“I..I’ll be okay.” She mumbled, not wanting to bring her..need to go the bathroom into the forefront, she already seemed like enough of a child with how nervous and finicky she was — let alone having to go to the bathroom right now. Lina looked at her, perplexed. "Hey, lady, aren't you forgetting something? You got what I said, I'll be gone for a few hours. So, unless your bladder is a rock, I guess you would better visit the bathroom. It's over there, where I just went" she added, pointing to the broken door. "And hurry up, I need to connect in two minutes."

Charlotte bit her lip, and shook her head. “I-I’ll be okay. No time to..to waste, right?” She sounded more like she was convincing herself than the woman across from her. And she had to forcefully look away from the woman so that she wouldn’t see the absolute state she was in, her face red as ever, and her hair a jumbled mess, sweated up from the ride over here. Lina gave Charlotte a strange look, as if she was not convinced, but she had more urgent stuff in her mind than to care about Charlotte's bathroom needs. She made herself comfortable in a small armchair near the computer, wrapped the sleeping bag around her, and started inserting the cables in the plugs that came out of her arms and her forehead. "OK, Charlotte, the floor here is yours, let's go" she said in a voice that revealed a little bit of concern. Seconds later, the computer was emitting strange buzzes and Lina was lying there, unconscious, next to Charlotte.

A few hours passed and nothing happened to Lina. The room was dark and cold, the computer kept buzzing, but apart from that, everything was silent. When Charlotte was about to lose hope that Lina would ever come back, the noise from the computer changed in pitch, and Lina's body started shaking slowly. A few more minutes passed, before Lina was fully conscious again. She started unplugging the cables. "Looks like I was lucky today" she said, looking at Charlotte with a large, complicit smile. "I got the data I needed," she added. "What about you? Was everything OK?"

Charlotte tried her best to smile back. The inevitable, however, had already happened. Beneath her was a small puddle — it wasn’t large by any means but she couldn’t really take credit for it — she just had a small bladder, accidents seemed to happen so frequently, especially when she wasn’t well, like right now — but in the same regard, they were manageable — not big enough for people to really notice unless, of course, she was sitting down with a puddle underneath her like right now — but many times, when she was younger, she had gotten away with accidents by simply wetting herself on grass, or something like that — no risk, no reward, right? Lina noticed Charlotte's strange smile and her weird silence and wondered what was going on. She still didn't know her well, and she didn't know if she could trust her - although she had been given very good recommendations.

She slowly started inspecting the room, looking around for signs of trouble, keeping an eye open on Charlotte who kept sending signals of discomfort. All seemed OK and Lina could not understand what was wrong with Charlotte. She looked down at her body and that's when she finally noticed the puddle in which Charlotte had been sitting. "What's that?" Lina asked in an inquisitorial tone, pointing with her finger to Charlotte's wet butt. Charlotte went a little red, as she shook her head. “N-Nothing! I..I needed to go, but i didn’t want to leave you unprotected, so I..” She didn’t know what to say now. Was it more embarrassing to lie and say she did it on purpose? Or was it better to just be truthful, that it had, in fact just… happened? Lina burst out laughing.

"Whaaaat? Are you kidding me? So that's pee? You peed yourself? And I had even told you to use the bathroom before we started. You are supposed to cover my ass and you can't even keep yours dry?" Charlotte grew even redder, her gaze falling to the floor. “I-I um, I have issues and sometimes I..I can’t-” She tried to manage the right words, but they just wouldn’t come out. Which would probably happen to anyone being berated like she was. Lina didn't know what to do. She never had to deal with anything like that - an adult woman totally wetting herself in front of her.

She thought that the situation was absurd, she had hired a bodyguard who was now sitting in a puddle of her own urine. And yet, she was feeling some affection for Charlotte. After all, she thought, Charlotte had really proven herself trustworthy - right, she was ready to wet herself rather than leave Lina unprotected. Slowly, Lina's expression changed and she was now looking at Charlotte with a nicer smile. "Well, I guess you are right, you had no choice. It's no big deal after all. Come on, let's take care of this together" she said, offering a hand to Charlotte.

Charlotte bit her lip, she nodded a little, taking Lina’s hand. “I..I am sorry. I know it’s not professional — I didn't…” she paused for a moment, her cheeks growing warm because of the lie that she was about to tell. “I didn’t know I needed to go until it was um, bad enough that I had to go and..I just couldn’t hold it much longer, and I thought leaving you unprotected would be..” "Sssshhh, it's OK" Lina nodded. "Let's get you cleaned up, it's cold in here.

I guess the bathroom is disgusting enough that we don't need to go in there, and in any case, you don't need it anymore" she added with a light teasing smile, looking down at the big puddle that was still there on Charlotte's chair. She went out in the other room and came back shortly with a pack of clothes. "These are my friend's clothes, I know he keeps spares here because he can get very dirty in his work" Lina said, handing the pile to Charlotte. She also got a pack of wet wipes from her bag and handed it to Charlotte. "So, should I leave the room while you get changed?" she asked. Charlotte bit her lip, a soft blush crossing her features as she shrugged a little. “I..I don’t mind.” She mumbled softly, looking down at her sodden clothes, she really had drenched herself — it was so nerve wracking — knowing you had pissed yourself, having to explain that to people, she found it so scary.

There was a minute of silence, during which Charlotte seemed undecided on what to do. They were facing each other in the cold, dark room. Lina observed once again Charlotte’s soaked pants. “Hey, it seems that when you lose control, you lose it all, huh?” Lina said, looking at Charlotte with a smile. She was starting to like this shy girl, and she felt like the situation was getting intimate enough that a little teasing could be acceptable.

Charlotte moved a bit, she looked uncomfortable, which made sense, who would be comfortable standing in peed pants in the middle of a cold room? And yet, she seemed incapable of taking any action. “OK, looks like I’ll have to take care of this, right?” Lina added, approaching her. She removed Charlotte's shoes, which looked dry, and “come on, put your hand on my shoulder” she said, grabbing her hand and firmly putting it on her shoulder, while she started unbuttoning Charlotte's pants. She carefully pulled Charlotte's pants down to her knees, which left her underwear exposed. Lina put a hand on Charlotte’s hip, and turned her a bit to check the situation on her butt.

“Oh wow, that’s really soaked” she couldn’t help but comment loudly. In fact, because Charlotte had wet herself while sitting, her underwear was wet all around her butt, up to the waistband. Lina was surprised when the thought “hey, that’s a cute butt” traversed her mind, which looked funny to her given that the butt in question was covered with piss. “OK, let’s get you out of your pants first. Raise a leg” she told Charlotte, who obeyed leaning on Lina’s shoulder.

Lina pulled one leg out of the pants, ordered a “change leg”, and followed up with the other. Charlotte was now standing in the middle of the room, her legs naked (“hot legs”, Lina thought, once again a bit surprised of herself). Now it was time to pull the underwear down. Lina hesitated a bit, not knowing well what to do, perhaps it was a bit too far of a stretch to remove the underwear of someone she barely knew? On the other hand, she was now acutely aware of her own desire to see Charlotte's naked butt.

Charlotte was beyond mortified about everything that had happened. She hated how weak her bladder was — how situations like this didn’t even surprise her anymore, because they happened often. She couldn’t remember a time where the thought of an accident hadn’t run rampant in her mind — it was horrible, really. Yet something about the whole situation felt like a blessing — she watched on, silently, her flushed features growing redder by the moment as Lina helped undress her.

She was quite pretty, her skin was soft and well-complexed, her legs were beautiful, a soft tan stretching across them, only separated by the small streaks of wet stains across her skin. Her butt was small, but full, her short frame helping to assure her curves, which despite her skinniness, were still visible — she honestly looked beautiful. She brushed a few strands of hair from her face as she watched Lina freeze for a moment, she was practically naked, her bra and panties the only thing stopping her from being nothing but beautiful skin, and a cute little butt.

“I..I struggle to hold it in when it happens,” she mumbled softly. "Well, I guess you would have struggled a bit less this time if you had followed my suggestion and went pee before I jumped into the net, right?" Lina said, staring firmly into Charlotte's deep, black eyes, looking for some sign of what was going on in this strange girl's mind. "Why didn't you go pee? I had told you, I would be away for hours," she added, before her eyes went down again on Charlotte's panties, which not only were totally soaked on the back, but also showed some wetness on the front.

"Anyways, while you think about it, we need to dress you up in clean clothes. Turn around," Lina ordered. She figured out that it would be perhaps less embarrassing for Charlotte to show her butt, rather than her front, while getting changed. Charlotte did as she was asked, bringing her hands up to her face to hide the absolutely mortified look on it, as well as the pink, rosy blush that had crossed her features — god — of course it had to be her, doing this. “S..Sorry,” she mumbled softly, her eyes flickering to the floor, she seemed like a shy, quiet, lovely girl, maybe just… a little accident prone.

A few seconds later, Charlotte’s panties were lying on the floor, and Lina was cleaning up Charlotte’s legs with a wet wipe, unable to move her eyes away from Charlotte’s cute butt and even cuter pubes. Lina’s brain was now racing, filled with desire. She wished she could ask Charlotte to lie down on a nearby bed, spread her legs, so that she could admire what she imagined as the cutest pussy in the world. Yet, Lina thought that the whole situation was probably not very sexual to Charlotte, and it should not be sexual for her as well, and tried to move her mind away from its aroused state. She handed another wet wipe to Charlotte. “Hey, this time it’s up to you, I am not going there”, pointing with her finger to Charlotte’s pubes and trying as hard as she could to look away while Charlotte took the wipe and started passing it around her private parts.

Another few seconds, and Lina was handing Charlotte a pair of boxer briefs of her friend. His friend was thin enough that the boxer briefs fitted Charlotte quite well, curving in a really hot way around her cute butt. Lina then handed Charlotte his friend’s T-shirt and overalls. She couldn’t help but think that Charlotte was really, really cute in that outfit. Another strong desire, of grabbing Charlotte’s hand, pulling her body towards hers, and kissing her passionately, went through her mind and was quickly pulled away. “OK, you’re clean now, let’s leave the place” Lina said, while she started packing her stuff. She put Charlotte’s wet clothes in a plastic bag that she handed to her friend with a light smile. “These are yours, honey, I am certainly not washing them” she said, while Charlotte’s gaze went down to the floor again.

They were now in the AV, Lina plugs were connected to the car while she drove at full speed in the sprawl. After a few minutes, Lina broke the silence. “Hey, Charlotte, you know, I don’t want shit between us. I need you to speak frankly and answer my questions, if we are to work together. OK?” she said, with a tone that left only little choice to her passenger. “I..I.. uhm, yeah, I guess that’s correct,” Charlotte nodded in response.

“OK so now you tell me what’s happened, really. Why didn't you use the bathroom when I told you to do so? And what’s these… issues you have?” Lina said, again, in a way that left no choice to Charlotte but to give an honest answer. And yet, Charlotte seemed hesitant. Her cheeks were flashing red, her gaze was erratic, her hands were clasping nervously. It took a good minute before she could finally answer.

“Well… I… yeah, I have issues with bathrooms. I am really, really scared by a dirty bathroom, and I… I just can’t use them.” Charlotte said in a soft, embarrassed tone. That definitely didn’t make her look like a killer, correct? She was surprised by Lina’s reaction. “It’s OK, honey, we all have our little issues, and I also have mine, not that I want you to know which ones,” she said with a sarcastic smile. “But yet," she added, “you should have told me, we could have found a clean bathroom for you to go piss instead of doing it in your cute panties, right? Next time, we’ll take care of this, so you end your shift dry.” “Y…yeah,” Charlotte added, feeling not really convinced.

Lina looked at her with a puzzled face. “You won’t make it dry, even if you go to the bathroom before we start?” “Yes, yes, of course, I will,” Charlotte added in a rush, her soft cheeks now a bit darker than they should be. Lina decided that she would believe it, for the moment. Another few minutes of light chit chat, and Lina left Charlotte in front of the Neon Vein, where she had parked her own car. “I’ll call you soon,” she said with a smile before closing the AV door and disappearing in the dark of the sprawl.

*001*2025-03-11 10:20

CHAPTER 2

It was still dark outside. Charlotte was sleeping restlessly, when an almost imperceptible sound from her phone alerted her. “Meet me at 8am sharp at the Neon. Bring equipment. We’ll have breakfast there,” was Lina’s lapidary message. She looked at the clock, it was 5am. She decided to give up sleep and get ready for what looked like a tough day.

When she entered the Neon Vein, she was stunning as usual. It was hot outside and she was wearing a t-shirt, jeans shorts, and military boots. Her short, blond hair was slightly disheveled, betraying a difficult night’s sleep. Lina was there and had already ordered for both. “Why does she always decide what I get to eat or drink?” Charlotte thought, a bit annoyed. But she had to admit that Lina had a good taste. A large plate of eggs with salmon, avocado and toast was waiting for her, together with fresh orange juice and a large cup of coffee. “Hey, who's going to pay for that?” Charlotte said, worried. Fresh stuff like that was the preserve of the rich, and would cost a fortune in the sprawl. “That's on me”, Lina said, with a nod. “You will need good energy today.” Charlotte sat down and started eating without a word. The taste of real, fresh food was delicious, something she has not experienced in years.

“Ok, so listen. Today is going to be more difficult. I studied the information I got the other day. To make progress I need to enter deeply into our friends’ system.” Lina was looking at Charlotte, scrutinizing her reactions. She profited from the break to gorge on a mouthful of eggs and bread. “To enter deeply, I need a good starting point, and that's the tricky part. We will need to start from inside. And of course they won't let us enter inside their offices, right?” “Guess not,” Charlotte added, a bit grumpy, while Lina was still smiling at her, excited.

“Correct. But I have a plan. Our friends have all kinds of illegal activities. For one of those, they use as a cover what looks like a little furniture shop in the sprawl. They have a terminal inside with direct access to a portion of their intranet. The whole thing is not so important to them to put a whole bunch of guards. In the morning, things are quiet and there is only one armed guard. It should be easy to get rid of him and break inside. We will have about ten minutes after that,” Lina added in a rush.

A minute of silence followed as Charlotte was considering the situation. The whole thing looked risky but she fucking needed that money. “You in?” Lina asked. “Yeah”, was the only answer she got from Charlotte. They finished breakfast in silence. “Charlie?” Lina asked with a perplexed tone. “What?” “This place has a very clean bathroom. Perhaps you should…” “Yeah, got it”, Charlotte cut her quickly, her gaze to the floor, her cheeks burning red at the remembrance of what had happened last time. They both took care of their business and quickly exited the Neon to Lina’s AV.

A few minutes later they had already reached the place, took care of the guard, and barricaded inside. Lina connected her plugs to the corporate terminal and in a few seconds she was surfing the net. Charlotte sat down near her, ready to cover. She was now wearing a bulletproof jacket above her t-shirt, guns in both hands. Her nerves were tense, and as usual in these situations, her bladder started to send signals of distress to her brain. The large orange juices and coffee cups definitely did not help. Fuck her little, overactive bladder. It was so annoying, and often plainly humiliating. Charlotte couldn't wait to get rid of it for a new one. She had seen an advertisement from Biotech for their brand new bladders made with real human cells. It was just so fucking expensive. That's why she needed this money. She had already invested quite a lot in her body, she was broke at present, and this was the final step that would allow her to be fully at ease with herself.

Lina was making good progress inside the corporation intranet. She was searching within an archive when a loud noise caught her by surprise. She turned to face a huge, menacing AI. The AI had a simple cubic shape, but the quickly changing colors and the rapidity of its actions indicated that it was loaded with high-level defense programs. Lina immediately went into fight mode, and activated her best attack programs, only to see the AI sending an alert signal to the corporation that she was unable to stop. In the room, Charlotte noticed that something was wrong. The terminal was now emitting strange crackling noises, and Lina’s body was shaking. Charlotte’s attention went to high alert mode and a spasm immediately hit her bladder. “Fuck,” she thought, “not now…”. But she had no time to think more as a deep, loud thud came from behind her.

“Fuck, fuck, fuck, they are here…” Charlotte had no time to take care of Lina now. The entrance door was barricaded, but there was a little air vent on its side. Charlotte put her eye on it and saw three heavily-armed corporate guards trying to open the door from outside. She put her precision gun inside the air vent, and - click - one of the guards went down. She saw the two other guards immediately taking cover while shouting. Another spasm hit her bladder, but now her adrenaline was so high that she didn’t care. “Fuck it if I end up wet, I have to save our asses now” was the only thought that went through Charlotte’s mind as she directed her rifle laser’s sight towards the second guard and shot.

The guard went down at the same time as another spasm hit, and a trickle of urine went down Charlotte’s panties, part of it trickling on the side, out of her shorts and along her left leg. But Charlotte didn’t even pay attention to it, as the third guard had found some cover and was now shooting at the air vent with a heavy gun. Charlotte quickly moved on the other side of the entrance door, before a grenade hit the vent opening a large hole in the wall. Without thinking much, Charlotte rushed to the hole and threw her own laser-tracked grenade towards the place where she had last seen the third guard hiding. Retrospectively, she thought that she had really taken a huge risk there, but her bravery was rewarded as the stupid guard had not moved from there, and was neutralized by the explosion.

A weird silence filled the room as the dust from the multiple explosions was settling down. Charlotte was standing short-breathed, her back leaning against the wall near the large hole, her legs slightly pulled apart. Her adrenaline went a bit down, enough for her body to relax a little bit, enough for her strained bladder to give up completely to another spasm. A torrent of pee started coming out of her, filling her panties, splashing out of her jeans shorts, on both sides, loudly hitting the floor and forming a large puddle between her feet. Charlotte sobbed helplessly, looking down to the cascading urine, humiliated, feeling the warmth diffusing all around her crotch area. That’s when she remembered Lina and raised her eyes to look for her, crossing her shocked gaze.

Lina had tried to fight the AI to no success, but had managed to escape and disconnect from the net just in time to avoid her brain being burned by the attack. She had just recovered consciousness to the splashing sound of Charlotte’s pee, and witnessed her mate’s wetting accident in full. Realizing this, Charlotte’s face turned to bright red as she sobbed a “sorry Lina, I…”. “No time for apologies,” Lina said, grabbing her hand and pulling her out of the large hole in the wall, “we need to get out of here, now.” They both rushed to Lina’s AV and were jumping in it when Charlotte hesitated. “I…I am a mess… I am going to wet your beautiful seat…” “Hey, fuck the seat and hurry” Lina ordered in response, pulling Charlotte inside the car, quickly plugging the cables and starting the engine. A few minutes later, they had managed to hide their trace and were safely entering Lina’s apartment.

