Mary and the Long Bus Ride (A Seventh Heaven fanfic)

Author: Arnold

*000*2021-05-13 16:47

Mary wanted to kick herself. The tall and pretty blonde-haired senior had been a basketball player for a lot of years and she really should have known better. As the Kennedy High School team bus makes it’s way through traffic on the way to Westdale High on this cold Friday night, Mary feels yet another intense surge from her bladder. As she had already been doing for a good portion of the trip, Mary clamps down hard to maintain control and to keep from wetting herself right there on the bus. As the long bus trip drags on, Mary most certainly did want to kick herself. She really should have known better than to get on the bus without having gone to the bathroom first.

As the tall and pretty basketball star -- her team’s leading scorer -- pushes back the urge from her bladder, it’s now her other bathroom need that causes her concern. Concern and also considerable discomfort. As her bowels now suddenly push for relief, Mary must shift her focus from tightened thigh muscles to keep from wetting herself to preventing herself from having an even worse kind of accident. With a strong feeling in the pit of her stomach, Mary feels a strong push as her bowel movement -- no doubt a large one -- starts to make it’s way out.

And then as Mary clamps down and prevents the coming load from coming farther out of her, she feels her stomach cramp uncomfortably. As the pretty and popular high school senior fortunately remains in control of herself, she really does want to kick herself. If she had just gone to the girls’ room before getting on the bus, all this could have been avoided. “How could I have had to go both ways and still not gone to the bathroom before getting on the bus,” she thinks to herself.

But by now -- at least momentarily have successfully fought off both bathroom needs -- Mary takes a moment to breathe a sigh of relief. She tries to focus her attention on the game against Westdale -- the team that beat them last year for the state sectional championship. Mary always wants to win, but she wants to win this one more than she wants to win most. But as the pretty basketball star tries to focus on that, it all comes back to her that it should have made it even more important for her to take care of her bathrooms needs before getting on the bus. I mean, tonight of all nights, she certainly didn’t need a distraction like this. As Mary sits there on the bus contemplating her situation, she can hear in the back of her mind her coach saying and her mom saying to always pay the bathroom a visit before getting on the bus or getting into the car for a long trip.

But Mary’s sigh of relief with her bathroom needs having somewhat subsided is, of course, only short-lived. Mary knows full well -- as do we all -- that these needs don’t simply go away. Typically, these needs, when ignored, only come back even stronger.

It isn’t long before Mary is once again facing the need to move her bowels -- only this time quite a bit stronger than before. She suddenly feels the tip of what is surely a big load breach it’s confines inside her. The desperate girl clamps down with all her might -- desperately trying to stop the load’s progress and keep the bowel movement from going into her underwear or even worse. She clamps her butt cheeks tightly together to block it’s progress, she pushes herself down on the bus seat, and she twists her legs trying to get the best leverage -- anything to keep the bowel movement from coming out.

She feels her stomach cramp badly. It’s no longer a matter of simply being uncomfortable. Keeping this bowel movement inside her is causing her outright pain. Somehow, though, Mary manages to stay in control. But she does fear that with that initial push this time, it may have come out far enough where the tip of it made contact with her panties -- to “touch cotton” as the saying goes. But she knows that she can’t worry about that now. She knows that if she doesn’t get to a toilet soon, it’s going to be a lot worse than just the tip of it touching her panties.

Again, Mary manages to win the battle against her bowel movement. Once gain, Mary breathes a sigh of relief with her need to go temporarily subsided. But once again -- almost as if on cue -- she then feels the urge from her bladder. The strong surge comes on quickly, just as Mary is able to slowly ease her grip on her bowels. This time a few squirts do escape before Mary can comfortably shift her control from her bowels to her bladder. Fortunately, she manages to keep in control of both but again, not before a few squirts escapes into her panties. The damage doesn’t seem so bad -- certainly not as bad as it could have been -- but it’s definitely enough that Mary can feel a bit of wetness in the crotch of her panties. That, and she still can’t be sure that her bowel movement hadn’t “touched cotton” before.

As Mary fights off this need as well, she really starts to wonder how much longer she can hold it in. She knows that if she doesn’t get herself to a toilet soon, the next round will only come on stronger than the previous one and she’ll be in serious danger of going in her pants at least one or perhaps both ways. She doesn’t want to ask the coach for a pit stop -- she doesn’t want to ask the coach to stop the bus somewhere so she can go to the bathroom -- but she wonders if that might be her only option at this point.

She wonders if that might be her only option, to avoid going in her pants. But that’ll, of course, mean explaining her situation to the coach -- admitting to not having taken care of those needs before getting on the bus like she supposed to -- and there would be consequences to that. But then again, there would surely be consequences for her going in her pants as well. “I mean, wouldn’t that be proof as well of her not having gone before getting on the bus,” Mary reasons with herself. Mary obviously considers that it would be a whole lot better -- and obviously, a whole lot less embarrassing -- to get punished for the former rather than the latter.

But just as Mary decides to tell the coach of her desperate situation and ask for a pit stop, she suddenly hears a round of cheering on the bus. Looking up, Mary sees that Westdale High School is now in sight and her teammates cheer in anticipation. Mary doesn’t join in the cheer, but you can bet that she’s even happier than they are to finally be here.. She finds herself simply hoping against hope that her bladder and especially her bowels can wait just a little while longer.

She knows that another surge from either of them will likely be stronger than before and she barely managed to hold it in before. She’s not confident that she could resist another surge from either of her bodily functions. And she knows that if the urge for both somehow manage to surge at the same time, it would surely be a disaster. As the bus pulls into the parking lot at Westdale High, Mary keeps telling herself that it won’t be long to a toilet now. She just hopes that her bladder and her bowels will be patient enough to wait until she can get there.

As the bus comes to a stop at the gymnasium entrance to let the team off, the girls gather their stuff and prepare to exit the bus. Mary, not surprisingly, is the first one off. They are promptly greeted and exchange pleasantries with the Athletic Director for the other school. He seems like a nice guy but under the circumstances, Mary isn’t particularly interested in small talk. After holding it in this long, it would truly be a shame for her to lose it and have an accident now. “Is that our locker room over there?” Mary impatiently asks -- trying to move things along -- as she points down the hall. In short course, there are indeed led to their locker room.

As Mary enters, she immediately looks and sees a row of three toilets (along with three sinks) over in the far corner of the locker room. She quickly drops her stuff (practically throwing down her gym bag) and all but runs over to the toilets. Taking the first stall she comes to, she doesn’t even take the time to lock the door. Instead, in practically record time, she yanks down her pants and panties and just plops herself down on the toilet seat. Immediately, she starts peeing. In fact, she actually started peeing even before her pretty butt was even down on the seat.

Mary pees. And she pees. And she pees and she pees and she pees. The pretty, blonde-haired basketball star pees what can only be described as a powerful, hissing torrent. It splashes noisily into the toilet water below. And with Mary just sitting there with the stall door wide open, the noise reverberates through the locker room and all eyes are drawn to their teammate sitting there peeing in the toilet.

“Man, girl -- better lay off those big gulps,” one of her teammates is heard to remark. The remark, of course, is a bit of friendly teasing about the volume and ferocity of Mary’s peeing. But for pretty high school senior and basketball star, the relief is too great to care. Mary -- the daughter of a minister -- had always been quite private about her bodily functions. But today -- having to pee as bad as she did -- the relief she feels is simply too great for her to care about that now. As Mary sits and just lets her bladder drain -- quite a bit exposed on the toilet with the stall door open -- the feeling of relief is just pure bliss.

Soon, still peeing full force, Mary starts to feel her bowels starting to move. By now, other girls have come to the bathroom area and two of her teammates enter the other two stalls that are there. The crackling sound from Mary’s coming bowel movement is evident. One girl, checking herself in one of the mirrors over the sinks, reacts in disgust that Mary would be doing that with the stall door open. She admonishes Mary to close the stall door but, being on the toilet as she is -- now actually going both ways -- is in no position to get up and close it now. One of the other girls walks over and tries to close it for her, but she finds she can’t lock it from the outside.

With the stall door still open, Mary’s bowel movement comes thundering out of her. It’s a big, thick, solid movement at first. Then, as the girls’ pee stream gradually starts to trail off, Mary feels her stomach cramp a bit. She then feels a new surge from her bowels as a soft mass of less formed fecal matter quickly pushes it’s way out. It’s all quick and painless but the girl’s feeling of relief is no less sweet. But once again -- almost as if on cue -- her bowels surge once again and send another wave of soft, less-formed fecal matter into the toilet water below.

Finally, Mary is emptied of both bodily functions. The senior can’t remember when simply using the toilet ever felt this good. She sits and enjoys that feeling of relief and also the feeling of relief that she had indeed made it to the toilet in time. It’s then that she suddenly remembers again that she’s sitting there with the stall door still open. With it all now done and in the toilet, Mary then takes the opportunity to get up and bolt the stall door shut. In doing so, she has the occasion to look into the toilet and see the tremendous bowel movement that she just did. She doesn’t want to even think about how close she came to doing all that in her pants. She doesn’t want to think about what would have happened then.

Still, though, she finds her underwear badly skidmarked. A dark streak is present from the bottom all the way up through the back of her panties. Just as she’d feared, the tip of her bowel movement had indeed “touched cotton” and rubbed against her panties. It isn’t so much that it can really be said that she’s messed her panties -- clearly it’s nothing like that -- but it isn’t like her panties are clean, either.

To Mary, it kind of looks like the after-effects of someone having gone to the toilet and then not wiping her behind afterwards. It’s enough to make her happy that she’s got a change of panties in her gym bag. She checks the front of her panties as well. She rubs her hand there and feels that they’re wet. Again, it’s not a full-blown panty-wetting accident by any means, but a good bit definitely did leak out on her way to the toilet. She feels wetness on her inner thighs as well She feels disgusted with herself, but she’s nonetheless quite relieved knowing how much worse it really could have been.

Now, with the stall door locked shut, Mary’s next order of business is, of course, wiping herself. It’s a soft messy movement and Mary isn’t surprised when her first two wipes prove to be quite messy. Given the large bowel movement already in the toilet, Mary then flushes after the first two wipes. The last thing she wants now is to clog the toilet. But obviously, Mary is not done wiping yet. As she drags the next wipe through her behind, it comes back considerably less messy than the prior two.

But when she digs the fourth wipe deeper into the crack of her behind -- really trying to get thoroughly clean back there -- it proves to be another quite messy one. But that wipe does seem to have done a good job. A fifth wipe -- a similarly vigorous one -- proves to be substantially clean. Another wipe right down the center comes back completely clean and two more wipes directed more broadly through her behind finish the job for her. Flushing the toilet again to make sure it doesn’t clog, she then takes three more wipes to dry herself.

Having peed a pit in her panties she tries to blot her panties dry and feeling wetness on her thighs, she uses toilet paper there as well. Contemplating the streak mark in her panties, Mary concludes that there isn’t much she can do about that here. Again, she’s glad she has another pair in her gym bag. For the time being, though, she pulls up the ones she’s wearing. She flushes the toilet a third time to dispose of that last round of toilet paper.

Exiting the stall, it doesn’t escape notice how long she’s been in there. One girl on the team mockingly applauds her. Another girl asks her is she’s alright. “I am now,” Mary tells her with a smile. After washing her hands, Mary retrieves her gym bag and heads over to the lockers to get changed for the game. Normally, she only changes into fresh panties after the game (taking off the ones she’s sweated in), but on this occasion, she decides to put on the clean ones now. She’s careful changing out of them as she obviously doesn’t want the others to see how skidmarked they are. Taking them off, she quickly stuffs the skidmarked panties deep into her gym bag to be dealt with later. Nobody seems to notice. Mary then, of course, continues dressing for the game.

They win.

And this time, Mary is sure to use the girls’ room -- having a long pee -- before getting on the bus to go home. And once home, Mary sneaks her skidmarked panties into the bathroom with her and scrubs them clean before putting them in the wash.

