Love can bloom from wet shorts

Author: Aquamin

*000*2020-01-03 01:48

Annie whimpered in her seat, biting her thumb as she shut her eyes. The 18-year-old student crossed her legs almost unnoticed in the back of the study hall. She glanced around. The eyes of her 3 friends were upon her. Madison, who was sitting in front of her, rolled her eyes." Are seriously desperate now? you will ruin your bladder for later." Annie shrugged and calmly uncrossed her legs, her bladder high and dry. "Just teasing you Madison. My bladder is desert status right now." Madison scoffed and turned back to face the front. Madison was always the more serious and competitive of the friend group, constantly in sports tournaments and training sessions. The fun the group was going to have later was her idea to start with. The girls had many friendly contests since they met in year 2, but never a pee holding contest.

FLASHBACK

Madison thought it was a strange idea when it came to her during a football game, it suddenly appeared along with a spike in her need to pee. Even in the cold December air, she was sweating like crazy. Two jugs of water had already disappeared into her mouth, and a third was well on the way. Every time she stopped, she placed her feet on top of each other to discreetly cross her legs. The growing pressure made her sweat with nervousness. Would she piss herself on the pitch? She began to squeeze her bladder muscles as the need to let go almost caused her to leak. Warm urine threatened to soak her black shorts in front of the whole college team, and a small part of her enjoyed it.

From the stands, her friends cheered her on. Susan and Morgan were oblivious to their friend's plight; but not Annie. Annie had loved peeing for as long as she could remember, wetting herself in the bath had become part of her routine, and she could recognise a desperate girl from a mile away. She liked to be called an omorashi enthusiast, but none of her irl friends knew that. Her free time was spent chatting, sharing pictures, and having an overall good time with fellow omo lovers on discord. A personal pride of her's was having a pinned post of her drenched pink knickers with 30 upvotes. After years of watching the wet endeavours of both girls and boys, she could pick out the telltale signs of someone needing an urgent visit to the restroom and right now, Madison was ticking all the boxes.

On the pitch, Madison cried out in jubilation as the final whistle blew. Not because her team had won 3-2, but because she could finally go pee. She bolted off the pitch like a girl on a mission because she was. Mission objective: find relief. Annie noticed Madison's urgent departure but the mass exodus of the spectators prevented her from following Madison. Madison came thundering into the changing rooms, screeching around the corner to the showers and probably removing an inch of rubber from her trainers.

She froze in the middle of the room and stared at the stainless steel showerheads. One of them dripped steadily onto the floor, each drop sent shock waves through the floor, up her legs, into her urethra, and finally shaking her fragile bladder control. Slowly her left leg crossed over the right "F-f-f-fuck me" her voice was shaky and weak. Her hands made their way to the crotch of her shorts and began to press against her sensitive pussy. Madison could feel her control begin to crack, sweat dripped from her blonde hair done up in her usual ponytail.

Once again, the idea of a holding contest fluttered into her mind. Madison was sure she had the largest bladder of the group because of this experience, surely she had at least 1.8 litres inside her at the moment no one could top that. Images of Susan and Morgan sitting in wet puddles came to her, Annie standing before her and shaking in desperation; begging Madison to lose control and pee. Imaginary Madison laughed and declared she could hold for another 4 hours, this broke imaginary Annie; and a flood of urine poured from under her skirt.

There was no way Madison would pee herself in front of her crush. A sudden warmth grabbed Madison and threw her back into reality. Her eyes fluttered open, and she looked down. She suppressed an urge to scream as she saw yellow liquid flow through her fingers and down her legs onto her snow-white shin socks. Her pitch-black shorts were becoming a lot darker as her bladder released its contents into it at an alarming rate, Madison quickly launched herself into the nearest shower stall and slammed the door shut.

She knew it was futile to try and regain control and simply let it her bladder have its way. Her urethra pumped out golden urine through her green panties as if they were not there, streams of hot piss ran down each leg and ran into shoes. Madison's hard panting echoed across the room, but louder was the splattering of her pee on the shower room floor. "H-a-a-aaaahhhh s-sso much pee." She lifted up her yellow shirt to protect it from any pee damage, giving her a better look at her shrinking bladder bulge. The warmth in her shorts was matched by her cheeks as the flood subsided and finally finished. Madison was shaking so bad she could hardly stand, she would normally never sit clothed on the damp shower floor, but her clothes were beyond damp at the moment. Running her hands through her hair, she tried to compose herself. The puddle flowed towards to drain and out under the door, anyone walking by would see the yellow tint and notice the slight pee smell and put two and two together.

The idea of being discovered like this was too much for Madison. She ran a different route home than usual to prevent her friends from finding her, the black hoodie she would have worn was wrapped around her waist. Arriving at her apartment, she discarded every article of clothing save for her damp, cold panties. Some part of her wanted to keep them on. She slid under her comfy bedsheets with her phone and began to search on google. Why do i sorta like the feeling of wetting my pants? Within a few minutes, she was on a site called Omorashi.org and making an account faster than any other website she had ever been on. The topic she posted that described in detail the day's events grabbed the attention of another user whose identity would stun Madison.

Literally down the hall, in her apartment, she purposely bought close to her friend and secret crush, Annie was browsing her favourite site: Omorashi.org. A certain topic had grabbed her attention "Wet my shorts after football and sort of liked it." She could not believe it. It couldn't be Madison surely it couldn't. A quick read later and it confirmed it, yes it was Madison. Her crush sort of enjoyed her wetting. Also, she wet and did not go to the loo. The vivid description from Madison sent Annie's hormones into overdrive, and, within 4 minutes, she had orgasmed all over her sofa. Annie silently thanked past Annie for not using her real name for her profile so that now she could covertly speak with Madison online.

Back in her own apartment Madison browsed the seemingly endless galleries on the org. A notification suddenly appeared. Someone had messaged her directly. Another notification came quickly after, the same user had followed her. Madison adjusted herself in bed before starting to type

Annabladder456: "Hey there."

Madisonwantshugs23: "Hello."

Annabladder456: "I really liked your shorts wetting story, you were really brave to hold and keep playing."

Madisonwantshugs23: "Thank you so much it felt really good to let it go, but, I was a bit unsure of why I liked it at first."

Madisonwantshugs23: "Some of the topics on here helped me figure out why I liked it."

Annabladder456: "What was the reason?"

Madisonwantshugs23: "It felt so good to release all the pressure, and the warm pee felt so good on my legs."

Annie's heart fluttered.

Annabladder456: "That's the reason I like it as well, I personally love wetting panties and skirts."

Madisonwantshugs23: "Cool, can I see some pic if you have some?"

Annie sent a few pictures, one was the skirt that she wore to college constantly. "Shit" she whispered.

Madisonwantshugs23: "Wow your skirt's and panties are so fucking cute, that skirt in the 3rd picture looks like one my bestie wears a lot lol."

Annie was panicking and sweating profusely.

Annabladder456: "Really? sorry if that is weird for you."

Madisonwantshugs23: "It's actually a great thing."

Annie's eyes went wide.

Annabladder456: "It is?"

Madisonwantshugs23: "Yeah, she is called Annie, and I have a secret crush on her *blushing emoji*."

Annie's heart leapt out of her chest. For 4 minutes she lay on her sofa, in a love inflicted daze. Was this a dream? She slapped herself and picked up her phone.

Madisonwantshugs23: "You okay? You went quiet for a bit."

Annabladder456: "I'm fine, just went for a drink *winking emoji."

Madisonwantshugs23: "Cool, can I get your opinion on something?"

Annabladder456: "Sure"

Madisonwantshugs23: "I want to try a friendly competition with my close friends, including Annie, where we hold our pee."

Annie was not a religious person, but a god must be smiling on her at the moment.

Annabladder456: "I say go for it, but be gentle about it and don't push it hard."

Madisonwantshugs23: "I will thank so much, gtg now cya later."

Annie went to bed having cum 3 times and peed in her pants twice. She woke up having soaked her bed. All these events had happened three weeks ago, the next day Annie was at college, Madison asked her about the contest. A large scarf and her long brown hair hid her deep blush as she accepted Madison's challenge. Susan and Morgan were apparently less enthusiastic, but they agreed to do it nevertheless.

END FLASHBACK

As Madison turned back towards the front, the bell rang. Today was the final day of college until January, three weeks of nothing to do.

The four girls left the college and began the walk back to Madison's apartment. Madison had two toilets in case of emergency, so it was decided to hold the contest there. Susan and Morgan lagged behind a bit and chatted to one another, Annie quickened her pace and came alongside Madison. The 6-foot athletic Blonde turned her head slightly to hide her increasingly crimson cheeks. Annie's 5,6 form shook as she chuckled silently. "Nice view of your ponytail Madison, excited for tonight?" Madison licked her dry lips "Yeah, I'm excited, heh, more then you could know." Annie hid a knowing smile by adjusting her long free-flowing light brown hair. "I bet you are Maddie. I bet you are."

TOO BE CONTINUED.

This is the 100000000% better story made from the remains of "the omo vulture". I really enjoyed doing something not Azur Lane, but that will still be something i do.

Thanks to Lynn and M1racle on the discord for helping me with names for the girls.

*003*2020-01-04 00:00

Madison held the door to her apartment building open for her friends, her phone clasped in her hands. As they passed; she began to compose a message to her buddy on omorashi.org. Little did she know that user Annabladder456 had just thanked her for keeping the door ajar. Annie felt her iPod vibrate as she received a notification and retrieved it from her coat pocket.

Madisonwantshugs23: "Hey, we are about to start the holding contest."

Annie quickly made sure Madison was not near her, she had run ahead to call the lift, before making a reply.

Annabladder456: "That's amazing hope you have a good time."

Madisonwantshugs23: "Thanks, I'll keep you updated on what's happening."

Annie smiled, "Oh, how innocent and oblivious you are Maddie."

Annabladder456: "I look forward to hearing the results."

The four amigos arrived at Madison's apartment shortly after. It was a pretty big place with a separate kitchen, bathroom, and bedroom, that was on the third floor. The bedroom also had an en-suite toilet that would be useful in case of a pee related emergency. Morgan, the nerd of the group, sighed and shook her head "How did I let you talk me into this Madi. I'm risking peeing my jeans for a silly contest, what the fuck am I doing." Madison patted the short girl hard, causing her glasses to droop slightly "Morgan, we all know you love our contests no matter how absurd and wacky they are. It was your idea to go dipping in the sea on Christmas eve last year. You know how that ended."

Annie felt something alight in her heart as she remembered that evening. Morgan had underestimated the temperature of the water and dove headfirst into the north sea, big mistake. She was still shivering next to the small campfire Susan had lit half an hour later. In an attempt to warm herself up; Morgan had emptied her bladder into her one-piece swimsuit. While the others now laughed about it, Annie remembered it as the second sexiest event of the night. The better part was catching an eyeful of Madison's B cups as she took off her bikini.

Morgan groaned as she remembered that night, the strange noise bringing Annie out of her daydream. "You win Madi I'll stay." Madison beckoned her friends in before showing them around. There was almost no carpet in the entire apartment. Apart from a small area around the bed and a rug in the living area, it was almost entirely wood and tiles. It was an omorashi fan's dream home. In the living room, a sofa flanked by two armchairs formed a crescent shape around a grey rug on the hardwood floor. In the gap between the armchairs were small coffee tables with drinks and snacks ready and waiting. A flat-screen TV faced the chairs, Netflix already on. Madison plopped herself down on the sofa, Annie followed and quickly sat next to her; leaving the armchairs for Susan and Morgan. Madison rose back to her feet and began to speak.

"So today we are going to have a contest which even I admit is a bit unusual. But hey we have done weird bullshit before, so that is nothing new. All of us here are going to drink 1.5 litres of liquid, and not go to the bathroom for a length of time lasting 2 hours. If someone cannot hold their pee any longer; they can wet themselves or go to the toilet. Is everybody okay with this?"

Annie and Morgan nodded, Susan did not. She was a quiet girl and had not gone along with many of the more outlandish contests. She cracked her knuckles, a nervous reaction she did a lot, and cleared her throat. "Sorry, guys I'm just nervous about this" she squeaked in her thick Scottish accent. "I'm not really up for the idea of pissing myself in front of ya all, especially not when my fiancee is here." Susan and Morgan had been dating since high school and were often voted the cutest couple at the end of year awards. On Christmas Day, the day after the sea dipping escapade, Mogan proposed to her long-time girlfriend in front of an astonished Madison and Annie.

Morgan glided over to her lover and embraced her warmly. What sweet whispers were exchanged between the two was not heard by Madison or Annie, nor did they ask. What was certain was that Susan was staying and holding like her friends.

Madison grabbed a piece of paper and began to scribble down what each girl was wearing. "Just gonna keep a note on clothes in case i need to go and buy some specific washing powder." The statement was met with blushes and sighs from the others.

CLOTHES NOTE #1 * note: this is madison's list*

Madison: Black tank top with star wars logo.

Blue jeans shorts.

No socks.

Annie: Red plain hoodie

Large multicolour scarf (removed during the contest).

Something under the hoodie idk what.

Black knee-length skirt.

Black thigh highs.

Morgan: Yellow T-shirt with coca-cola on it.

Grey sweat pants.

White socks.

Susan: Plain green oversized T-shirt.

Blue Jeans.

No Socks.

Madison finished composing her account of everyone's clothing and put it somewhere where it would be dry should any golden floods happen. She tried to stop herself from looking too excited and started to pour everyone a 500ml glass of Dr Pepper. Annie could feel the joy radiate from Madison as she filled the final glass. Everyone grabbed a glass as Madison sat back down next to Annie. Each other's eyes met in a moment of awkward tension that seemed to last forever. Annie desperately wanted to throw her arms around Madison and kiss her passionately, to declare their love for each other and for omorashi. But it was not the right moment. "Shall we start you mordred look alike?" Annie blurted out. Madison could not help but snigger at the remark "Sure, let the holding contest begin." The girls quickly drank the Dr Pepper, and the clock began to tick.

TOO BE CONTINUED

I cannot believe the positive response to this story thanks so much.

*005*2020-01-06 20:56

Madison placed the TV remote down as Blue Planet 2 began to play. Annie had brought her box set of the show, reasoning that something about the ocean would be a good watch while holding in a sea of urine. That state of desperation was still a while away for Madison and Annie. For Morgan and Susan, however, it was fast approaching. The two lovers were both not blessed with the monstrous bladder capacity of Annie and Madison. It was both an embarrassing and funny experience whenever one or both of the lesbian lovebirds had to dip into a dark corner to relieve their full bladders after a late-night date.

TIMESKIP

30 minutes had flown by since the start of the contest and Madison was at a loss at what to do. Morgan had begun to feel something in her bladder and subtly clenched her thighs together, making the feeling disappear for the moment. Susan had her ankles crossed over each and bounced slightly in her seat occasionally while trying to keep her mind of rushing sounds of water coming from the TV. Madison, like Annie, had educated herself on the telltale signs of desperation, having also done some of them herself during some experimenting she did in the weeks following her accident. She could feel something build in her loins, but it was not a need to piss. To her annoyance; Annie remained completely unphased. She stared intently at the TV, drinking in the wonders of Earth's oceans with no sign of discomfort. Her black-thigh-highs, which Madison so badly wanted to see soaked in urine, were spread wide, feet firmly placed against the oak wood floor.

Annie suddenly pipped up "I believe it is time for the next 500 millilitres ladies." Madison nodded in approval and sprinted off to the kitchen. "How do you expect me to stay dry with another 500ml inside of me? " groaned Morgan "I'm not a walking water tank if you haven't noticed." Madison returned with four 500ml spring water bottles and threw one to Morgan "Then this will help you train to become one Morgan, drink up." She grumbled at the blonde as she cracked the bottle open and cold water flowed into her mouth.

Susan tentatively accepted the bottle and slowly sipped at it, the ice-cold liquid making her shiver softly. Morgan was swiftly at her fiancee's side and brought her into a warm embrace. Morgan suddenly tickled Susan gently; causing the Scottish girl to laugh and struggle. "Darling stop it, you'll make me pee myself all over you." Morgan nuzzled her lover "I think Madison would like that if I'm honest" she whispered teasingly. "In your dreams" replied Madison, secretly worrying if she had been found out "that chair is a bitch to clean." Madison handed the final spare bottle to Annie before taking her seat. She flicked the cap off and prepared to drink.

"Down the hatch" she announced, raising the bottle to her lips before she could start however something caught her attention. Annie was chugging her water at a speed that Madison did not think was possible. Even when she was sweating the 8th ocean after training, she did not empty her bottle that fast. Water drained into Annie like it was being pulled by a black hole and within seconds the bottle was nothing but an empty piece of plastic. Annie threw the bottle over her shoulder and heard it bounce off the floor. Madison stared wide-eyed at her crush "what the fuck was that display?" Annie shrugged in reply "I was just thirsty." Susan and Morgan, still wrapped up in their loving embrace, were in a state of total disbelief. If Annie could drink like that and do it so calmly, what chance did they have with their seemingly diminutive bladder capacities? Both of them knew they would not make it too the two-hour goal but resolved to hold it as long as they could.

TIMESKIP

1 hour 38 minutes had passed now passed since the beginning of the contest, and Morgan was at her bursting point. At 1 hour in Madison had given everyone the final 500ml in the form of some fresh apple juice. The colour almost perfectly matched that of the pool of pee inside her. She crushed her legs together tightly and shoved both hands into her pants, holding herself from outside was no longer enough. The embarrassment was only bearable because she knew it was the only way for her not to explode into her grey sweatpants. The effort of holding made her tremble. Her mind had blocked out everything going on around her.

The TV sounded like it was a thousand miles away. She clamped her eyes shut as warm liquid filled her urethra and spilt out into her panties. Tears welled in her eyes as she realised it was too late to make a mad dash to the toilet. She was doomed to wet herself in front of her future wife. Then she woke up. "Wakey wakey sleepy head, was the documentary really that boring?" She shook her head, trying to gain her bearings. Madison's voice rung out again "Earth to Morgan, you in there?"

Morgan rubbed her eyes with her knuckles "Yeah, I'm here Madisoooonohfuckme." The last three words slammed together into gibberish as Morgan doubled over. The urgent need to pee she had in her dream was very much real.

TOO BE CONTINUED

*009*2020-01-07 14:24

{{8 hours ago, Stanley79 said:

Wow! Another great Omorashi.org writer! Hadn't heard of Blue Plant II. Grabbed a look from Internet Archive (archive.org). Also, a great choice! However, I don't skin dive. And, I don't plan on grabbing some brine scrimp and a cytoscope to film them swimming in my bladder.

}}

Blue planet II is a nature documentary with David Attenborough. I’ve never heard of what you have described.

*012*2020-01-09 00:56

Morgan tried with every fibre of her being to hold in her pee for just a few more seconds. The fact she had gone commando, in anticipation of either a leak or some sexy time with Susan, caused the steady drops of urine to stain her light grey sweatpants. Madison felt her heart do a flip as she realised the seriousness of her friend's plight. Her whole body shaking slightly from excitement as she tried to process the scene unfolding before her. Susan was scrambling to her lover's side; a fist planted firmly in her crotch as she did so as her bladder was on the verge of exploding as well. Annie was mortified. She had envisioned this contest as one between her and Madison. Sure Morgan and Susan had come as well, but she was convinced that they would run off to the bathroom long before it got to this stage. Now she saw how wrong that assumption was as Morgan threw herself off her armchair and onto her knees. She scrunched up her face, hands glued to her crotch and thigh clamped tight.

Morgan felt hot tears fill her eyes as a strong spurt of pee escaped her hold, soaking straight through her sweatpants and covering her hands. She cursed herself for coming to this silly contest and for hauling Susan along for the ride. She erupted into sobbing as she wondered what Susan, the one she cherished more than any other person in the universe, must be thinking about her wetting herself like a baby. A new warmth suddenly enveloped her. Not in her pants as she thought it would be, but around her chest. Even the endless stream of tears could not conceal the loving smile of Susan. The small Glaswegian held Morgan close in a tight cuddle. "Morgan" she whispered tenderly "I love you no matter what happens."

A loud hiss filled the room as Susan began to piss herself. Her hands that were now wrapped around Morgan were the only things keeping her from losing control.

The small Scottish girl's jeans were quickly saturated, and fountains of pee erupted out of the seat of her pants. Because she was sitting on her knees, just like Morgan, the waterfalls of clear urine splattered onto her bare feet and lower jeans. She moaned softly in relief as her slightly bulging bladder shrank. Morgan was so shocked at her girlfriend's reaction that she did not notice her dam burst. Her light grey pants suddenly became about 20 shades darker as her bladder pumped out its contents. She raised a wet hand to Susan's shoulder and pulled her in for a kiss. Their lips connected and stayed that way until their bladders were empty, blocking out everything that was happening save for the ever-growing warmth.

Annie and Madison watched in bewilderment as the two girls turned what would otherwise be a humiliating experience into a display of love and affection. Madison was rudely snapped out of her trance-like state when she realised the puddle would soon reach the rug that was in the middle of all the chairs. She patted Annie on the shoulder "let's not sit here like lemmings, grab the towels over the back of the chair." Annie grumbled silently as she reached over her head and grasped a large yellow towel. She had been in the middle of a lovely daydream where she replaced Susan and Morgan with her and Madison. The thought of her and Madison peeing together like that caused her vagina to become wet in a different way. Morgan and Susan barely noticed Madison and Annie throwing towels down as their streams ended. They broke their kiss and looked into each other's eyes.

"I love you so much, Morgan."

"And I love you more than you could ever know Susan."

With a final peck on the lips, both girls stood up in the warm puddle of their making. Morgan had stopped crying by this point and regained her composure as best she could. "Fuck me we peed a lot" swore Morgan. She stepped out of the puddle and felt for the first time how drenched her socks were. "Eww that feels gross" she looked down at her sweatpants and saw that hardly a spot was not turned dark grey. "There is no way I can walk home in these things or get on a bus. I specifically did not want this to happen so I brought no damn change of clothes." Madison came over to her and looked over the damage. "I can throw these in the washer if ya want Morgan, but I don't have clothes in your size."

Morgan sighed and began to pull her pants down. "Normally I would only let Susan see my vag, but I guess i don't have a choice," she said jokingly. Annie had a light bulb moment and got up from where she was mopping up pee with a towel. She had clothes that were Morgan's size in her apartment down the hallway. She offered these clothes to Morgan; who graciously accepted Morgan's offer. Despite being an offer made out of kindness; there was a catch. Morgan and Susan would stay the rest of the night in Annie's home. This left Madison alone with Annie, precisely the way Annie wanted it. Thankfully for Susan; she had brought a change of clothes with her just in case. As she disappeared into the bathroom to change, she silently hoped no one had seen her wiggling her toes in the puddle and squeezing her wet thighs together. For some reason, it felt good.

As the front door closed behind the two lovers, Madison and Annie stared at each other. The full two hours had passed. 1.5 litres had been drunk. Yet, neither girl was ready to give up. The holding contest was about to escalate.

TOO BE CONTINUED

A "Glaswegian" is someone from the city of Glasgow in Scotland.

*016*2020-01-10 00:42

When Annie was younger, she wet herself. She wet herself like thousands of others, in her uniform after holding too long. It was maybe a bit strange for someone of her age, but it was still a regular occurrence. What was not typical is how she felt. She felt humiliation and relief, horror and sadness, as was to be expected. But she also felt good, horny, and satisfied. She had been able to hold her pee for 10 hours after drinking 500ml, quite the achievement in its own right, and had not once thought about using the bathrooms. Even as she cringed, every time the taps came on in the cooking class. Even as she danced around frantically behind the sports hall. And not even when she lent against the underpass wall and felt her floodgates open, not once. For some reason; it felt improper to her to waste such a huge pee in a toilet for the millionth time.

As she returned home, her now see-through panties stuffed in her bag, she did not visit the loo. For the rest of the night; a bottle was her only source of relief. That night she learned many things about herself as she peed into that bottle. She learned that she enjoyed peeing. She learned that she loved doing it both in and out of clothes. But most important of all, she learned she was a lesbian. Stories of women pissing themselves in all sorts of situations did more to stimulate her; then any porno had ever had. Annie made a promise to herself that night, One day she would find a girl who also liked "Omorashi, as she learned it was called, and they would fall in love.

It sounded like a fairy tale, one dreamt up by a horny teen who barely knew anything about her newfound fetish. For years she resigned herself to that fact, it was simply a dream. Then one day, a blonde-haired girl sat next to her and asked for a pen. She introduced herself as Madison, she had just emigrated to the UK from America and was new to the school. Annie knew from the second she looked at Madison; she was in love. Little did she know Madison felt the same way. Nerves prevented either of them from making a move. so for years, they were just friends.

Tonight she was sure that would change.

"Annie you in there?" Madison's voice snapped Annie out of her daydream. She was carrying two 300ml water bottles in her hands "I got the stuff, wanna do the rest of this on my bed?" Annie nodded and followed Madison in a love-filled daze. "Annie, are you okay?" Annie nodded again "Just a bit excited, that's all." Madison gave her a puzzled look "Excited about what?" Annie thought carefully about her reply "Just to see who wins the battle of the big bladders." Madison slowly nodded, apparently accepting her explanation. The two girls propped pillows against the headrest and lay against it. The 300ml bottles would bring their total intake up to 1.8 litres, the same amount Madison had when she wet after the football game. Information Madison had unknowingly provided Annie when she wrote her account of the accident on omo.org.

They opened their bottles and prepared to drink. "May the best holder win" announced Madison. "Which is me" whispered Annie. "You fucking wish, I will beat you no matter what" replied Madison. Her burning passion for victory was present in all things. Keep telling yourself that as your about to pop Annie thought to herself. The water quickly disappeared on its journey to their bladders, and the real contest began.

TOO BE CONTINUED

Sorry for the shorter chapter

*018*2020-01-10 02:00

Should I write Madison’s account of her wetting in character? I’ve never done first person stuff so might be shit, and it would probably be done after this story is finished.

*023*2020-01-15 00:46

{{11 minutes ago, FlowingBrook said:

Great work! Tho it is a bit confusing that their usernames are just, you know, their names

}}

Sorry about that. I might change there user names further down the line.

