Koz-Mo's Alliance Challenge Redux

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2018-04-18 14:17

'How.....How did it come to this....'

Hours past.....Tragedies averted, perversions diverted, and agonies distorted.....

All leading up to this one...final....intense moment....

It all started a day much like any other. The sun peeked out over the horizon, slowly raising to see our story's heroine listlessly....Fruitlessly tossing and turning in bed....

"Nnnnn....I wanna go back to sleep...." she grumbled for what was likely the fifth time that morning, but she couldn't shake this sense of....unease? Discomfort? Dread? No..it wasn't any of that....

No...Kozuko Motou [Koz-Mo for short], was.....

...

In a rut.

'I get up... I work....I go home for some internet time....and I go to bed..' she thought to herself, before eventually prying the colors off of her. 'Feels like I'm just like a train, stuck on the rails until the day i shut down....'

She didn't hate the system for it's part in things... No....It was just a....sense of looming despair that was washing over her.......A sense of dread, eating away at her sanity...

She could always try out attending that school that she received an invitation to weeks ago to break up the monotony.......Maybe..

...

Or she could see if there were any new uploads to that site she frequented in her quiet time....

....

Or...

....

"Buh...I just need to do something exciting..!" she quipped to herself as she fought her way out of bed..... A small frame, accented with long, dark brown hair that went halfway down her back....Wildly untamed at this time of the day. with Red pajamas hugging her lithe form snugly, as something started to shimmer behind her....

A mysterious essence, vaguely humaoid, with a mixture of purple and blue skin...Hands running over her hair, and straightening up her outfit.....

"Nnn..Thanks Lotto." she muttered as she continued mulling over her decisions... The mysterious entity floating alongside her as she trudged through her apartment....

Lotto was...as she boldly stated in her movie, was a 'Sit'...A power that always sat behind her...Always watching over her, and always supporting her. It drew upon her own natural essence and emotions.... Always did what it could to support and care for her....

So, when it was coming out on it's own, she knew she was in a slump. She was grateful for it's help, but she still found herself pacing around awkwardly as the morning grew onward.....

"There has to be something..." she thought to herself out loud as she made her way to the bathroom for her morning visit, her own personal timer starting to give her a few nudges where to go......

"...Oh..!!"

When an idea hit her. When was the last time she'd felt frantic excitement? Such wild intensity? Such a strain to accomplish a goal in mind, blasting away the daily routine?

"The Alliance Challenge, of course!"

She completely discarded the notion of a bathroom to rocket to her computer and quickly navigated the pages of the web and forums....Coming upon her salvation...her relief..Her break from the monotony.

Many, many months ago, our heroine had taken on an Ordeal of massive proportions

, pushing her to her very limits, and even further over! She had fought, tooth and nail, for all of the marbles. Her pride, her dignity, and her well being! She had ultimately emerged victorious, at a hefty cost.....But, that wasn't something she could fret about now... No..This was a time for action, not mulling about.

"If this doesn't get me out of my funk, nothing will!" she called out triumphantly, reaching for, and thumbing out her phone. "Gotta call work, tell em I won't be showing up for today..! I've got to be ready..!"

She studied the past recollection, and thumbed through her emails to try to scrap together as many details as she could.....Picking up with various materials, necessary items, and various additional things.... Thinking excitedly about what she was preparing to do...And feeling the surge of excitement coming back to her.....

"First up, the outfit..!" she called, dashing to her wardrobe and thumbing through for garments in question....

A lovely plaid miniskirt that came just above the knees, complimented by black knee socks that would compliment said skirt nicely..... A familiar jean jacket, with a black designer shirt underneath it...A black beanie to put over her dark hair...Which Lotto would help her tie into a pair of twintails. The only discrepancy from her attire came from the undergarments, purely by way of chance.

She couldn't wear the same pair as prior, for a mixture of obvious reasons....Settling instead on some reddish cotton panties, and a similarly red bra. Pink was just light red after all, right?

"Alright..! Time for Kozuko Motou to transform! Henshin a Go-go, baby!"

She discarded her red pajamas, showing off copious amounts of nearly snow-white skin, Lotto assisting her in her transformation from everyday working girl Kozuko...into the internet Omo-Ninja and cinema sensation, Koz-Mo!

"Alright...! Now to get ready for today..!" she told herself, grabbing two extra pairs of panties, a few plastic bags, a mug, and a handful of change to deposit in her bag... Slipping into some fuzzy black boots as she prepared to tackle today!

...

...

........

About an hour or so later, she made her way to the Mall of her destiny, with a bit of nervous apprehension...and a bit of welling excitement. She had been here many moons ago, to have her climactic accident for the world to know.....But they would never see something like this to come... An encore.....

"Or at least as much as I can muster..." she stated to herself as she paced in...Preparing herself mentally for this challenge. However, as she stepped in... The essence behind her quivered....And she turned.

"Ah? Lotto?" she called...As the being shimmered...twisted...and distorted... Before slowly fading back into her... The girl's eyes widening.

Lotto's powers were always...sporadic, and inexplicable, yet always within the context of her own goals. It would gain the power to combat a trial she was overcoming, then fade away at the end of her trial, with little retained. She didn't know what to make of it, as she knew no others with the power of Sits, but she knew she could count on it for..whatever she needed.

Koz-Mo proceeded to the food court for a proper breakfast with copious amounts of beverages, as per her own story......Glancing around for her friends. It would be unlikely that she would meet up with any of them on this random, off day she'd brought onto herself.... As she glanced over to one of the long hallways that lead to a restroom....

"Come on, Don't be like that...You know you want it..." an unpleasant looking [and likely smelling] man called out to a woman with violet hair, who went to push past him.

"For the last time, I'm not intereted.." she stated in a firm, low voice.....Flinching only when the man took hold of her arm.

"I wasn't asking, sweet-cheeks." the vulgar man snapped..... Moving to grab much more than an arm... As Koz-Mo sprang into action.....

"KOZMO...KICK!" she announced to the man, and the world as she made a profound LEAP of faith, Lotto's powers accenting her legs so she could perform superhuman like feats...As the heel of her boot met with the man's face with a resounding KA-RACK.... The man stumbling back...

"Why you...!" he snarled in response, but Koz-Mo was quicker... Landing gracefully as her skirt fluttered down with a relentless assault of punches.

"ORARARARARARARARARARARA!" she sounded off, each punch colliding with the man's body in tandem to completely overwhelm him, knocking him to the ground in a heap of pain. Koz-Mo watched as a few security guards at the mall hauled the man off... the mysterious violet haired girl turning to her.

"Thank you for the assistance, miss." she mused with a pleasant smile, as Koz-Mo turned.

"Just delivering justice upon evil! No thanks are needed." she replied with a confident grin, one hand on her side, while the other posed on her chest. It was a bit silly to pose after a victory, but dammit it was tradition.

"Well, then....Between Just-us.." the woman answered with a sly...Amused expression. "You should take some of these. I have a feeling they'll be useful on your journey..."

The woman handed Koz-Mo a strange, sealed bag of some kind of what looked like blue gummy candies, the packaging on the top cluing her in to their identity.

'Aqua Droplets: Sweeter than the Relief of a full tank!

"Um...Thank you..?" Koz-Mo called as she looked up... but, to her surprise... The mysterious woman was gone!

Confused, yet with her interest piqued, coupled with the adrenaline rush of a pervert beat-down, Koz-Mo returned to her spot at the foot court, and glanced over the package of droplets, the nutritional value having an...interesting discrepancy on the bottom of it.

'Warning: Do not ingest more than 3 droplets in an hour if you value your dignity, garments, and tinkle-tank's well being.'

The text made Koz-Mo flush with embarrassment, given the woman's certainty that these would help her. Was she a witness to her prior escapade? Did she recognize her? Or was it all some kind of weird coincidence? And most importantly....

"Is this thing....Legit?" she couldn't help but ponder, the packaging seeming normal as she glanced over her shoulder. "Lotto! Thoughts?"

The essence that covered her seemed to peek out at the bag of candies, a hand running over the bag.. Before curling into a thumbs up. If nothing else, she could be assured it was no toxin, drug, or otherwise harmful substance, as she tore open the bag.

"Only one way to find out for sure.." she called to herself as she gingerly took one of the candies, and placed it in her mouth... Lightly sucking on it, and swirling it around in her mouth...

Surprisingly, it tasted incredibly well! A strange mixture of sugary-glaze, with an oddly refreshing aftertaste that filled her mouth like her favorite soda. She barely realized she had swallowed the candy as it went down easily..... Prompting her to glance down at the bag.

"Huh...interesting..." she called, lightly shifting her hips to gauge her own meter. She wasn't anywhere close to starting the challenges like before....and after about a minute of waiting, she let out a slight sigh.

"Well, it was worth a try." she remarked with a wistful tone, grabbing a handful of the candies, and popping them in her mouth...Enjoying the pleasant, refreshing and sweet taste, washed down by whatever was inside of them..As she stood up to get some lunch..

Pang....Pang.....PANG!

And flinching as she felt a sudden jolt in her lower belly. A sudden, pronounced need making itself known. She lightly pressed her knees together, blinking a bit as she recognized her urge...

"Oh...Maybe..I just read it wrong..." she thought to herself as she started over to one of the many food stands, pleasantly surprised by the effects....And intending to push herself a bit further...

....

....

Only to find herself go from a brisk pace, to a staggered walk...to a slow hobble....To kneeling over in abject agony....To completely bent over, both hands buried in her skirt...

"Haaahn...Haaaah...HAAAAH...!" she groaned out faster and faster, each moment feeling like she was a balloon being filled with a garden hose. Seconds felt like gallons being added, and she could barely move without feeling warmth coating her hands...

"Nnn..!! NNNN....I..I can't...It's...It's..." she whimpered quietly to herself, losing herself in the pressure...The ocean...The waves...The sheer, oncoming flood......

"Aaaaahhhhhh..!!!!"

As a fierce jet of crystal-clear liquid shot out of her, offering no mercy to her panties, her skirt, her socks, her fingers, or the very ground she slumped on. Her knees knocked, her legs shook, and her hips wobbled as spray after spray made a mockery of the human capacity to retain liquid. Her red panties were soaked from gusset to halfway up her posterior, trickling trails troubling her creamy legs, and saturating the black socks she had worn to accentuate the plaid, which was quickly starting to mat to her hips, and hands... Both of which were now bathed in warm wetness of Koz-Mo's personal Lemonade.... Her faucet relentlessly gushing out for several agonizingly blissful minutes....

"Ahhhnn..Ahhhhh.....!"

The girl herself made several groaning, moan-filled pantings as every ounce of liquid she had been retaining...Or, what very well felt like every bit of liquid she had ever drank in her entire life was pouring out of her.... Her deluge of waters making a puddle that looked like it could fill a fountain.......And she still didn't feel even remotely close to empty! People were gathering...Marveling....Exclaiming.....Ridiculing...panicking.... She was making a scene... The biggest scene she could imagine in recent memory...

"Haaaahhnnnn....Haaaa....Haaaaa...!!!"

And yet, the girl's mind was completely scrubbed of any other thoughts than relief as she could do nothing but helplessly provide the mall with a bountiful supply of her waters, shuddering and shivering as she continued to pee on, and on and on.... losing herself in the mass of relief, and feeling her mind starting to go completely blank with relief......

Before she suddenly found herself back in her seat, with the handful of blue candies in her hand... And the essence of Lotto slowly flickering out of her body.

"...Ah?"

She checked at the bag, her garments, and most importantly, the area around her for signs of what she had just experienced, finding none. No people gawking, no massive Lake Koz-Mo spreading it's borders throughout the lands.. No onlookers mocking or marveling at her mistake. No growing stains on her skirt, no liquids cascading down her thighs, no dampness in her garments... It was as things were mere minutes ago...Completely free of the tinkle-turmoil that has entrapped her lands....

"Did...Lotto just send me...Back?!" she thought out loud, going to confer with herself to piece it together, with the being's help. She had indeed warped back to a 'Checkpoint' in her current plotline....just before the fatal mistake for her bladder's control..... Something that Lotto defined to her as a potential Wet End.

She quickly deposited the sweets back in their packaging, and quickly tucked it away into her bag....Waiting for the telltale moment from her previous experience after she'd stood up....

Pang....

And, as if on cue, she felt the pressure in her own tank slowly coming to surface.... The first droplet affecting her. and making her press her legs together.

Thousands of thoughts raced in her mind at this, about the mysterious woman..about Lotto's time-travel's trick...About the sheer-implosion of her bladder, mass of relief, and outright devastation of all liquids she ever held dear......But, none of them were important right now... No.....

Now, was the time for something much more than that......With her bladder now at a suitably comfortable level of need, and with no risk of the forcible expulsion of her liquids...

She could properly begin...The Alliance Challenge, Redux!

\

###\

| To Be Continued...... |

### /

/

======

AuthorFaust: Faust hopes you all have enjoyed part 1 of Koz-Mo's Alliance challenge, Redux! A Re-telling of Kozmofox's wondrous Kozmo Lotto Challenge

This story is obviously inspired, heavily influenced, and otherwise instituted by Kozmo's lovely telling of her own experience, to which Faust has decided to do as a story in his own style, [With the blessing of KozmoFox, of course], but with a few extra...little twists. Feel free to go back and Read Kozmo's challenge to see what kind of things to expect, but be warned....

Not everything will go as it did for her, so stay tuned to find out what happens next in this Faust-inian remix of one of [If not THE in Faust's opinion] best experiences Omo.org has to offer! Expect drama, romance^, and Action galore!

*Addendum: Romance is highly unlikely in this story. Instead, you should expect copious amounts of illicit, watery-y Wet-ends to sate the curious minds, and the majesty of the ever prominent answers to the question 'What If?'

@KozmoFox

Here is the first bout in writing! Faust hopes you believe it is a fitting story to work with your own experience!

*005*2018-04-20 14:45

[Alliance Challenge: Redux... Episode 2, Pose No Threat]

Content with her current state of affairs, from her bladder's gradual growth, to her Sit's temporary power, Kozuko could think of only one thing from here.....

Replicating her previous magnum opus, and proving she held dominance over the Alliance challenge!

"Hrm..I should find those e-mails again.." she stated to herself as she thumbed through her phone, passing over email after email.......Until, she came across the first of several starred messages.

"Mmmn...There you are.." she called, pressing at her screen to pop the message open, as she read over it. A simple one, the first of ten.... Or, was it eleven? She had trouble remembering in the heat of the moment...

"Go to a crowded section of the store, and stand for five minutes..." she read out loud, pacing already through the mall. "Hands must be occupied at all times...Move your legs as little as possible.... A fountain would be acceptable as well..."

Well, it was an easy challenge... Enough to gauge her need, and see if she was properly prepared for the trials ahead......

Kozuko made her way through the mall with a steady pace, navigating the usual groups of people and crowds easily as she looked for the most crowded section of the mall: A sort of four-way path that was smack-dab in the center of the mall, and as such, connected all of the buildings together. Traffic was usually pronounced as people traversed from one path to another, and she found today to be no different....

"So many people..." she stated to herself, feeling her legs tense up a bit as her somewhat latent piddle need reared it's head once again. She gave a slow, tight nod to herself as she approached...suddenly hearing a hauntingly familiar noise..

SSsssshhhkksshhhhhsshhhhhhh

A water fountain? Since when was that installed? ....Was it always there, and she just forgot about it?

Regardless, it felt like fate that she would need a fountain, and it would present itself like this. Certainly, a good place to start her challenge.....

...

Even if the gushing, splashing waters were practically pleading with her to cross her legs....To put a hand down there...To apply even the lightest bit of pressure...

'But no! Our Heroine won't be giving up that easily, fountain of feminine frustration!' she lightly thought to herself, keeping her legs parted, and her hands busy with her phone and tablet. Five minutes, the challenge said... Five minutes, and she could move on, if she was prepared. She could proceed with her challenges, to overcome them, yes....

...

So, why was it that five minutes felt so long? Koz-Mo's mind struggled to keep her thoughts away from the watery imagery that plagued her mind... Lack of an active audience meaning she couldn't commune with them to distance herself from the gushing displaced waters of the fountain... Couldn't keep her from straining to keep her legs straight,and her hips from swaying back and forth... From what little squirming she couldn't squash from her system.....Thoughts raced back from mere minutes prior, to the accidental wet end she had triggered, positively exploding and gushing in a manner similar to the fountain she stood next to, and of the illicit, mysterious candies that provoked those urges, and stimulated her own..... All of these thoughts raced through her mind as she tried to not picture making another fountain of her own designs.......

As a single minute passed.

....

Truly, this was a special kind of agony, and the girl was well suited to start her challenges already....Now fighting to not sway back and forth a little faster as she started to idly look up unimportant details and information... Trope-ing along to try to pass the time before she could part ways with these splashing, pounding waves.....Before something different from last time happened.

"Umm...Excuse me, Miss.."

Someone approached her! Kozuko visibly flinched and tensed up her thighs as she lowered her phone from a trope, glancing over.

"Ah? Yes..?" Kozuko responded, looking at the person who approached. It was a girl...... She looked to be about a teenager, with short, straight brown hair that was accompanied by a black hairband, decorated with clovers. Underneath her bangs, Kozuko could make out brown eyes that wore a meek expression, her eyes quickly parting from Kozuko's when they met.

"I...was just..um....wondering.." the girl called, averting her gaze fully at this point, and reaching into her bag. "If...you've ever heard of...Koz-Mo's Weird Journey?"

...

Something clicked in Kozuko's mind at this, and her expression shifted to a pleased smile. Had she heard of it? No, even better than that....

"Sono Chi No Sodame!" Kozuko mused, lightly twirling her hands in motion, gesturing towards the new girl as she threw her hand over her face.

"Koooooooooooooooooooooz!"

"MO!" the girl excitedly finished, posing with her opposite hand. "Wondrous! Wonderful! That's great!"

"Heheheh. Koz-Mo at your service, madam." Kozuko answered with a playful bow, as the girl's eyes went wide.

"Wow...I....I...I mean.." she responded, as the object she was reaching for was revealed to Kozuko's eyes.....

Koz-Mo's Weird Journey: Volume one

"I...I thought you looked like her..." she continued, lightly shaking as she stood. "I..I didn't think I'd get to meet THE Koz-Mo! C..Could I..."

"Of course you can have an autograph." Kozuko replied sweetly, as the girl provided her with the book, and quickly pat herself down to pull out a pen for her to write with. "To whom would you like me to write this to?"

"Hinami! Hinami Fueguchi! It's spelled like.."

Kozuko felt positively elated at the recent unfolding of events, penning down the girl's name, and a lovely little message. She was in the movies, yes... And, she knew the person that was creating the manga... At least vaguely, but to be recognized in public.....

She felt like the day was already taking a turn for the positive as she passed the book back to the girl, and grinned.

"Thank you! Thank you so very much!" Hinami prominently sounded, bowing her head repeatedly. "I..I never thought I'd get a chance to see you in person! I adore the movie...The manga.... How you never give up, in spite of dire circumstances, how you tackle challenges head on, and...and..."

Kozuko was more than willing to let the girl talk herself out, leaning slightly to rest a hand on the fountain, as the girl gushed about various moments in the story... About the power she awakened to, about the theoretical abilities of it... And, generally gushed as much as the water fountain did, with information to assure Kozuko her interest was genuine....

"And I'm excited for Stance is Unmistakable, and..and.." the girl continued, before flinching again. "Ah! I'm sorry, but I forgot I was meeting up with some friends!"

"Ah, that's okay." Kozuko assured, waving her hands. "I had somewhere to be too."

"Oh, sorry if I kept you!" Hinami apologized once more, starting to pace off. "Thanks again! It was nice meeting you!"

Kozuko watched the girl trail off at this, finally glancing back at her phone for a moment to see how much time had passed....

"Twenty minutes?!" she snapped in a shocked manner, her knees immediately crossing over another as her mind was no longer distracted with maintaining composure in front of a fan, or the restraints of the challenge's standards. She could feel her bladder having swollen inside of her during her brief pause, as if someone had been sneakily pooling waters into her personal reservoir instead of the fountain, but she could manage it...

For now, she had to thumb for the next E-Mail, her fingers running over one that wasn't her intended target, but still appropriate nevertheless.

"Go to a store with it's own faculty bathrooms, and ask to use it...." she read off softly to herself, as she started to pace towards a sort of in-mall convenience store. "Of course..Don't use it... And...Then, go buy a drink..."

She swiftly, yet stiffly strode into the store, bending at the knees every so many steps as she tried to keep her legs tightly together... Looking around for a worker..

"Nnn...Aren't they supposed to be at the register..?" she pondered to herself, not out of malice for the retail worker, but out of an understated plight for her own bladder. A few moments passed, and she considered leaving for another store, as a figure came out from the back end of the store.

"Ah, sorry to keep you waiting Miss. Can I help you?"

A different man than the one she saw last time. This one had medium-length, curled hair...And a slightly forced smile. She did not envy his position as a retail worker, but, for once, she did know exactly what she needed.

"I....Cou....Do you have a store bathroom?" she sounded, letting her knees meet, and sticking out her bottom a bit. "I...I really need to use it..."

"Ah, well we do..." the man started, glancing over his shoulder. "It's....well, it's..usually supposed to only be for workers.....And...Only in cases of..Absolute emergency.... They want to keep up the image that the store's all neatly pressed, professional, and all of that.... And, usually they say that we're supposed to tell people no, because we've had some people really mess up our bathrooms, and the guy who does cleaning hates having to clean up after them, and there's the mall bathrooms over there..Which, the girl's is usually always super-mega-Crowded, but..."

Kozuko had never been more certain in her distaste for elaboration than at this point, as she lightly bit her lip, and held in a soft groan...

"But, I'm gonna let you go, because you look ready to pop." the man finally finished, earning him a pair of pleading eyes, and a slight bow.

"Thank you...!" she stated, staggering into the bathroom, and shutting the door. She straightened herself up at this, and glanced over at a mirror and sink combination, moving to touch up her outfit and hair to pass the time.

She had to go, yes... But she didn't have to go nearly as bad as she had been pretending to. Perhaps she had been deliberately playing it up to try to incite a favorable outcome?

It wasn't until her eyes met the toilet did she feel her knees wobbling once more, and her personal tank starting to swell.....

"Nnnghh....!" she groaned much more audibly, a hand moving down to knead at her feminine opening....Her personal faucet, straining to not let a single drop out...

What little there was of the miniskirt was already heavily bunched up in her iron grip, as she bounced..shifted...and groaned more and more. The thought of a toilet was tough...but the presence was positively maddening as she knelt down slightly, staring at what could very well be her salvation.....If she would relent on her challenge.....

But, Koz-Mo was no quitter!

"Hey, are you okay in there?" the cashier's voice quickly snapped her out of her trance, as she turned her head.

"Ah..! Um....yeah. J..just a minute.." she answered back, moving to the sink to run the water to pretend she was just washing up her hands........Groaning tightly at the sounds of water returning... About to grasp the handle to the outside world, when..

"Oh shit..! Hey..um..can you stay in there a bit longer?My..uh, Boss just swung by, and she's looking cross. If she sees I let a customer into the employee only bathroom..."

Koz-Mo's heart sank at this, realizing a new plight. Had she properly relieved herself as she said, it would be no issue whatsoever...

But, given her self-imposed challenge.. More time with the toilet was just.....unfathomable! Unspeakable! Unacceptable!

"Y..Yeah..S..sure..." she answered quietly, her hands going back to gripping at her girlhood...And clenching for all of her might. She dared not to sit down, she dared not to try to lean against the sink... She dared not to make any noise at all....Intending to ride out the unexpected arrival of an authoritative figure.....

.....

'Nnn...How long has it been...' she thought to herself as she winced.....Her knuckles growing white with strain, while her legs crossed and uncrossed, her skirt practically wadded in her hands as she finally resorted to leaning against the sink...If only so she could properly hold herself, and cross her legs without risk of stumbling, or falling over. She wanted to reach for her phone, but every time she so much as thought about removing her hands from their precarious position, she swore she could feel a slight warmth threatening the sanctity of her panties....

It had been at least ten minutes.... Maybe even twenty.... Possibly thirty... Koz-Mo took several deep breaths, and whimpered softly under her breath as she glanced towards the door....Pondering the other side of it.

Was the Cashier's boss still around? Was he still around? Did he forget about her, and was leaving her to eternal damnation in this confined space of toiletry relief? She couldn't tell by looking... And, for the better part of the past agonizing half hour.... She dared not to ask.

She could feel her pulse racing, her heart pacing, and could feel her bladder displacing all that she had. It was a truly torturous, troublesome tinkle situation....One that had but a single endgoal in mind....

"Hey....are you still in there, or did you leave already?" the damnable voice called back to her, as she straightened herself up from the sink, with a gasp of relief.

"Ah..! What happened?!" Koz-Mo snapped sharply, followed by a short gasp. The sudden shift in her posture incited more than just a change of stance....

Psssh!

As she felt the throes of relief forcibly coercing her body into complying..Bit by bit.

"My boss came by to tell me to pick up some stock we had to get for the store. It's a big mall, so I had to travel with it a long ways. She didn't even stay behind to help me unload it!"

Koz-Mo wanted to snap back at this man, but she was in a more pressing, more-than-slightly straining situation, as the breaking of her seal was already starting to strain her otherwise stout control. Every few seconds of speech she was forced to hear, another spill...Another spray of warmth...and another shift of her legs as streams started to trickle down..... Struggling futilely to stopper her personal hose.

"Anyways...Coast is clear. You can come out now. in fact, I kind of gotta piss myself, so if you could..."

Koz-Mo's body went rigid at the mere mention of the word....A sudden spray of spent-desperation surging out with what sounded to her like a Loud

PSSSSSSSSHHHHHH

"Agh..!"

She doubled over at this, trying her damnedest to restrain her flow......Failing to compel her waters to slow their descent..

.Psssh..pssssh..Sppppshhh..PSSSSSSSSSSHHHH

"Awaaaaahhhnn,...."

As she realized, with abject horror, that she had overstepped her limits completely. The red material that was stalling her stream was swiftly saturated with a now coherent, crystal clear stream.......That dribbled and dropped down her thigh-highs, into the fuzz of her boots, and splashed along the floor sloppily as she softly wailed....Starting to futilely struggle to her denied salvation, the ignored toilet....As her needs refused to be in that moment....

A step turned into a squat...and a vicious spray turned into a complete voiding of her waters, Koz-Mo unable to even get herself up from the pissing posture she had fallen into....

The balled up skirt was completely soaked in the battle, her red panties dripped from crotch to thigh....And, if one were to enter, they would see it pool up on her bottom as well, making it no mistake what had occurred, from any angle.....As Lake KozMo's waters flowed free once again....

The girl dreaded the revelation that would occur from her delayed departure, from her shameful stains, and from her produced puddle. She had a few napkins for light wetness, but nothing for the level of a full blown accident! Nothing, except for....

'Rou...Letta!'

The sound of her sit's power activating... reverting her back to a very desperate, but manageable state in the bathroom.....Quite a length prior, as the man's voice rang out.

"If she sees I let a customer into the employee only bathroom again, she'll be...."

"Yeah...I can wait.." Koz-Mo called back, as the man's voice trailed off. Kozuko waited for a few tense moments, before daring to nudge open the door...Seeing an empty store, once again!

"Better not waste this.." she thought out loud, dashing out from behind the counter as she made her hasty escape from the dignity prison of a store, and mingled back into the mall.

Two down, Eight to go! Or..was it nine..? Decisions!

\

###\

| To Be Continued...... |

### /

/

*008*2018-04-23 06:32

[Alliance Challenge Redux: Episode 3: Change of Pace]

Free from her previous challenge, we return to Kozuko as she puts significant distance between her and the accursed store that claimed an ill-timed expulsion of her liquids..... Which, though swiftly undone by Lotto's powers, would not go unpaid at a later time....

Free from the shackles and confines of the employee bathroom, Kozuko glanced at her phone to check the time.

"Looks like I spent an extra twenty minutes in there." she stated to herself, as she glanced around. "Maybe I should go ahead, and start the next challenge..."

She started to thumb through the emails again, before glancing back over the one she had just completed...Flinching as she re-read it.

"Oh, right. I need to get a drink, before that one's done. " she remarked, tensing her thighs a bit more at the idea of giving her body more liquid to process...But, still confident. She completed the Alliance challenge once, she could easily manage it again!

Kozuko paced purposefully down the mall, heading towards one of the many sections of the food-court options without a line, as she set her hands on the table.

"Can I get a Fountain Dew? Mode Red?" she asked, the attendant turning with a plastic, practiced smile.

"Coming right up!" they answered quickly, moving to fill up a moderately sized cup with a crimson soda....Prompting Kozuko to press her palm into the front of her skirt.

'Don't think about it too much..' she mentally commanded herself, steeling herself as the cup was filled up. She wouldn't dare show weakness...Not to a mere beverage, or any other facet of this challenge. No......She wouldn't give even an inch....Or else...

"Your drink." the attendant called to her, as she thumbed out some bills to pay, taking the cup with a straw, and began to sip at it. A refreshing, caffeine-filled rush of cool liquid filled her mouth, and though she could feel her body recoiling at the thought of processing more liquid.... She could also feel the rush of sugar and caffeine starting to stir her focus a bit more....

"Mmm...I can do this....I can do this." she stated to herself as she quietly nursed the beverage with one hand, pulling out her phone to thumb for the next set of challenges.

"Spam....Spam...Weekly ad.." she quietly noted between sips and taps...Before finally coming up on the segment of challenge-Emails again. As she opened up one though, she felt herself freezing in place.

"Go into a bathroom, and relieve yourself, somehow.....For exactly Five seconds." she stated, crossing her legs over one another. "Then....Do everything in your power to stop...The.....Flow...."

Kozuko felt herself bending forward slightly as she tried very hard not to recollect how it had gone last time. A single bathroom....a sink...and some less-than graceful posture, through her garments. She could feel a swell of pressure from the memory...But, she lowered a hand at this, squeezing herself as she collected her resolve.

"Nnnghh...No..! I won't falter...I'll do it..." she stated again to herself, softly. "I'll do it right this time too..."

Last time, she had felt like it was lightly cheating to do it in a private bathroom..But, for this instance.... She would go to the public bathrooms... And...

...

"Nnngh....."

She remembered how not fun it was trying to stop, and if she wanted to follow the rules to the letter, she'd have to find a way to relieve herself in not a toilet, in order to shave off precious minutes from her lengthy hold. A troublesome task...But, Kozuko was no quitter!

"First up, the bathroom.." she instructed to herself, pacing around the mall...Looking for that telltale sign.......Focused...mentally prepared...And resolved.

...

A will that faltered slightly as she rounded the corner of one of the halls leading to the bathrooms....And she bore witness to the longest line she'd ever seen, stemming out of the girl's bathrooms.

"Wh..What the hell?!" she exclaimed incredulously, seeing figure after figure standing...No less than seven girls standing outside of the room of salvation.

"Nnn...I knew we shouldn't have had so much to drink.." Kozuko heard, seeing the girl from before several spots in front of her. "The line's barely moving..."

"Nnn...! I know..!" another girl, even smaller, and with nearly porcelain skin called...Both of her hands pressed into a blue skirt. "I don't know if I'm gonna make it...!"

The very thought made Kozuko's legs clamp together...Wincing slightly as she sat her beverage down on a nearby bench. She hadn't expected a line this incredibly long.... To see this many other girls, with a plight similar to hers...

And, she most certainly did not want to be present in case anyone else came up short......And forced her to endure that awfully tempting noise...Kozuko digging her hands into her skirt to halt her own faucet from making noises.

'Nnn...This...This is Hell..' Kozuko thought to herself, glancing at her phone. Another ten minutes had passed since her last check, meaning now she was now three challenges behind schedule for her bladder.....And, was certainly starting to feel it.

"And with a line like this, by the time I'd get in, it might be too late.." she thought to herself as she felt the pressure rising.....The tense situation tempting out her long-tormented tinkle. 'But...I need a bathroom to do these challenges.......Is there another one around, close by?'

She wracked her brain for the layout of the mall, and tried to ponder where the nearest place to relieve herself for those precious seconds would be.....Though, as she did....Lotto's form emerged from her, and gave her an answer......

It's fingers gesturing to the other end of the hall...With a blue sign, and a conspicuously empty line.

' I.....could never...' she thought to herself as she glanced at the boy's toilets....Tensing her thighs. For a few, scant moments, the idea was impossible... Incapable of being formed....Completely out of the question...

Pang...Ssh..

But, a forceful press from her internal clock, coupled with what felt like the lightest of dampness escaping her clenched lips.... Impossible quickly became improbable...Unfavorable...undesirable......inescapable.

If she wanted to get back on track to doing her challenges, there was no other, feasible method. She had to do this.....

Glancing back at the line with one look, Lotto peeking ahead and out the way for her....Kozuko held her breath nearly as much as she held her now definitely damp garments....And darted into the much emptier room....Closing the door behind her as she felt her heart pounding, and setting her bag on the nearest counter.

The boy's bathroom had a strange....pervasive atmosphere to her.. .A sense of anxiety filled her, coupled with a rush of...excitement? She wasn't supposed to be in here...It was illicit...It was taboo....

...

But, it was certainly exciting. A definite improvement on her last foray into the Alliance challenge....One she could say was definitely more adventurous, and extravagant than her last foray!

...

But if that door so much as creaked, she feared she would lose it all in shock......So, before she could get distracted, she figured she should act fast.

There were only two stalls in the bathroom, coupled with two urinals...Along with a sink, with...unfortunately, a sensor activated faucet. She knew if she stepped close, it would immediately start spraying water.... And, that was the last thing she wanted plaguing her senses right now. However, the walls of the stalls went all the way to the floor, keeping her from knowing if someone was in the closed doors without physically checking herself...

Something she did not want to risk right now. No, if she was going to do this, she would have to be quiet...careful..and most of all..

Fast.

She wanted to hop up on the sink and repeat her last endeavor....but, her streak of fortune, coupled with her own confidence brewed an idea. An illicit one, but an idea nevertheless. Not hearing any telltale noises from the stalls, and reminding herself she had supernatural powers this time.. She began to put her plan into action.

"Lotto..Make sure no one comes in.." she instructed her Sit, allowing it to part ways from her body a decent amount....The entity being able to manipulate physical objects and people, without being seen by anyone who didn't have a Sit themselves. As such, it could likely physically dissuade any would-be people from entering the stall as she went to complete her...Business.

Feeling the weight in her bladder starting to scream at her from being held up so long, coupled with the promise of relief, Kozuko decided it would be as good a time as any to try something new..... Pacing over to one of the urinals, and starting to wrap up her skirt above her waist.

"N...Not a blind rush this time...." she told herself, having enough time to get her miniskirt out of the way, as her fingers hooked her crimson panties. "And, it's technically not a toilet... So, it fits the criteria for the bonus. Just...gotta.....Nnaaaahhhhhh..."

Five seconds. That's all the time she would have, before having to clamp off her flow by any means necessary. With the intense pressure that had been growing inside of her since she started this challenge, she was feeling confident in having a forceful enough stream to clear at least a small distance...As she pressed herself as close to the alternate station of relief, and not only let herself relax... But even pushed on her own pent-up muscles, intent on buying herself as much time as possible.

P..PSSSSSSS..PSSSSSSSSSHHH..PSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHH SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHSHHHHHH

A geyser of pent-up piddle started to erupt from her parted lower lips, splashing powerfully into the porcelain wall before her...Crystal clear waters noisily cascading down the Urinal with the force of a thousand suns! ...Or at least, it felt like a vicious rainstorm surging out of her. The sheer relief from letting out so much liquid was maddening, as Koz-Mo flushed deep red, and had to bite down on her lips to avoid a moan of relief..

' Three......Four......Five!' she had counted out in her head slowly....Unsure of the proper timing, but too relieved to care. As she hit five though, came the hard part...

Stopping.

"Nnngh........Nnn..Nnn.." she quickly groaned to herself, letting her skirt fall, and her panties snap back into place as she clenched her lower muscles as tightly as they'd go...Both of her hands trying to halt the flow of Kozuko waters, and restrain her urge to just completely empty out there. A splash of warmth soaked the cotton material, and the hands accompanying it.....Then a second...and a third.......

"Stop..S.ssstoooooop..!" Koz-Mo asserted to herself, gripping and squeezing herself tighter and tighter..Crossing her legs over one another to apply as much pressure as she could.... Trying...Writhing...and shifting....

Until eventually, the warmth stopped, leaving her skirt damp at the edges, and her panties a much darker red than they were prior....But, finally not at risk of completely emptying.

"Ohnnn..Ohh..Phew..." she stated to herself softly, wiping her brow with her arm as she took a few cautionary steps...Ensuring she wouldn't pop a gasket from walking a few steps away.... To make sure she had regained control.

"That was...close.." she sounded to herself, moving to the sink to wash her hands....Ignoring the noise of splashing waters... As a thought sprang to her mind. "Wasn't..one of the challenges to....Do this for two minutes..?"

She wiped her hands off with a towel as she pulled out her phone, going to another message to find that yes..one of the challenges was to keep her hands under water, for two minutes.

She groaned, but felt that if she was to have any chance of doing this challenge, doing it while she still had the temporary relief from the previous one was her best bet. Kozuko set a timer on her phone, and placed her hands under the sink...Closing her eyes, and crossing her legs tightly.

KSSSHHHHHHH...SSSHHHH

A sound that made her very being shake with desperation....As she bounced on her knees, arched her back over the counter, and allowed herself to groan needily....Squeezing her legs together tightly. The time for modesty was on break... For now, she had only one goal...

"Don't pee....Don't pee...Don't pee...'

Every bit of water that went over her hands felt like it was pouring straight into her bladder. Her five seconds of relief felt like it was being quickly overshadowed by the mass of water spurting out of the sink....Washing over her hands in a growing warmth.......Trickling down her palms....and splashing into the bottom of the sink...As it trickled, dripped, dropped, and trailed down the drain...

Swirling.....Splashing....Spraying every which way...

Every passing second felt like minutes...Every time she twisted her body, she feared the warm wetness on her hands would spread to her thighs....Every time she felt the still-warm wetness of her panties brush against her, she worried she would lose it all.....Or worse, that she would need to do this again....

Last time, she had chanted the command to herself again and again....Feeling the maddening need to explode, even over herself.. But this time, she could manage... This time, she could endure... This time, she would not need to repeat herself...

RingringRing!

The signal that she had accomplished her challenge had sent a wave of both relief, and shock throughout her body. On one hand, she had succeeded in lasting for two minutes....

Pssshssh

On the other hand, the sudden noise was enough to snap her out of her laser-focused mindset....And, the slowly cooling spot of piddle on her panties was freshly warmed, coupled with a few stray trickles down her inner thighs...

"Gah..!" she sounded, clamping her warm, wet hands over herself to squeeze her pantied, tinkle-tormented faucet, gripping it firmly....Yet unable to determine where the water ended, and her piddle began, she kept an iron grip....Forcing her body to comply with her command...

"Don't pee..Don't pee...Don't you dare fucking pee..." she uttered to herself, noticing something as she glanced downward. Her foray in the Urinal hadn't gone completely scot free, as she noticed a sizable puddle in front of the one she had utilized.......And, she was most certain that the wetness in her boots wasn't from a sudden splash of the sink waters....

Was she too absorbed in holding it to notice? Or, had it always been there? Koz-Mo wasn't sure... but, as she finally regained her self control, she glanced at herself in the mirror.....Holding up her skirt to inspect the damage.

"Gods...They're completely soaked..." she stated to herself, what had been a brighter red was now soaked from the crotch to her bottom... Looking like she had dipped herself in the sink, rather than just a few stray leaks. It was warm for the moment, but she knew it would feel cold, and a bit clammy soon...... As she glanced at her phone again.

"Wasn't..one of the challenges also to change my panties..?" she stated to herself, as she moved over to her bag, reaching to pull out a set of grey panties. "Nn...Now's as good of a time as any to......."

Koz-Mo started to slide the now saturated crimson garments down her thighs at this, being careful to not bend over as she lifted her legs slowly.. First the left, and then the right.....

The damp red material was placed into a plastic bag at this, as she started to bend ever so slightly to slide on the grey ones... As something suddenly rang out.

Crrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaak.

Kozuko found herself frozen in shock as one of the bathroom stall doors, which she had presumed empty from inactivity, suddenly opened outward.. A figure with forest green hair stepping out.

"Nnngh...What happened.." the decidedly male voice called, as Koz-Mo flinched...Froze in place... and felt it.

Pssssh....Pssshhh...Pssshhhhhhh

The stream taking the chance of her lack of focus, spraying right between her legs....Trickling down her thighs.... Saturating her stockings once more, and splashing against the grey material she was in the process of tugging up. They would be damp before they ever met her hips, as she felt her entire body tensing up, and recoiling in fear... Her worst fears coming to life.

Being seen wetting herself was mortifying.....Being seen doing so by a stranger, even worse so... But being seen doing so, in a bathroom.. the WRONG BATHROOM...

"H...HIEEYAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

Kozuko felt herself falling to her knees, indifferent to the pooling of warmth in her heels, her thigh-highs, and her skirt... Her pulse racing, and her mentality crashing at this..

' Iwannadie...Iwannadie...I WANNA DIE...'

Before the girl could hear the no doubt shocked gasp, and response of the boy however, another voice rang out.... Calling to her salvation..

Rou...Letta!

In a flash, Koz-Mo's forcible release, coupled with her immense shame, and her lack of control faded into nothingness.... Her Sit having rewound her precious moments before the opening of the door...Prompting her to glance warily.

"Ah....Gotta go, now!" she stated to herself, snatching her bag up, and darting out of the accursed bathroom... A Loud creaking heralding her escape as she dashed...And dashed... and dashed...

Kozuko had sprinted about halfway through the mall before she found herself slowing and calming... Still feeling a significant pressure in her lower abdomen...

And, noticing after a slight peek up her skirt, still wearing the heavily saturated red undergarments.....But, she was still safe! Still able to continue along the alliance challenge... And still able to overcome it!

Four down, Six or so to go!

\

###\

| To Be Continued...... |

### /

/

*010*2018-05-09 13:36

[Alliance Challenge Redux Episode 4: Bending the rules]

Free from her latest ordeal, Kozuko could only scamper about as she thumbed out her phone....Grateful for the save, but feeling the pressure all the same. Letting some of it out helped with the pressure, but it was still so tempting to just relax her lower muscles, and let the rest flow.....

It wouldn't be the first time she'd soaked..certainly wouldn't be the last... And, if she moved carefully and quickly, she could get away with it.

'But No....' she told herself, steeling her lower muscles as she found the chain of emails again. 'I've come this far....I will NOT submit!'

She valiantly tapped at the screen, reading the email as her thighs tensed anew...and she felt herself shiver.

'Count the number of coins, and then drop them at a torso-height.... In a populated area. Then, bend down, and pick them up. No rush...'

Koz-Mo winced as she read the last line. No rush, huh?

'No rush.....Except the rush of waters trying to come out of me, and ruin my panties!' She half thought to herself, her legs crossing tightly as she glanced around for the most populated area that wasn't the bathrooms...Looking to make her way back to the intersection she was at while occasionally swinging a hand down to press at herself between every so many steps.

It was an arduous experience.... But, a simple enough challenge on paper.....

...

Until she remembered what they had added to the area that she had gone to last time.

"Gh..! Fountain Ka?!" she inquired with a sharp snapping, bending over slightly at the waist as she kneaded her palm into her damp crotch. She nearly felt it all ending in that moment, the constant....relentless...never ending.....Siren song of gusssssssssssssshing....The Sprays of water.....Always flowing..always washing ashore.....

"Nnngh..Shit.." she whispered to herself as she felt her fingers growing warm for a few moments, fighting the urge to emulate the fountain......Crossing her legs over one another, and plopping down on a nearby bench....Groaning softly under her breath....

"Nn...Nnn.....Nearly....Lost it all there..." she whimpered to herself as her legs knotted over each other....Her hands busily moving to forage into her bag. She was the kind of person to carry a lot of change...And, with every passing scoop of her fingers... The pressure felt like it was mounting.....Climbing....straining every bit of internal muscle she had...... Every coin felt like a possible contraction....The thought of having to bend over to pick up each and every one was maddening... But, she'd do it. This was her challenge, and she had to overcome it.......

"Okay....Fifteen....No...Sixteen.." she stated to herself....Thumbing through once more, as she stood up on shaky legs.... The constant, relentless fountain behind her feeling like it was trying to inspire her personal waters to paint the proverbial Mona Lisa all over her garments........But, she would not relent..she would not give up....

A few, staggered steps away, she 'accidentally' fumbled with transitioning her coins from hand to bag, watching them scatter everywhere.

"Ah..Shoot." she faux-complained, as she started moving along.... A bunch of the coins gathering in one place... With a few others rolling off to other sections of the mall. She hastily knelt down, tensing her thighs and clenching her girlhood with every iota of strength she had.....

Her bladder was being squashed....It was being crushed, and mashed with her every gesture in a squatted position.... Every coin threatened to spring a leak...Every shifting of her sides lead to another wave of desperation.... Every squeeze of her fingers had to be matched with a squeeze of her thighs and legs... As the damn fountain never stopped spraying!

"E..Eight..N...Nine....T..T..Ten..." she counted to herself, squeezing her eyes shut in agony. She was nearly there...More than halfway there....Just a few more, and she would be able to be free of the accursed fountain, and over this damnable challenge!

She struggled to her feet, thankful for the apathetic citizens that zoomed by her...As she went to one side, kneeling over...

"E..Eleven...Twe..Twelve.... Thir....Thir....Thirt...." she counted, tensing up as a wave of need washed over her, a sudden, frequent squirt forced it's way out of her already saturated red panties.... She could hear it splattering against the floor... She could feel the most minute of relief...coupled with a vigorously renewed urge to just burst...Nevermind the thirty plus odd people that were passing around her.... She wanted to...No, she needed to pee...!

She quivered, clenched, gripped, and trembled in place for what felt like a solid minute as she managed to slowly fumble the thirteenth coin into her bag, and slowly reaffirmed her dampened seal....Managing to quell it silently....

"Ah...Koz-Mo.." a voice suddenly prompted her attention from the ground, rocketing up as she inadvertently planted her boot right over the clear wet puddle in the floor she just made. A sharp turn, a quick tensing.....And...

"Ah...Hinami, was it?" she called out, trying to straighten herself up and still her body as best she could.....Doing her best to ignore the dampness between her thighs..... To try to draw as little attention to the dampness prominent enough to certainly not be sweat... To try to keep eye contact, and focus on the brunette before her....

"Y..Yeah...." the quieter girl called, a light flushing on her cheeks. She...she had to just be shy that she remembered her name, that's all! She didn't witness the whole debacle with her squatting, and fumbling to pick up the coins...right? "You...d..dropped these."

Kozuko felt herself redden a bit as the girl held out her three missing coins. A Penny, a quarter, and a nickle. She reach out to grab them quietly, feeling the coins slip through her fingers instinctively as she faux-gasped again.

"Ah...Butterfingers...." she snapped, kneeling down to pick them up like the ones she did before.

"Oh..I'm sorry, let me..!" Hinami responded apologetically, going to kneel down with her, as Kozuko raised a hand.

"No! ...N..No, I...I got it...s..see?" she answered a bit too hurriedly, feeling the crotch of her panties warming again as she scooped up the coins...and started up sharply. "T..Thanks anyways for the offer.."

The brunette flushed again....Muttering quietly as Kozuko slid the coins into her bag, and squeezed her legs together tightly.

"I...um...You know..." Hinami started, her gaze drifting down the mall....As Kozuko winced...But tried desperately to keep a straight face. "I..If you need to....I.. I mean...I know that the lines...."

"I'm fine.!! R..really...I'm okay.." she rebuttalled quickly...and maybe a bit too loudly, as the girl paused... and gave a quick nod.

"R..right...Right...Sorry.." Hinami answered quietly, averting her gaze. Kozuko felt a little bad for snapping so suddenly, but she had a mission.......

"A..Anyways..I uh...Gotta go buy something.." Koz-Mo answered quietly, starting to pace away. "I'll..um..see you again, Hinami."

"Oh..O..okay...." Hinami answered back quietly, as Kozuko scurried away from the girl, determined to get to both relative obscurity, and away from the fountain once more.

She had managed it....She had managed another challenge.... Even if it felt like she was already well on her way out of the way of control. She had to persist...She had to endure..

'M..Maybe I should try changing again.' she thought to herself, pressing her hands down at her damp panties, and now likely wet skirt. 'G..Getting out of these wet clothes should...help...'

The question was....could she make it that far?

###

| To Be Continued...... |

###

