An Unexpected Guest

Author: Astraptera

*000*2024-07-15 23:25

Instead of being productive and ending my main project, I started this. A lot of it is setup but there will be more parts. This takes place at about the same time as where I am with Chib. I wanted to see what Millie being directly involved would look like since she's ace, but she's more sex-positive than Rabb is. Also no art for this part: I didn't think I'd get done with it today.

###

Part 1

Millie hauled her knapsack down the enclosed boarding ramp from the ferry at the tail end of her group, covered in dirt and sore from the tumultuous boat ride. For the past eight days, she'd been staying at the campsite on Blue Island, near a site her archaeology group was excavating.

The Talon Islands, an archipelago in the far south of the Grisderm Homeworld named for its shape on maps, were prone to near-constant hostile stormy weather for more than eight months out of the year. Even during the calmer summer season, there were at least one or two major storms. This storm, Millie recalled, was already forecasted to last for several days despite the calm, relatively warm weather that preceded its sudden onset.

An aroma of convenience store pizza distracted Millie from the wall monitors showing the weather conditions, canceled departures, and postponed arrivals. Even if the pizza tasted vaguely freezer-burned and had a texture like elephant skin after hours in the hot case, it sounded fantastic to Millie, who'd eaten only rehydrated oatmeal, apple sauce, and instant coffee for the past week at the campsite.

Millie heaved her knapsack onto her shoulder and crossed the terminal area to the little alcove containing the cafe. She hauled her pack into the cafe, ordered a surprisingly fresh-looking personal pizza with a soft drink, and tottered to the dining area, where she set her pack on the chair next to hers. Millie sat back and opened her phone before she started eating, and called her daughter.

Millie was a petite Haman woman but looked about twice her size in her layers of clothing. She wore a faded gray City of Rain University sweater, emblazoned with the letters "CRU," mud-smeared blue jeans, and a pair of dirt-caked hiking boots over full thermals and two shirts. A bright orange knit cap sat over her hair, which was chestnut brown and braided halfway down her back. Her pointed ears stuck out slightly and matched the pink blush across her nose and cheekbones. As the phone rang, Millie picked up her drink and took a sip, leaving dirt behind in the condensation on the cup. She used a napkin to wipe it off and glanced around for a place to wash her hands.

Millie's daughter Chrysanthemum answered the phone. Chrysanthemum, known to her parents as "Mums," was on break at school and had signed on to stay in her dormitory to finish an interworld history project. Millie checked in with her and asked how the project was going, receiving a vague teenage response that it was going alright.

"Dad called too," Mums yawned. "He arrived about three hours ago." The terminal's clock showed that it was half past nine in the morning, and Millie realized after some mental math that it would be past midnight in the City of Rain. Millie apologized for calling so late and Mums took the apology more dutifully than Millie was comfortable with. Millie filed that away in her mind after they ended the conversation: she spied a handwash station in the back corner of the cafe, stood up, and hurried over.

While Millie washed her hands, she ran into another of the university instructors supervising their group on Blue Island, an older Grisderm with a long and complicated Grisderm name, shortened to Obi for convenience. Obi wore an insulated full-body suit like those worn by the local Grisderm fishers with a plain gray headscarf and gaiter, and their scaly face had an unusual reddish tint. There were three sinks and Obi stepped up to the sink next to Millie's. The two of them exchanged a nod.

"The power's out in half the Lodge," Obi informed Millie. "The clerk told me it happened not long before we arrived. The students and other instructors are doubling up and sleeping on couches."

"Have you doubled up yet?" Millie asked.

Obi nodded. "My room has power. Kiki's staying with me."

Obi was only there for tea and sat with Millie, discussing the weather forecast for the next few days until Keyana "Kiki" Moss, another of the CRU faculty chaperones, approached. They exchanged a brief greeting and Obi and Kiki left, saying goodnight to Millie.

Millie finished her pizza, and since her drink came with a free refill, she got one before she headed for the front desk of the Lodge.

The City of Last Resort's ferry terminal had an attached hotel, three restaurants, a fishing supply store, and an optimistic little souvenir shop. The hotel was called "The Lodge." The Lodge's check-in desk was only a short walk from the cafe, and Millie saw with some satisfaction that she'd waited out the line. She was able to walk right up without a wait.

"Good evening, Sai," Millie said to the desk clerk in what she hoped was a formal tone. She was exhausted, but the tone was custom there. It must have passed muster because the clerk acknowledged her with a small nod. "Do you still have a room for a Millicent Lee with the CRU?"

The clerk, a young Grisderm woman in a dark green uniform body suit, told Millie that her formerly reserved room was in the part of the lodge without power.

"The rooms that have power are full, and the ones without cannot be rented, Sai Lee," the young woman said, looking harried despite herself. "I apologize."

Millie said she understood and would make some calls: she was part of a large group, and she didn't mind sharing a couch bed if she had to. The lodge's lobby had a small sitting area, where Millie dropped her pack before plopping down in one of the lobby armchairs. She took a moment to rest and sip her drink while she thought of who to call first when someone walked up and stood beside her.

"Hey, Mills. Obi said you were out here," said an Andyne man. He looked tall from where Millie sat, and she knew he was about a head taller than she. The man wore a set of CRU sweats and had a fading tan to his pale skin, short curly light blue hair, blunt-shaped feathered bluejay wings, and his most striking feature, his pupilless amber eyes. They made the man, Digitalis, look a little spooky, but Millie knew better: he was her former husband and one of the least spooky people she knew.

"Hi, Digit," Millie yawned. "Do you and Arthur have anyone sleeping on your couch?"

"I came over to ask you about that, actually," said Digitalis. "You're welcome to stay with us." Millie stood up to shoulder her heavy pack for what she hoped would be the last time that day, but Digitalis was already lifting it. He made it look light and insisted on carrying it to the hotel room. One of the three diverging hallways had been blocked off using stanchions from the ferry terminal, and on the wall between the remaining two was a stack of plastic bins full of small hotel bottles. Millie and Digitalis passed close, and Millie saw that the bottles were shampoo, conditioner, lotion, body wash, liquid soap, and bubble bath.

"What time did you leave the campsite?" Digitalis yawned. The windows they passed were gray and ominously dark for mid-morning on a summer day, and either showed an expanse of turbulent water or the moored ferries, everything on their decks tied down.

"Seven. We were up all night packing up camp before the storm hit," yawned Millie. "Obi and I discussed cutting off the trip right here, but we'll have to bring that up with the other instructors. Whatever happens, we'll be in the Lodge for a few days, so we'll have plenty of time for that."

"Millie! Hi!" said Arthur. He sat on the couch with a cup of tea in front of the room's television, which was muted and tuned to a documentary on what appeared to be an old Haman castle. "How's the excavation going?"

"Not great. We've found nothing but roots, rocks, modern garbage, more rocks, and dirt, and we've tried three different sites," Millie answered. Digitalis set her pack on a folding luggage rack and she thanked him. "We might just end the excavation and take the next ferry north once the storm ends," she added to Arthur. "We'll probably meet or do a conference call with the other instructors sometime tomorrow to discuss the matter."

After that, Millie asked about taking a shower. She excavated her shower things from her pack and Digitalis led her into the bathroom to explain the shower's controls. Digitalis and Arthur's room was a prefabricated modular unit, typical of Grisderm construction, with a spacious Andyne bathroom. The shower took up about half the room, with a retractable clear glass screen. There was a circular bathtub in the back corner of the shower floor, the tile cover almost indistinguishable when it was in place.

"The glass in these screens is cool," said Digitalis, pushing a small button on the edge of the shower screen. It went blinding white and opaque in a blink. Digitalis pushed the button again and the white was replaced with gently undulating blue waves, dark heather gray, and matte black. "There's a color dial in the light switch, but I haven't messed with that yet. It's also double-sided." He demonstrated this by having Milie walk in the shower and look out. The glass had been opaque black from the outside, but inside she had a clear view of the bathroom and Digitalis with a slight purplish tint. He switched the glass back to full transparency and the tint winked out.

"So I just need to make sure the outer panel is opaque," Millie mused.

Digitalis said, "I'll let you get to your shower. I'm going to the vending room for some emotional support carbs. Would you like anything?"

The shower started as Digitalis walked out the door. Millie washed off the accumulated dirt and gloried in the hot water. Now that she was naked, Millie could get a good look at the bruises on her hips and thighs from a rock that had poked through her thin sleeping pad no matter what she tried to put between her and it. She thought longingly of the couch bed.

"Millie?" Arthur called through the bathroom door.

"What's up, Arty?" replied Millie.

"Would you mind if I came in to brush my teeth? I'll be quick."

Millie leaned out of the shower to make sure the screen was still opaque from the outside. It was. "Sure! Take your time - I'd love an excuse to stay in the hot water longer."

Arthur entered the bathroom. His normally sleek black-feathered wings were rumpled from the cramped seats on the long bus ride to the Lodge. He wore his long dark hair in its usual side clip and a terrycloth robe over a pair of loud striped pants.

"Those pants are new," Milly commented while Arthur opened and sniffed the hotel toothpaste. "Nice pattern." Arthur turned to the screen. His eyes swept over it, briefly giving Millie the impression of making eye contact.

"Can you see me?" Arthur asked slowly.

"Yeah, it's double-sided," said Millie. "She pushed the button Digitalis had shown her and peeked out to watch the glass change to the water pattern. Arthur made a noise that might've been, "That's cool!" around his toothbrush.

Arthur stepped over to the sink to finish brushing. "Digit and I were planning on a nap. The last leg of the trip here was eleven hours and we're exhausted."

"I was going to ask if I could fold out the couch bed for a late morning nap myself," said Millie. "But isn't Digit getting food?"

"He's getting it now to beat the lunch rush later," said Arthur. "I could fold out the bed if you like." Millie accepted the offer and when she emerged in her clean sleep sweats, the couch bed was neatly made. Digitalis had returned and retired to the bedroom with Arthur for their nap. Millie turned down the lights, switched off the television, and flopped down onto the mattress.

Millie swam up out of a heavy sleep that left her headachy and fuzzy. She'd fallen asleep in the same position she'd bellyflopped onto the mattress in and sat up massaging her neck. Her throat was so dry that she could feel the sides sticking together when she swallowed. It didn't hurt, but she found it annoying and got up to grab her drink from the cafe.

The room's refrigerator sat across the room from the couch next to the television. Millie retrieved her soda and slowly drank the whole thing, blessing her past self for remembering the free refill. The cup was good for cheap refills at the cafe if she kept it, so she put it back in the refrigerator with the remaining ice in the bottom. As soon as Millie stood up from closing the fridge, a brief but intense urge to pee hit her. She padded briskly over to the bathroom.

The bathroom door stood open when Millie reached it, and she didn't bother with the lights. Weak daylight filtered in from the high horizontal windows and gave her more than enough to see by. Rain clattered and splashed loudly against the windows, making Millie's bladder throb dully.

"B-bear," said a small voice. It took Millie a few seconds to distinguish it from the background noise. "I think I heard something."

Halfway to the toilet, Millie turned. The shower screen was clear, and she saw Digitalis behind it, standing naked by the shower wall and holding onto the support bars next to the showerhead. What Millie first thought was his shadow was Arthur's wing: Arthur was kneeling between Digitalis's legs. Millie couldn't see exactly what he was doing behind the edge of Digitalis's wing, but she could hear some of it, along with Arthur's contented little grunts. The white stripes on Digitalis's wings stood out, ghostly and violet-tinted behind the glass.

Millie froze. Digitalis looked in her direction. Millie's first impulse was to skitter out, apologizing profusely, and wait until Arthur and Digitalis finished. She waved sheepishly, but neither Arthur nor Digitalis seemed to see her.

Another urge to pee hit Millie and this time it wasn't brief. Millie had to clamp down hard and press her legs together. It took a momentous effort and holding it in was almost painful, but she somehow rode it out with only a brief bloom of warmth in her underwear before the urge eased. When she looked back up, Digitalis had pulled back from Arthur and cautiously approached the screen. Millie saw that Digit's cock was fully erect, and recognized a full bulge in his lower belly. It gave Millie butterflies in her stomach but she suppressed them: Digitalis wasn't her husband anymore and she didn't feel it would be appropriate. Not without an invitation, anyway.

"Mills?" Digitalis said tentatively. He reached the edge of the screen and peered out.

Millie raised her hand in greeting, aware that she was shaking, and gulped, "Hi, Digit." Digitalis pushed a button on the side of the screen and the purple tint in the glass blinked out.

Arthur's eyes found Millie, and he said, "Hi, Millie!"

Millie crossed her legs. "Hi, Arthur. I wouldn't disturb you normally, but I've really gotta pee."

"You're not disturbing us," said Arthur. "Care to join us? When you have to go it's no joke."

"What's that supposed to mean?" Millie snorted despite herself.

Blushing, Digitalis said, "You have a large bladder. I second Bear's invitation to pee on us, but if you don't want to, that's okay too."

Millie's vulva quivered and let out another drip of warmth. "We'll have to do it right now. I can't hold it any longer," she said, dropping her pants.

"Can you do that thing where you stick out your hips for distance?" Arthur asked giddily. Millie shuffled toward Arthur, but Digitalis went toward the back corner of the shower, bent down, and started feeling around on the floor tiles.

"Digit, what are you doing?" Arthur asked, perplexed while Millie bounced desperately on her feet. A small squirt escaped her. She opened her mouth to tell Arthur about the sunken bathtub, but a small, whining groan came out instead.

Digitalis lifted a half moon of floor and pulled it back. The scuzzy light from outside brightened, illuminating Digitalis as he fully uncovered the circular bathtub set into the floor.

Arthur gasped, "We've had a bathtub this whole time?" and guided Millie around the tub. With Arthur standing up, it was hard, pun intended, to ignore how large his erection was.

Digitalis sat on the side of the bathtub where the rim curved away from the wall, one leg in the tub and the other laid flat along the tiled rim. Arthur stepped down into the tub and settled between Digitalis's thighs. Millie approached the side of the tub, standing perpendicular to Arthur and Digitalis. As requested, Millie angled her hips. The first burst took a few seconds to pick up speed, gently showering Digitalis and Arthur until Mille bore down. Her flow tightened into a stream and shot against the shower wall in a high arch. Millie still had a low headache, so she only pushed for a few seconds, letting the arch fall back into a lazy spray.

"Phew," Millie sighed, watching Arthur cheerfully suck her former husband's dick. Digitalis was enjoying himself too, flexing his wings against the wall and undulating his hips slightly with his eyes half-open and unfocused. Millie squatted next to him at the side of the tub, finishing at a leisurely dribble on the tile floor. "Looks like somebody's getting close."

Digitalis's strange eyes turned to Millie. "Y-...Yeah," he gasped, jerking forward. Arthur reached up and steadied him with a hand in the middle of his chest. Millie leaned forward and kissed Digitalis's temple near his hairline. Her hand explored down to his nipple, rubbing it in slow circles the way Millie knew he liked, and she felt a cooling drop of her own urine on his skin. Digitalis leaned into Millie's kisses and wedged his wings tightly against the wall, small moans escaping between his rapid breaths.

Arthur sat back and finished Digitalis off with his hand, letting Digitalis's fluids spatter on his chin, chest, and belly.

"Wow, Digit," snorted Arthur. Digitalis arched his back and let out another drip of cum onto Arthur's knees before he relaxed in Millie's arms. Digitalis placed a hand on Arthur's to signal him to stop and he did, leaning on Digitalis's thigh.

"We should..." Digitalis panted, his breath hot against Millie's shoulder. "We should do this again."

"Would you be up for oral, Millie?" asked Arthur, leaning back and letting his cock stand up, twitching in the air.

"I'm...okay. But thanks for the offer," said Millie, helping Digitalis sit up. His lower belly bulged more than ever, and Millie was surprised he wasn't leaking.

Arthur scooted a little closer to Digitalis. "It's always open if you change your mind."

"Are you going to urinate on Arty?" Millie asked Digitalis. Digitalis gave an affirmative grunt, reaching down. "Can I help?"

Digitalis sat back against the wall and stretched his wings slowly. "Is it okay with you, Bear?"

"Please do," purred Arthur.

Millie gently grasped Digitalis's member and aimed squarely at Arthur's exposed glans. Digitalis let go with a little shiver and relaxed against Millie. The stream hit its mark and Arthur moaned under his breath.

"I see you've been holding it, Digit," Millie observed.

Arthur replied, slowly but steadily stroking himself: "He's been holding it since before we left. This-...no, it's yesterday now."

"I didn't have time with all the packing," sighed Digitalis. "Neither of us did."

Millie looked Arthur up and down. Arthur's strokes were quickening. "When did you pee, then, Arty?"

Arthur tried and failed at a cheeky tone. "H-how did you know?" he gasped. Digitalis's urine splashed down one of the hidden drains in the tub.

"You walk a certain way when you have to go," said Millie. "You've been walking normally since I showed up, so I assume you relieved yourself somewhere en route, or here." She aimed the stream up and down Arthur's shaft. He was beginning to twitch.

"How do you know that though?" Digitalis asked. "Have you two had a rendezvous?"

"No," Millie said. In the tub, Arthur's hand was a blur. "Arty and I are just bathroom buddies on remote digs."

"I thought bathroom buddies were supposed to be same-sex," said Digitalis curiously. His flow slowed and Millie angled it upward to keep it on the mark.

"They are-" Millie paused to lean back. Arthur came in several large bursts, aiming forward at the side of the bathtub. Some of it hit Digitalis's legs and Millie felt some on the hand still holding Digitalis's penis. The rest dripped out on the tiles, draining with Digitalis's urine. He finished, and Millie shook him off.

Panting, Arthur scooted back again and rested on the curved side of the tub. "Millie's just the only one who-" Arthur gulped and paused to catch his breath while Millie stood up and stretched.

"People used to complain that Arty takes too long to pee," Millie filled in, grunting as she stretched her legs and back. "I don't mind waiting the extra minute or two. It's a nice break from digging and hauling dirt. If you like, I can tell you about how we became bathroom buddies later."

The bathtub was quick to clean up, and Millie threw on a hotel bathrobe to retrieve some bottles of bubble bath from the bin in the hotel lobby. Millie and Arthur opened and emptied ten of the small bottles into the bathwater while Digitalis prepared their lunches in the living area's microwave.

*001*2024-07-26 10:00

I swear I'm still working on Chib. Part 80 is edited but the motivation to do the art to go with the chapter is lacking. In lieu of art for this chapter of this story is a small glossary:

Andyne: people with bird wings who like flower and animal names and have a really socially restrictive culture

Grisderm: semi-reptilians with large eyes, look sort of like aliens, have a matrilineal society, and the males are the ones who give birth

Haman: basically anime elf people with pointy ears. Pink and green are common hair colors and mainstream Haman culture has a rigid religious caste structure

Human: magical creatures that are sometimes bred for various physical traits including psychic abilities, unusual coloration, futanari/unusual genital configurations, and desired personality traits

Renoige: cat people who have a sharp sense of smell. Scents and marking things with urine is part of every Renoige culture, and the ladies have pseudopenis clitorises like those of hyenas

_____________________________

An Unexpected Guest Part 2

"It's perfect," said Millie.

Arthur brushed the top of the bubbles with his hand to level them out. "Do you think we used too much bubble bath?"

Millie and Arthur stood side by side in the wide andyne shower. A tiled bathtub was sunk into the floor in the back corner. Over its rounded sides, a gleaming mass of bubbles rose slowly past Millie's knee height in a cylindrical shape, dented slightly in the back where the faucets sat.

Millie shrugged and replied, "Maybe. I don't think we can eat in the bath without getting bubbles in our food." The lights were on in the bathroom, and she wore a fluffy light blue hotel bathrobe. Arthur was naked, his olive complexion a little paler than usual under his dark freckles: it was currently mid-winter in the City of Rain, where Millie, Digitalis, and Arthur lived. Millie was shorter than Arthur; he was more than a head taller than she was, with the top of her head only reaching his clavicles. Both wore their hair down, her waist-length brown hair straight and his similarly waist-length hair dark and curly.

"I'm content sitting on the floor to eat," said Arthur. "Under other circumstances, I'd be sitting on the ground to eat for a week two days from now." He bent down and sat on the warm tile next to the tub, not bothering to cover himself.

Digitalis peeked into the bathroom. Like Millie and Arthur, he was naked. "Food is almost done. Where are we eating?"

"In here, I think," said Millie. "I'll get the table." She left the bathroom and came back carrying an adjustable folding table. While she did that, Arthur stood up and retrieved the drinks Digitalis had gotten from the vending room.

"I got a text from Dr. Moss," said Arthur, waiting for Millie to set the table upright before putting the drinks down. "She seems to think Blue Island is a waste of time too."

Millie nodded and said, "It may be a waste of time, but we won't know that until we can print out the Geofizz results in the City of Stone. Otherwise, all we've found is modern detritus. We'll have to discuss leaving with the other instructors, though."

Arthur sighed, "True." He took a long drink from the one-liter bottle of spiced andyne tea that Digitalis had gotten him. It smelled warm and pleasant, and Millie made a mental note to get that tea the next time she went to the vending room. The tea was a concentrate, and Arthur drank it at full strength.

"Did they not have your usual brand of green tea?" asked Millie. "Or was it sold out because there are only two vending rooms with power?"

Still drinking, Arthur held up a hand to tell her it would take him a second when Digitalis entered, carrying a tray he'd brought from the vending room. Vending room food was packaged to stack neatly, and Digitalis balanced it as he crossed the room and set the tray on the table.

"Bear requested something stronger," said Digitalis. "He tried a new brand of soda at one of the waypoints late last night and the taste is sticking in his mouth."

"It was awful," Arthur sputtered. "The tea seems to be working though."

The overhead speakers chimed and a cool voice of nondescript gender announced, "Now approaching Transportation Waypoint 147B-A. Amenities available."

Arthur's bladder was almost full, but he didn't pay any mind. He'd held more for longer and there was no danger of him losing control and wetting himself.

Across the small compartment, Digitalis stretched his wings slowly and carefully. It felt even smaller with the blinds down: a bulky accordion shade covered the window, shutting out the fog-shrouded grayness of the coastline. It was early afternoon on a midsummer day, but it didn't feel like it. The dense blue-gray storm clouds shaded the sun, leaving everything gloomy, cold, and damp.

Their archaeology group's original plan had been to take airship transport to the City of Stone, southeast of their destination, and catch a ferry with another group of university students to the cheerfully named City of Last Resort. In the past day, a local storm had cropped up, suspending airship travel services. Their group had landed north of their destination instead and split into two smaller groups. The first took the long inland route, boarding a levitating ground line to the City of Stone, where they would charter an express bus to their destination. The second group boarded a sleeper bus for a shorter but grueling twenty-three-hour trip over winding coastal roads with two stops at transit waypoints.

Arthur and Digitalis were in the second group with other instructors and faculty chaperones: the sleeper bus left an hour later than the first group's train and arrived at their destination six hours earlier.

The sleeper bus had compartments for groups of two and four people. Arthur had been hoping to snag a four-person compartment for the extra wing room, but there were only two on that bus and they were already booked.

Having lived in human staff dormitories for most of his childhood, Digitalis saved space by wedging his feathered bluejay wings upward in the back corner. It gave Arthur room to keep his bad wing extended; an old injury caused it to cramp and spasm painfully in tight spaces, even when he took his medication, and the rain made it worse.

"You should get up first, Digit. You've been stuffed in here so tightly," said Arthur while the bus curved onto the ramp to the waypoint. He used his arm to pull in his wing so Digitalis could pass.

"I need to pee and sitting like this helps me hold it," Digitalis reassured him, but gratefully stood up and stretched his legs when the bus trundled to a stop.

"Passengers may exit the bus while refueling," the unigender Grisderm voice said over the speakers. "Twenty minutes are allotted for amenities."

Arthur disembarked behind Digitalis, both stepping down carefully to avoid triggering their landing reflexes. Thick fog crept across the pavement. In the harsh orange halo of the fueling area's lights, the entrance to the depot had a ghostly glow that made it easy to find.

Inside, signs pointed to the various amenities available. One of the other instructors jogged down the hallway marked "showers" while most headed to the restrooms and vending room. Arthur and Digitalis went to the vending room.

"My throat has been dry for the last hour," Digitalis sighed, punching in the code for a large water bottle on one of the drink machines. For such a middle-of-nowhere place, the vending room had a wide drink selection, and Arthur found himself staring at a locally produced drink called "Seabreeze." Arthur bought a can, along with a small bottle of water. After picking out their food, Arthur and Digitalis sat down to eat.

"Did you need to use the bathroom or anything, Bear?" asked Digitalis, gathering and sorting their cardboard plates and boxes for disposal. "We've got about two more minutes."

Neither of them used the restroom, and they returned early to the bus, stopping outside to stretch their wings. The next seven hours ground by slowly, and Arthur and Digitalis passed the time playing word games, reading the paperbacks they'd brought, and dozing off in their seats.

"You haven't opened your uh..." Digitalis sat up and yawned, blinking from Arthur's reading light. "Seabreeze energy drink."

"It's an energy drink?" asked Arthur, and read the side of the can. "So it is. 'Twice the caffeine of big-name brands.' Fancy." The can had a resealable lid, so Arthur twisted it off. It was late, but Arthur thought it wouldn't hurt to try a sip.

Arthur was ready for a strong, sharp taste and wasn't disappointed. The drink was carbonated and thick, tart at first with an aftertaste that was both perfumy and somehow rancid. The bus jolted as it hit a bump, and what was supposed to be a sip became a gulp. It burned on the way down and made Arthur's eyes water.

"Nope," said Arthur, setting the drink down. "Ugh, it's sticking in my throat."

"Can I try?" Digitalis asked. "I could drink it instead of coffee in the morning." Arthur handed him the can.

Digitalis sipped from the can and scrunched up his face. "Yeah. Nope," he agreed. "There's a can disposal by the bathrooms. We can dump it out in the sink." Since he was closer to the curtain, Arthur peeked out. The bathroom was out of order.

"Let's dump it out the window," said Arthur. "We can take it to the disposal next time you or I get up."

The window was unexpectedly heavy. Arthur couldn't hold it up and dump the bottle, so Digitalis held it. The air outside was windy and rainy, and rainwater splashed in while the liquid glugged out of the can.

They folded out the sleeping platform ten minutes later: a double bed that filled the compartment at knee height. Since they both had to step into the middle aisle briefly, Digitalis took the chance to dispose of the energy drink can.

"Have you got any more of your water?" asked Arthur, inspecting the drab gray pillows and blankets that had come with their compartment. He wasn't looking forward to falling asleep if he could: he could still taste the "Seabreeze" drink in the back of his mouth. Arthur's small bottle of water plus about a quarter of Digitalis's larger one had only diminished the perfumy aspect of the flavor, leaving him with the gassy rotted-fruit aftertaste.

"No, I recycled our water bottles with the can," Digitalis yawned, shuffling his wings together so Arthur could have more space on the bed. Arthur wanted to tell him it wasn't necessary, but it was. Arthur extended his wing in the compartment and his cramping eased. Now the only thing bothering him was his bladder; Arthur had been good about rationing his fluid intake until he'd gulped the energy drink, and his abdomen felt tight and distended.

The next waypoint was two hours later. The stop was only ten minutes, and only Digitalis left the bus to get more water. Arthur sat with his legs tightly crossed and raised the window shade to look at the scenery while Digitalis was gone. The overhead speaker had called the waypoint "Scenic Waypoint 147B-A." During the day, the scene would be bright with hardy coniferous plants and brilliant pure blues and greens of the sea. Currently, everything was just really dark except for the muted glow of the Grisderm Homeworld's twin moons, showing through a rare break in the storm clouds.

Arthur distracted himself further by resetting his watch and calculating how much time they had left. He squirmed to stimulate the pee boner in his pants while he punched the numbers in his phone's calculator. It was 11:03 at night and the waypoint schedule had projected that they would stop at 11:15. That meant they would reach their destination at-

A sudden bloom of warmth on Arthur's thigh made him clench up, careful to set his phone aside. He stiffened, breathing shallowly while stretching his wing.

"I'm back," Digitalis announced, stepping out of his flip-flops and half-crawling into the compartment. He shut the curtain and handed Arthur a bottle of water, which was pleasantly cool from the machine. The back of Arthur's mouth tasted gross and he wanted a drink, but thinking about it made his bladder strain. Outside the curtain, footsteps treaded past and the automated voice announced their imminent departure from the waypoint.

"Digit, is the bathroom working again?" Arthur asked, hoping that the bathroom had been fixed somehow during their stop at the waypoint. The chances were slim, but he'd seen stranger things happen on Grisderm transport services.

Digitalis gave him a hesitant expression and leaned out of the curtain. His face didn't change when he pulled himself back to Arthur on the mattress. "No."

"And we threw away our empty bottles, didn't we?" Arthur whispered, not wanting to be heard by the other passengers. The bus lurched to life beneath them. Arthur's concentration on holding his bladder cracked, then shattered as he toppled sideways. "No no no," Arthur gasped. He felt Digitalis's hand on his arm.

"Over here, Bear," Digitalis said quietly. He slid over to the window, keeping his wings compactly behind him, and raised the window, It was drizzling outside, and cool water droplets blew in as the bus picked up speed. Arthur scuttled over on his knees, hurriedly unzipping his jeans.

"You need to switch sides," Arthur said rapidly. "So you're upwind."

Digitalis nodded and neatly swung to the other side of the window. Arthur sprayed the windowsill before he could aim, and let his pants drop to his thighs. His dick was half hard and he stuck it out the window into the wind and rain. He almost couldn't tell he was going at first with the noise and chill from the wind until the pressure lessened. He looked down and saw that his cock was at shoulder height to Digitalis, shooting a hard stream out into the velvet darkness. It finally started to feel good, and Arthur sighed, leaning back to push his hips forward and stretching his wing.

"Thanks, Digit," Arthur breathed. It didn't sound like anyone behind them had opened their windows, and Arthur let himself relax. It crossed his mind that the window was heavy, but it wasn't that heavy, and he trusted Digitalis not to drop it on his most sensitive parts.

The cold from the passing air was starting to numb Arthur down there, so he used his hand to shield himself from the wind.

Arthur seemed to go on pissing forever. Twice, he ran his thumb over the end of his urethra to feel if he was still going. When he finished, he sat back on his haunches, enjoying the relatively warmer air on his groin and hand. Digitalis carefully lowered the window and reached up to the luggage rack to rummage through his carry-on bag.

"Do you still have that gross taste in your mouth?" Digitalis asked, handing Arthur a stack of napkins. Arthur took them and wiped the now cold drops of urine off the windowsill.

"Yeah," sighed Arthur. Digitalis used a packet of sanitizing wipes to swab the window and sill after Arthur and disposed of them in a repurposed shopping bag. Arthur used the napkin to clean himself and a wet wipe on his hands after. He zipped up feeling much better, though with the cold lingering in his crotch area.

"I also have fruit snacks in my bag if that'll help," said Digitalis, secreting the waste bag back into its pocket.

"Aren't they for your baby?" Arthur asked.

"Hydi's two, not a baby," corrected Digitalis. "And these are just the melon-flavored ones she doesn't like. There's more at home. I told Mums she could eat them, but I don't think she likes the melon either."

Arthur liked melon-flavored candy, so he took a packet of fruit snacks and lay back with Digitalis under their bus blankets. Arthur felt relaxed enough to fold his wings and give Digitalis some room for his, and the blankets were surprisingly warm. Arthur found himself starting to drift off quickly.

"Didn't you say you needed to pee too?" Arthur yawned and snuggled up to Digitalis on the mattress.

Digitalis opened his mouth to speak, yawned instead, and started over: "Yeah. I'll hold it until we get to the hotel though. It's cold and I'm cozy under here." They slept for almost six hours, waking fifteen minutes before reaching the City of Last Resort.

"I could still taste that stuff when I woke up," said Arthur. "So when we got here I tried mouthwash, coffee, and stronger coffee after that. You were there when I brushed my teeth."

"Did the melon fruit snacks help?" Millie asked, opening her first container. Arthur was chewing on his food and shook his head. "They have bitter citrus noodles here? Thanks, Digit!"

Digitalis's mouth was full too, so he gave her an emphatic nod and swallowed. "Your usual salad wraps looked iffy so I tried to pick something else you'd like. I got you a Monte Cristo too, for the protein."

"That sounds - pardon the language - fucking amazing," said Millie, digging in with her fold-out vending room cutlery. When they finished eating, they sat in the bath. The perfect cylinder of bubbles had rounded out a bit, but the water was still hot. Arthur and Digitalis rested their wings above the water, and the tops of their heads peeked out over the top. Millie was shorter, and she cleared an area of bubbles around her head so she wouldn't inhale any.

Digitalis puffed some of the bubbles out of his face with a breath. "So...what are 'bathroom buddies' exactly?" He asked, leaving the question open to the other two.

"Just two people who go out and do their uh..." Millie began.

"Bathroom functions," Arthur filled in from his mound of bubbles. "It's a safety thing on remote digs."

"When did it start?" asked Digitalis, sounding apprehensive. Under the hot water, Millie found Digitalis's knee and grasped it.

"Something like fourteen or fifteen years ago?" said Arthur. "Before Mums was born. Millie never expressed interest in a possible rendezvous, and I never asked. I still had my huge crush on Rabb back then."

Millie started, beginning with her first meeting with Arthur on their first dig on the Andyne homeworld.

*002*2024-08-14 20:31

An Unexpected Guest Part 3

July 27 

Millie stepped off the bus into the blinding sunlight, shouldering her backpack. She was 26 years old, and this was her first archaeology trip to the Haman homeworld; it was her fifth trip overall and her last as a student before graduating and qualifying as a full instructor. A gangly andyne man with black wings, dark shoulder-length hair, olive skin, and many dark freckles, drifted through the crowd of students and instructors handing out printed copies of their trip info. He had a gray, tired look and didn't even glance up when Millie plucked a copy of the trip's itinerary from the stack in his arms. With that in hand, Millie strolled up the dusty main street of the tiny podunk town, pulling out her flip phone to text her fiancee, Digitalis, and tell him she'd reached her destination safely.

With that done, Millie claimed her room in the local hotel, dropped off her bags, and left for lunch with her fellow students.

The town of Fishkill had once been a large and prosperous riverport town that sat astride the wide Lurlin River that bisected the wide pine barrens around it. At its peak three hundred years ago, Fishkill had had over four hundred thousand residents. Its most recent census only reported just under seventy residents living on its short main street and surrounding homesteads. These homesteads were often built on the same sites as older construction, and the owners would occasionally find the foundations of old buildings and artifacts. One such owner had been scouting for a place to build a shed on her property when she spotted a glimmer of blue floor tile on a cliff overlooking the river. Further surveying of the site revealed the remains of an entire settlement, which hadn't been documented on any maps. From Fishkill, the site was an additional two-hour drive over fifty miles of winding river roads.

Millie sat down at the restaurant, a small greasy diner two doors up from the hotel, with her friend Rabbiane, who was in her first year as an instructor. Rabbiane, usually known as Rabb, was a tall and slender Renoige woman. Her fur was medium length, white with ginger tabby spots, and the hair on her head had been cut into a bob that swooped up in gravity-defying curls. She wore a blue CRU hoodie that matched the reflective blue of her catlike eyes and a pair of sensible cargo shorts, under which her furry knees were visible. The gangly black-winged andyne man from earlier sat with them, his head on the table and one of his beautiful crow's wings lying behind him, draped across the back of an empty booth. Rabb introduced him as her best friend since she was five, Arthur Deepuin. Arthur gave her a half-hearted wave and a muffled, "Hi, Millie."

"Arty's just waiting for his pain meds to kick in," said Rabb. "They don't work so well in tight spaces."

The first bus ride to the dig site was an hour later. Arthur stayed behind, along with most of the students, but Rabb and Millie boarded, eager to see the dig site.

"This is about the time we should assign bathroom buddies," announced one of the other instructors, a relatively young human woman. "It's standard practice for students from Spoons U on remote digs. We're not all from Spoons or the Andyne Homeworld, but we like to keep students in groups of two for safety reasons. If you leave the dig site you must do so in pairs or groups. Your bathroom arrangements are up to you to work out, just don't let each other get lost in the wilderness."

Millie and Rabb agreed to be bathroom buddies without a second thought. The air rapidly cooled as clouds approached from the east, but hauling shovelfuls and wheelbarrows of soggy dirt had everyone sweating. Millie made a point to stay hydrated while she uncovered what she was sure was a midden and was first to approach Rabb for a bathroom break.

In the hours they'd been working, Rabb had stripped down to her bra-like chest wrap. The thinner fur on her belly revealed a slight difference between the pink skin under her orange spots, and the paler pink under her white fur.

Rabb dumped a wheelbarrow of rocky soil on a growing heap and turned to Millie before Millie could speak.

"You need to pee," said Rabb. Her ringed ankle-length tail swished behind her. The students around Rabb were a mix of fellow Renoige, Haman, and a human, and only gave Millie a cursory glance. "I have to go too."

The two women set out from the nearest game trail into the bushes. They walked until they reached a rocky ledge overlooking a bend in the river, stopping there by mutual consent. Milly squatted, and Rabb unzipped her cargo shorts, stepping downwind of Millie.

"Nice view up here," Rabb commented. "We're not the first people to pee here today."

Next to Millie, Rabb whipped out her clitoris without hesitation and waited for the urine to come. Millie, having lived in the Renoige Homeworld for years when she was younger, wasn't surprised: Renoige from the Homeworld tended to be culturally very open about urination and weren't shy about nudity. Rabb's clitoris looked a lot like a penis, with a defined glans and even a small pad of fat behind it that resembled a scrotum. Like Rabb's genitals, Millie's were typical of her species: a petite vulva with her clitoris and most of her inner lips hidden by the outer labia, covered in a thin layer of trimmed pubic hair.

Rabb let loose first, a look of concentration on her face. She held her tail stiffly behind her and gave a short sigh with her first spray of bright yellow piss. It reminded Millie of her fiance, Digitalis, and his tendency to preach the virtues of staying hydrated.

A warm drip in Millie's vulva stimulated a gush, and Millie pushed on her bladder to get an arch like Rabb's. It didn't go higher but shot out further over the drop. Rabb finished quickly, letting herself drip dry in the open air while Millie's stream hit its stride.

"Did you and your partner split?" asked Rabb. Millie noticed that Rabb was watching her pee, but didn't mind.

"How long can you smell it after someone's had sex?" Millie grunted, pushing on her bladder. Instead of making the stream harder, she sprayed onto her underwear.

"On a person, about forty-eight hours if they shower and change clothes," said Rabb. "The sweat can stay on clothes for weeks though."

"Digit and I are still together," said Millie. "We just don't really uh...have uh...traditional intercourse. He's also on a five-day security gig off-world."

"What do you mean by 'traditional intercourse?'" Rabb asked, oddly anxious.

"I mean that I like giving hand jobs," Millie said patiently. "What's this about, Rabb?"

Rabb hesitated, then blurted out, "I think I'm asexual. I remember you saying that you were and...well...is that how you make it work?"

"You mean uh..." Millie carefully stepped out of one pant leg and Rabb held an arm out to help her balance. "Thanks. You mean the hand jobs?"

Rabb nodded, unusually solemn for someone talking about hand jobs.

"Well, it varies what people are okay with," said Millie. "What works for Digitalis and I might not work for you and someone else."

An air horn blew in the distance: the five-minute warning before their bus left. Millie, one leg raised and being supported by Rabb, was still pissing. With the hand holding her pants, she tried to gather them up and dropped them instead.

"Crap," Millie hissed under her breath, trying to aim away from her pants. Rabb executed a neat little kick under Millie's arch and pushed the clothes out of the splash zone.

"We've got five minutes, Mills," said Rabb. "That's plenty of time. Relax. Even if you somehow take longer than that, I won't let them leave without us."

Millie's flow stubbornly kept going for what felt like the next hour, though Rabb's watch later confirmed it had been just under forty seconds. Millie apologized as they crossed the landowner's field to the bus, an old repurposed school bus with a smattering of other latecomers.

"No need for apologies," said Rabb. She and Millie stepped up and slid into a vacant seat near the back of the long aisle. "I'll bet you feel better after that." Millie did and nodded, blushing and bracing herself as the bus lurched into motion. "Do you think you would've been able to hold that for two hours on-" The bus bounced in a pothole. "Well, this?"

The bus to Fishkill only took about ninety minutes. Millie thought they were going suspiciously fast on the paved highway leading to Fishkill, but neither she nor anyone else mentioned it. Everybody was looking forward to their evening meals in the diner.

Millie ate with Rabb and Arthur again- 

"Wait, you're the one she talked to?" said Arthur from somewhere in the bubbles to Millie's right. "That was the night Rabb gave me a hand job!"

"Did she like it?" asked Millie. Millie felt him shift in the hot water. She couldn't quite read his tone.

"She was..." Arthur sighed. "She said she was okay with it. Not what I was hoping for, but...you know."

"I do know," said Millie. She reached in Arthur's direction to pat his knee, and her hand made contact with a part of him that wasn't his knee. Millie pulled her hand back, found Arthur's thigh, and followed that to his knee, which she squeezed in what she hoped was a reassuring manner. "Sorry. I didn't mean to grope you, Arty."

Millie couldn't see what Arthur was doing but felt him move and watched him stretch his wings up over the bubbles. "I don't mind. You can do that all you like later, maybe with Digit's help?" he yawned. "After a nap, or possibly after we talk to the other instructors."

"A nap sounds good," agreed Digitalis. "And you two still haven't told me how you two became 'bathroom buddies.'"

"That was the year after Fishkill," said Millie. 

A gust of wind jostled the airship and Millie twisted in her seat. Her bladder felt like an overfilled tire, but she didn't want to go into the bathroom. Usually, airship voyages in larger ships - this one a double-decker Andyne Kalakala model - were smooth, but the relentless desert winds made it shuddery and choppy. Several students and instructors were in the ship's limited single bathrooms with motion sickness.

This was Millie's first trip as an instructor. The excavation that year took place at the site of a 500-year-old fishing village buried in a landslide on the shores of Twin Herons Lake on the Andyne Homeworld. The remote lakeshore where the buried village had eroded out of the cliff was owned by the large and influential Nucifera family, whose flight course lodge they would be bunking in. The lodge was a ten-minute boat ride from the excavation site, which Millie found unthinkable given the scrubby expanse of desert around them.

The Kalakala's well-used intercom system blared to staticky life through the overhead speakers. "Attention passengers: descent in twenty minutes and counting. Please return to your seats for landing and disembarkation."

Millie wanted to get up and look at the lake, but she couldn't. She was afraid she might wet herself.

"Bathrooms are all clear," said Rabbiane Sylls, sitting down in the seat next to Millie. "But covered in vomit."

"Wow. Great." The resulting shudder forced a large, hot drop of piss into Millie's underwear. It felt nice in the chilly airship, but Milly pressed her thighs together harder, willing herself not to let go.

Rabb gave Millie a knowing look and Millie's stomach fluttered. It reminded her of how she felt when Digitalis, now her husband, told her he was getting desperate. "Did I tell you I've agreed to escort some students back to the CRU?"

Millie took a deep, calculated breath and contemplated using the vomit-covered airship restrooms. "No, but I saw the group text."

"That means that I won't need my towels." Rabb leaned in close to Millie. A strong urge to let go made Millie cringe away.

"Is...is that a good thing or a bad thing?" grunted Millie. "Will the towels be sad?"

"I keep them in a waterproof bag?" Rabb said slowly. Millie could tell that Rabb was trying to imply something but couldn't concentrate on anything except not wetting herself.

"That is a good idea," Millie said more loudly than she'd intended. A few people glanced their way, but the low hum of conversation around them didn't even pause. "I should get some bags like that for my swimwear."

With an exasperated snort, Rabb leaned in and whispered what she meant in Millie's ear. Millie inhaled to say, "Oh!" and Rabb held up a hand to stop her.

Rabb stood up, retrieved her bag, and held it between herself and Millie. Millie gingerly stood and lifted the towel bag from a large pocket. The towels were already in the waterproof bag, so all Millie had to do was open it and sit down. Rabb slowly raised the bag back into place, blocking Millie from view and giving her time to get comfortable. Rabb brought out one of her spare CRU hoodies and draped it over Millie's lap.

Millie had to go so badly that it was painful, but she found that she could only push out small squirts. She felt guilty about soaking Rabb's towel.

"Relax," Rabb said quietly, adjusting the hoodie on Millie's lap. "It's easier if you lean back a little."

"You've done this before," said Millie.

"Arty showed me this trick," said Rabb. "But I've used it. Try leaning into the wet spot for a few seconds. That's what I do when I'm retracted."

Millie did as Rabb suggested and pressed the scant area of warm wetness into her vulva. It stimulated a burst that Millie wasn't ready for. She had to push to keep it going, and it hurt, but it also felt good. If Millie were in the mood, she thought, she could rub on the warm, wet towel until she-

"Fifteen minutes to docking. Twin Herons Winter Eyrie."

The abrupt announcement facilitated another hot gush into the towel. Millie's heart was racing, her pulse thumping between her legs. She ignored it and sat back, breathing deeply. After a fruitless attempt to pee more, Millie pulled the bag out from under her butt and zipped the top shut. Rabb took it without hesitation.

"There's not much in here. Are you sure you don't want to keep trying? We still have about ten minutes," said Rabb while Millie pulled up her pants under the spare sweater.

Millie gulped. Her bladder still felt full and she ached to let go, but she couldn't. "It let off the worst of the pressure. I think I can hold it until we get to the flying lodge. Besides, I feel bad about wetting your towel."

Rabb bagged the waterproof bag and towels in yet another waterproof travel bag and slid it into the pocket of her pack with her spare hoodie. "It's alright. I'd much rather throw a urine-soaked towel in the wash than a damp towel I forgot at the bottom of my pack for a few weeks."

The airship landed ten minutes later.

"Take lots of pics of the site for me," said Rabb as she and Millie parted on the docking platform. "And please tell Arty I'll text him when I get to the City of Rain transit hub."

Millie didn't have time to watch Rabb reboard the airship and led a group of students to the bus terminal at the foot of the dock. Before they left, Millie bought herself a bottle of water for the bus trip. The airship had been cold, but on the ground, the heat at the edge of the desert was dry and relentless. 

###

Blurb at the bottom this time! Also someone I talked to needed clarification of what "geofizz" is. It's short for geophysics and is a method of mapping out what's under the ground to find things like walls, foundations, cavities, etc. It's used on Time Team sometimes. Also Del from Chib has been to the Twin Herons Winter Eyrie, but this story takes place about six years after Del left the WS facility, so she's not on the Andyne Homeworld at this time. 

*003*2024-08-22 22:10

An Unexpected Guest Part 4

Aug 13 

The bus was even more hot, stuffy, and stifling than Millie had anticipated, and she wished she hadn't worn her sweatshirt and long jeans. She hoped she might at least sweat out her bottle of water, drinking it with agonizing slowness on the thirty-minute bus ride, but the heat only left her sweating and needing to pee.

Millie took a head count of the students and instructors when the bus stopped at the main compound. There was some outdoor celebration going on, and Millie could see big fancy porta-potties sitting out on the lawn over the low wall. The bus stopped within sight of them. The attendant wasn't there, and the driver radioed him patiently. Millie approached her and waited for her to finish with the radio call.

"Sai uh..." the driver, a slim middle-aged human woman, glanced at Millie's nametag. "Sai Lee? What can I do for you?"

"Would it be alright if I stepped off the bus to use the porta-potties?" Millie asked, trying not to seem as desperate as she was. Just seeing the porta potties in her peripheral vision made her strained urethra quiver dangerously in anticipation.

The woman grimaced. "I um...here, let me call the main house." Idling in front of the empty kiosk, the driver leaned back in her seat and spoke into the mic. "Side Gate Three?" An angry hum of chatter replied at her earpiece. "Is it an emergency?"

Millie nodded reluctantly. "Does anyone else need to go to the bathroom?" she asked the students and instructors, only to be greeted by a disjointed chorus of "no," "we went at the bus station," "we're okay over here," "I'm fine," and one voice that announced, "I peed in a bottle!"

"Alright," Millie sighed. "It's just me. I guess-" she paused as the driver held up her hand, pressing the other to her earpiece.

"What if I had to go?" asked the driver. The earpiece replied. "So you'll let me in to use the bathroom but not her-..." The earpiece chattered again. "What does that matter?"

A knock at the window made them both jump: another human, this one nonbinary, stood in the window of the booth at the gate. Millie crossed her legs in what she hoped was an inconspicuous way while the driver opened the window.

"Sorry about him, Sai," said the human in the booth. They pushed the gate control button and it trundled open on squeaky wheels.

"My passenger still needs to use the bathroom," said the driver calmly.

"I'm alright," Millie said despite herself. "You said yourself it's only a ten-minute drive to the flight lodge. I can wait."

The driver and gate attendant exchanged glances that seemed to go on for just a beat too long. Certain humans - those who'd been selectively bred, usually by Haman corporations, or had any of those engineered humans in their ancestry - had telepathic tendencies and sometimes did this. It unnerved Millie, and she reminded herself that it was just part of how they were born.

"You sure?" asked the gate attendant.

Hoping neither of the two humans could read her mind, Millie said, "I'll just hold everyone else up. The other half of our group is waiting on us at the lodge. Thank you though," and shuffled back to her seat.

Millie regretted her decision before she sat down, though sitting made it easier to hold it. The ride to the flight lodge should've been enjoyable in the pristine deciduous forests. To Millie, it felt like hours despite staring at her watch the whole time.

The bus pulled up twelve minutes later to a long, steep walkway. Millie waited another minute and a half to disembark behind the students and other instructors.

"When you get to the main room, the restrooms are off to the left," the driver told Millie sympathetically. Millie thanked her, knowing that she wouldn't make it that far.

Millie listened to the bus driving away and hauled her bags about halfway up the walkway before dropping them and sprinting toward the trees. 

Arthur strolled out the back door of the flight lodge. The main lodge facility was large and airy, constructed from stone and decorative but sturdy Redwater medicine tree wood. There were sixteen dorm-style rooms and nine combination bathroom/shower stalls, radiating off the big main room in four spokes. The basement contained an industrial-sized kitchen and the human staff quarters.

In the main room, Arthur had supervised some students who'd wanted to build a fire in the gigantic freestanding fireplace. Once the fire was lit and students and instructors sat around it, Arthur decided to explore the grounds.

Outside, a pleasantly cool breeze from the lake cut through the oppressive summer heat. Arthur wore a pair of swim trunks and a CRU Disco Dino tank top that showed off his heavily freckled arms and shoulders. The balcony had a wide view of the lake and a long field where beginners could practice their flying. Arthur contemplated giving it a go before his bad wing responded with a dull twinge of pain.

"Oh, alright." Arthur snorted to himself.

Arthur descended the outdoor stairs and followed a trail around the shower/bathroom arm of the building. He looked at the high horizontal windows. Steam streamed out of one where someone was showering. He stared at the steam as he walked, billowing almost invisibly into the bright sky, and contemplated taking a shower after-

"Watch out!" 

Millie unzipped her oversized jeans as she rounded the building. She clenched up even though it was painful.

"Almost there, almost there, almost there..." she breathed to herself. Millie stopped in an isolated clearing where the building's windows were high off the ground, and no one could look out on her. She dropped into a squat, yanking her pants out of the way, and relaxed. At first, what came out was a half-hearted drip. Millie had been expecting that after working hard to hold it for so long and sat back on her haunches, opening the lips of her vulva to aim the coming burst of pressure once she unclenched and fully let go. 

Millie's body finally began to loosen and she stuck out her hips. The warmth welled up in her vulva, and that was when Arthur stepped out of the trees, obliviously staring up at the narrow horizontal windows on the building.

"Watch out!" Millie's exclamation froze Arthur in his tracks and he stopped directly in front of her, his eyes wide like an animal caught in the headlights. Millie couldn't help a grunt of relief as her bladder released.

"Millie?" Arthur said dumbly. The first spray caught his legs and he finally moved when the stream reached the height of his pockets: he hastily switched his phone to his dry side and stood next to Millie. "Did you just get here?"

"Yeah. Sorry about that," Millie grunted. Part of her wanted to stop, but she couldn't.

"It'll dry. These are swim shorts," said Arthur, his face turning pink under his freckles. "Would you mind if I peed here? Seeing you is making me need to go."

Millie's arc weakened and turned into a wide spray. "Go ahead."

Arthur pulled down the front of his shorts and let loose, stretching his legs and wings. Millie wasn't surprised about how big he was down there: Millie and Rabb had caught him pissing by himself several times on the Fishkill dig, for which Rabb had told him off while she and Millie pissed next to him. "Were the bathrooms at the station out of order again?" Arthur asked casually.

"I didn't even think of that," sighed Millie. A breeze cooled her sweaty legs. She'd been so busy trying not to wet herself that she hadn't noticed how sweaty she was. The sweater and jeans had been a good choice for the chilly airship ride, but not for the bus ride. "Rabb and I did the final sweep of the airship to save time, but we stood around and talked before she left."

"I got her text," Arthur said. "She said some students got sick."

Millie's flow slowed to a slow, stubborn stream. It looked like she was almost finished, and she knew it would trickle steadily for what felt like ages, but would only be ten to fifteen seconds.

"I um...might take a while. If you finish first, you don't have to stay," said Arthur preemptively. "Have you checked in with the other instructors yet?"

Millie heaved a deep sigh, shaking her head. "No, no, I'd like an excuse to sit here longer. Take your time. I'll check in once I've hauled my luggage inside and found my room." Millie slowed to a drip and shifted to sit comfortably on her haunches.

"Instructors are in the basement staff quarters," said Arthur. "Did you leave the luggage by the front door?"

"I left it halfway up the path. I couldn't hold it."

Arthur glanced at the puddle Millie had left on the dry ground. "You got halfway up the path holding all that *and* your stuff? Phew. How bad were the bathrooms in the airship?"

Millie found that she was finished and stood up to stretch. "How much did Rabb tell you?"

Arthur's flow was slowing, and he stretched his wings again. His bad one twitched and he lowered them carefully. "Well she couldn't legally say anything about the students, but she said the bathroom corridor on the airship smelled like vomit."

"I couldn't bring myself to look inside any of the bathrooms," said Millie, nodding. "I'm a sympathetic puker and I would've just wet my pants if I did anyway."

"And you were that desperate the whole time?" Arthur asked, concerned.

"I used the bathroom before we left," Millie said. "I did get desperate later, but Rabb noticed and let me um..." She blushed, recalling how the warm, wet towel had felt against her- "She let me use her waterproof towel bag," she said quickly.

"I taught her that," Arthur said, somewhat proudly. He finished and shook off, and helped Millie to her feet before zipping up himself. "I'll help you with your stuff. We may have the staff quarters, but we each get our own rooms."

Millie's backpack and duffel bag weren't that heavy, but Arthur insisted on taking one. The door to the basement wing was off the main room, where they met the instructor checking people in, an older Renoige man with long, elegant dappled fur, dressed in a traditional waist wrap. The nametag he wore on his CSU (City of Stone University) lanyard read: "Sulla."

"There you are, Mrs. Lee," said Sulla in his low-pitched voice and slow, rolling cadence. He ticked his clipboard. "You're in room C, across from Mr. Deepuin here." Arthur nodded in agreement. "Are you two bathroom buddies now?" Sulla looked at them hopefully. "That would save me a lot of trouble. You do need one since Ms. Sylls went back." He twitched his knee-length tail behind him in a manner reminiscent of Rabb when she was unsure.

"How did you-..." Millie trailed off lamely. "Oh yeah. You can smell...uh...that stuff. Sorry."

Sulla sighed and gave Millie a Dorothy Zbornak look with his lamplike orange eyes.

The three stood awkwardly in the main room for a long moment while students and instructors milled around them, most focusing on the roaring fire in the fancy indoor firepit.

"Well?" Sulla said at last while another instructor told a student not to throw paper airplanes into the fire.

"Aren't instructors not supposed to be bathroom buddies?" asked Millie. "Because that means two instructors leaving instead of one?"

Sulla shook his head. "I'll take what I can get with Mr. Deepuin. If you catch him sneaking off by himself, inform me or leave me a note. It's a safety issue and if he disregards it again, he's on probation." 

"What was that about?" Millie asked on the way down the stairs when Sulla was out of earshot.

"People complain that I take too long," said Arthur. "Sometimes I have to take different pain meds when I'm off-world, and those make me pee more. People get impatient when I take two minutes every single time I pee, and I find it easier to sneak off when I need to go. I still go with them: I keep my back turned and ensure they don't get lost or eaten, so I'm not sure why there's a problem." They entered a large kitchen where their voices bounced off the gleaming tiled walls.

"Well, they're responsible for your safety too, Arthur," said Millie. "If you disappear they'll be blamed for it first."

"I know about that," said Arthur, squirming. "But..."

Millie glared sternly up at Arthur as they walked. "Butts are for pooping. If you disappear on me I'll inform Sulla or whoever. You're Rabb's best friend, and I don't want to have to call her and tell her that I lost you in the wilderness if you do go tumbling off a cliff." The two continued down a hallway off the kitchen.

"Out here I'd be eaten by the giant wading birds," said Arthur, trying to lighten the tone. It didn't work, but Millie's expression softened a bit.

"Just don't, alright?" said Millie. "The longer you take to pee, the longer the break we get from hauling dirt and equipment." Millie saw the "C" plaque next to her room and opened the door. Her room was spacious and furnished in a calm gray-blue with two beds flanking a wide window with a view of the water. Millie picked the bed on the right side, and she and Arthur set her bags there.

"You can see the site from here," Arthur said, pulling back the curtain and looking out. Millie came over and squinted past the brilliant sparkling waves to an opposite shore at a cluster of blue and white tarpaulin-covered structures. "There's a better view from upstairs, though," he added.

"Let's go up and have a look, then," said Millie, sidestepping Arthur's twitching bad wing to get to her bed. She dug her binoculars out of her backpack and led the way upstairs. 

"So you *have* marked him?" Digitalis asked timidly. The bubbles had dissipated, and Millie could see him and Arthur over the steaming bath water.

"No, Digit," said Millie. "Marking is intentional."

Arthur interjected, "And Sulla would've been able to tell. Your mood affects the smell of your urine, and Renoige people are um..." He blushed. "They're good at uh...discerning that stuff. Rabb says that no matter what species someone is, the easiest things to smell in their urine are when they're desperate to pee, sick, or horny."

"I was a little horny," admitted Millie.

"It was unrelated to you peeing on me though," Arthur laughed. "Sulla could probably smell that too."

Millie stood up, stretching. "Are you froods hoopy?" she yawned. She noticed that both Digitalis and Arthur were checking out her body and didn't mind, but didn't linger after she stretched: she was ready to finish her nap.

"Yeah. We know where our towels are," Digitalis replied, then yawned. He and Arthur stood up, and Arthur flipped the drain switch on the bathtub.

Millie brushed her teeth with her towel draped around her shoulders while Digitalis and Arthur dried off. Digitalis was unusually quiet, and when Millie caught glimpses of him in the mirror, he looked oddly blank. Having been married to him for fifteen years, Millie knew that look. She finished brushing her teeth and followed him into the bedroom of their suite.

Digitalis sat cross-legged on his bed, reading a book titled, "I Left My Cowboy Vampire Boyfriend For a Werewolf Astronaut."

"Are you alright, Digit?" Millie asked, sitting on the bed. Arthur entered, his hair freshly braided for sleeping. He sat down on his side of the bed and put a hand on Digitalis's knee.

"I think I'm feeling a bit..." Digitalis put down his book. "Left out, maybe."

"Next time, let's tell Arty about the first time *we* saw each other naked," Millie stood up and leaned over to kiss him on the forehead.

"That sounds good," Digitalis said, lying down with Arthur. "But let's make it after the faculty meeting."

"Agreed," said Millie, turning out the light. "Have a good nap, you two."

Millie shut the bedroom door behind her, closed the thick curtains against the gray midday light, and happily plopped down on the couch bed. 

###

I date when I start these things and decided not to take it out this time. In the process of researching for this I learned of "salmiak" (salted licorice - a Finnish cat mutation that looks like the equine roan pattern) colored cats. I didn't use it for Sulla but I'll probably use it for Alvin's husband elsewhere. Sulla is how I thought "Sala" was spelled; I tried to name him for the character actor from Lord of the Rings who headbutted Orlando Bloom that one time. 

*004*2024-08-24 02:33

I don't have the motivation to wire up the tablet, so I colored a pencil sketch of Millie from my sketchbook with the mouse instead. 

&&

*005*2024-08-31 08:15

An Unexpected Guest Pt. 5

August 22 

Millie awoke to someone nudging her shoulder. It was Arthur, and the clock on the wall behind him said it was almost six in the evening. She could smell fresh coffee.

"Mills?" Arthur yawned. "We're meeting the other instructors in fifteen minutes."

Digitalis left the room with Millie and Arthur, breaking off from their small group when they reached the vending room.

"Text me when the meeting is over, alright?" said Digitalis, stopping to kiss Arthur. "I'll start on the food." He hugged Millie - she wasn't in the mood for kisses - and Arthur led Millie to the hotel's main lobby. From there, they met with Keyana and the three ventured down a darkened corridor without power to a wide room with plush furniture. It had a gas fireplace, around which the faculty members sat. The lounge had a picture window that gave their party a wide view of the darkening blustery evening outside. It was only six o'clock, but it was so dark that Millie thought it felt much later. She and Arthur sat together in the semicircle of warmth cast by the fireplace and waited for the meeting to begin.

After a long discussion, the group voted to meet again in two days. Half of the instructors wanted to try a new site on Blue Island, and the two supervising the geofizz crew wanted to redo about a third of their surveys.

"Well, if the weather stays cold and rainy I won't be going out," said Arthur on the walk to their room. "I'm still sore from the bus ride here."

"Are your meds working?" Millie asked. She thought about the food Digitalis had gotten and her stomach growled.

"Not as well as they could. I have..." They stopped at the door and Arthur rooted through his robe pockets for his key card. "I still have the off-world stuff I got when we went on that dig in Ud...I think six years ago, now?"

"You mean it's not expired?" said Millie skeptically.

"Nope. It has a ten-year shelf life and it's safe to use with my usual meds," said Arthur. Digitalis opened the door as Arthur raised the key card.

"I thought I heard you," he said, stepping aside to let Millie and Arthur in. "Food is almost ready. How'd it go?"

They ate sitting on the couch bed, talking while the Grisderm Homeworld weather channel showed the storm's progress on the muted television.

"So," said Arthur, sipping his tea. His lemongrass noodles sat cooling on the hotel room's bureau by the microwave. "Did you say you first saw each other naked before you were together? How did that happen?"

Millie shared a glance with Digitalis.

"It's almost like this is a vehicle for themed short stories," Millie commented. "Digit, you prepared lunch so I'll start." 

Millie flopped back on her bed, regretting it immediately when she felt how sweaty she was. She'd just moved into her dormitory and spent six hours assembling and hauling around heavy furniture, making her bed, arranging her papers, setting up her school workstation, and before that, cleaning. A flyer folded on her desk advertised a school New Year's celebration with some questionable word capitalization: "NEW YEAR 56! The CRU welcomes students and the public to Our Yearly Celebration! Eat food! Festive beverages! Make Friends!"

The display on Millie's alarm clock read 19:37. There was still plenty of time to go, Millie supposed, but she'd never had much interest in large celebrations. She glared at the flyer, grabbed her water bottle from the desk, and chugged half of it. The cold water felt good on her dry throat, and she drained the bottle.

"I'll go to the party if I'm feeling like it after a shower," Millie told herself aloud, stood up, slung some dry clothes and a towel over her shoulder, and retrieved her shower things. She refilled her water bottle on the walk to her floor's showers. Millie drank more water and topped up her bottle when she left. She'd need to pee soon, but she would be in the shower so that was okay-

The door to the showers was closed and locked with a chain and padlock. A highlighter green piece of paper labeled the showers as: "CLOSED FOR BREAK. USE FIRST FLOOR SHOWERS." 

On the opposite side of the City of Rain University campus, Digitalis wandered through the crowded common building. Outside, stalls selling festival food had been set up.

Digitalis wasn't staying at the CRU: his family owned an apartment building in the city. Though Digitalis couldn't inherit the family name, he was eligible to live there basically for free. Since the building wasn't on the Andyne Homeworld, there weren't even any differences between the legitimate and illegitimate members' apartments.

The apartment was nice; about average for a new-ish building in a large Grisderm Homeworld city. At the moment, it was sparsely furnished: Digitalis was eighteen and had just moved out of his mother's compound for the first time.

The day before, Digitalis had checked his post box in the ground floor lobby when he found a flyer advertising a New Year's Eve celebration on campus. He knew that other members of his extended Liliaceae family would be celebrating and he might even be able to get into some of those parties, but he didn't want to. He'd been to them before and they were almost as boring and long-winded as all this plot exposition.

What convinced Digitalis to attend the campus celebration from the flyer was "Make Friends!" Aside from his regular weekly calls with his father, he hadn't spoken to anyone in the past week and a half except utility service providers and his apartment's management.

Digitalis left the common building and bought several plates of food and a tall drink from an Andyne stall that had had to check his ID to sell him the drink. It was about seven-thirty and he'd had an early lunch, so he finished everything before eight, even the andyne drink, which he'd ordered at one-quarter strength to keep himself from needing to pee right away afterward.

The people at the celebration were friendly enough, though Digitalis didn't have the guts to exchange much more than passing conversations and greetings. The drink made him a little dizzy, so he set off to find a quiet place to sit until he was either ready to rejoin the celebration or go home.

Digitalis noticed a stream of people trickling out of the common building and moving toward another building and followed them. He split off from the others where they turned to fill what looked like a lecture auditorium and plodded down the empty hallway, which was comfortingly still and smelled of printer paper and ink. 

Millie found the first-floor women's showers locked. Undeterred, she tried the men's showers next door: the door was unlocked and she pushed it open to find the room empty and quiet.

"Hello?" Millie called. "Anyone in here?" There was no response, but she checked the shower stalls just in case. All were open and dry. Before choosing her stall she noticed a second entrance on the far end of the room and supposed that the women's might have a similar entrance which might be unlocked, but she felt gross and didn't want to wait any longer for a shower.

The water took about thirty seconds to warm up, and never quite got above lukewarm, so Millie washed off in mostly-cold water. 

Digitalis found a stairwell and followed it to the top floor. The Andyne drink was making him thirsty despite his full bladder. Once on the top floor, Digitalis peeked down the hallway and saw a drinking fountain. He exited the stairwell, letting the door swing shut behind him, and took a long drink of water. It was cool and refreshing and didn't make his bladder throb like he'd feared it might.

"I knew it," Digitalis scoffed to himself. It wasn't an emergency yet. He'd passed some open bathrooms on the first floor, so he returned to the stairwell. When he pulled on the handle, it didn't budge.

"Locked," sighed Digitalis. He stepped back and stretched his wings: he'd glide down if he had to and hoped that his t-shirt, plain blue sweater, and jeans would be warm enough in the winter weather.

There was a rooftop outdoor sitting area, and Digitalis wandered the hallways searching for the door that led to it. He tried the bathrooms he passed and found them locked, then tried other doors. The only unlocked doors were a broom closet, empty except for a wet floor sign, and a classroom strewn with the remains of confetti. The obvious choice, he thought as he left the classroom, was to use the broom closet. It even had a wet floor sign-

Digitalis turned the corner and saw what he was looking for: "ROOF ACCESS." He let himself out into the cold night air. Over the brick railings, Digitalis realized he could see the entire campus, both the lively noises and sparkling lights of the commons building and the well-lit but deserted walkways and quadrangles leading to the academic buildings and student dormitories. There were trees, but he thought it would be a clear path to glide.

"If I can get a little height, I can probably glide home," Digitalis told himself as he approached the railing. He heard the voice of his former flight instructor, a third or fourth cousin from his mother's home compound named Delphinium.

"This is too low to go that far," said Del's voice. Remembering it made Digitalis's stomach twist: Del had been dead for about two and a half years. Digitalis didn't want to think about it, so he climbed up onto the railing, stretched his wings, and hopped into the air. The wind caught his wings, and he skimmed the tops of the skeletal winter trees next to the student building. The cold seeped through his clothing like water while he thought he heard the partygoers whooping at him over the howl of the wind. Buoyed, Digitalis flapped his wings and gained a little height. Maybe he could go even further, he thought, curving around a dormitory building and into the branches of a tall tree.

The next ten seconds were a disjointed blur: Digitalis dropped through the tree's branches, his clothes ripping and pulling, his shirt pulling up and tangling the wing straps tightly in his feathers. Near the bottom, his jeans pulled off, taking his briefs with them. He regained his balance somehow and landed heavily on his feet at the tree's base. His landing reflex kicked in when he hit the ground, inching slowly but unstoppably up his legs. There was an entrance to the dormitory building nearby. Digitalis ran for it, desperately hoping that no one could see him.

The door to the front lobby stood open, and the interior was only slightly warmer than the outside. Conveniently, the first door Digitalis spotted in the hallway was the men's showers. He blundered in, his dick still shrinking from the cold even as his bladder slowly let go. One of the shower stalls was in use, and Digitalis reassured himself that at least it was the men's showers. He skidded to a stop at the closest floor drain - which happened to be next to the occupied shower - just in time to overflow on the tile. Digitalis successfully suppressed a moan but couldn't stop his urine from slapping and splashing on the hard floor.

The curtain in the shower stall twitched aside. Digitalis took a breath to apologize and noticed a feminine face leaning out. The person was Haman and petite, with long brown hair in a damp braid over one shoulder.

"Are you okay?" asked the young woman in the shower stall. Her pretty blue eyes looked him up and down while he stood voiding his bladder. Her gaze lingered on his shoes, which were still securely on his feet.

"Isn't this the men's showers?" Digitalis asked in a small voice.

"It is. The women's showers are locked," said the woman, unbothered. "Here, let me rephrase my question: do you need help?"

Digitalis wanted to say no, but he couldn't move his arms without pulling painfully on his feathers. "Yes. Please."

The young woman stepped out of the shower, naked, and walked around him slowly, giving his front a wide berth while he was still relieving himself. "How did this happen?"

"I um...flew into a tree," said Digitalis. "And then I tripped my landing reflex. It was an accident."

"I see," said the young woman, stepping behind him. She untwisted the feathers from Digitalis's shirt and tried to free his arm, but the fabric was too tight.

"We might have to cut it with scissors," said the young woman.

"You have scissors? In the shower?" His flow was slowing, and the shower room was chilly.

"Just a minute. When you uh..." She looked down as he stopped and let out another squirt. "When you're done with that, sit on the bench." The young woman's footsteps retreated to the door.

"You're going out there naked?" Digitalis asked over his shoulder.

"I'll be quick," she said, slipping out the door.

Digitalis finished and carefully lowered himself onto the benches that ran down the center of the shower room. His chest and arms were alternately sore and going numb in places, but with his feathers freed and his bladder emptied, he felt much better. The young woman promptly returned to the showers with scissors labeled "FRONT LOBBY DO NOT TAKE" on the handle in marker.

"I'm sorry to do this," she said, stepping behind Digitalis and surveying the fabric.

"Don't be," said Digitalis, breathing slowly. "I felt them rip when I fell."

Digitalis felt pressure as the shirts were pulled tight at his shoulders and listened to the scissors swishing until the fabric slackened. His arms fell to his sides a long moment later, followed by the young woman easing the rest of the tangle off over his head with her small, deft hands. She cut through more to get it off his wing while he tried to rub the circulation back into his arms.

"Alright, Daffodil. Where are your pants?" asked the young woman, gathering the tangled shirts in her hands. She handed them to Digitalis, who set them in his lap.

"Still in the tree, I think," said Digitalis, not bothering to correct her; he had mixed feelings toward the nickname itself, but it was nice to be talking to someone and he didn't want to ruin it. As if he hadn't ruined it by running inside half-naked and pissing in front of her, he thought. He recalled the celebration flyer again - "Make Friends!" - and sighed.

A hand tapped Digitalis's shoulder, and he looked up at the young woman, who gave him her towel. "You can use my towel until we get your pants back. " She strode back to her shower stall and dressed behind the curtain, emerging with her shower bag over her shoulder and wearing a new CRU Disco Dinos tank top and a striped pair of pajama shorts.

Digitalis tied the towel around his waist and dropped his shirts in the waste bin on his way out, following the young woman.

"Hey um..." Digitalis realized he still didn't know the young woman's name.

"Hold up," the young woman stopped at the front desk and looked at Digitalis's midsection. He was freezing and knew he wasn't hard, but he couldn't help blushing. The tree had left a long scratch across his side, ending directly below his navel. Digitalis bit the inside of his lip to hide his relief that he wasn't currently embarrassing himself.

"Stay there. I'm gonna put the scissors back and grab some antiseptic wipes," said the young woman, striding confidently around the desk. She poked through the doors like she owned the place, Digitalis thought with some admiration. The thought of going behind a desk like that made him nervous.

The antiseptic wipes were mercifully painless but cold. The door to the outside was still ajar, and they could both see their breath.

Digitalis's pants hung from the tree at chest height, his wallet, phone, and pocket change strewn on the ground underneath. One leg had a large hole in the back of the knee, but they were wearable. Digitalis pulled them on under the tree, turning away from the young woman briefly while he zipped up and untied the towel.

"Thank you so much," Digitalis said, handing the young woman her towel. Her cheeks and the tips of her ears were pink in the cold, standing out in the pale outdoor lights. "I'm Digitalis. I'm starting the Physical Professions program next semester." He held out his hand to touch palms with the young woman and his heart skipped a beat when her hand touched his.

"I'm Millicent Lee, Millie for short," replied the young woman, her face turning pinker. "Archaeology major, transferred from Spoons on the Andyne Homeworld. Do you live in the dorms or are you here for the party in the commons?" 

"And that was how you met?" said Arthur through a mouthful of noodles. Behind him, the television display switched to a commercial for specialized pen lanyards. The screen turned black and white as the commercial actress lost a pen under a chair. "How did I not know this? And what about all the water you drank, Millie?"

Millie took a drink of her tea. "We agreed to lie and say we met at the New Year celebration. And I'll get to that." 

###

Next is Millie's pov I think. 

*006*2024-09-30 21:38

An Unexpected Guest Pt 5

Aug 31 

Cold and lukewarm water cascaded down Millie's body under the shower. Part of her wanted to pee down her legs for the warmth, but she knew she'd only feel colder after that rinsed away, so she held it and stepped out of the shower to squeeze out, brush, and braid her waist-length hair. Millie was building up the motivation to step under the water for a final cold body rinse when the door to the showers slammed open and footsteps shuffled across the tile, stopping near the curtained door to her shower stall. Millie padded through the shower stall's attached changing area to peek out.

A young Andyne man stood over the drain almost directly outside Millie's shower stall, naked from the chest down. It took her a moment to figure out what she was looking at: the man's arms and bluejay wings had been twisted tightly around his shoulders in what Millie guessed was his shirt. His pants and underwear were gone, but he had his shoes on and a long scratch stretched from his side to just beneath his navel. Millie noted that the young man was circumcised as his bladder let go. The splashing and slapping on the tile was loud enough to compete with that from Millie's still-running shower, but Millie could hear the small distressed noises he was making in his throat. She shifted her gaze to his face: he was pale despite a faint winter tan, with a short mop of wavy light blue hair and strange pupilless amber eyes, which met hers. He inhaled to speak and stopped, holding his breath and staring at her open-mouthed while he pissed on the floor.

"Are you okay?" she asked, looking him over a second time and trying to puzzle out what might've happened.

"Isn't this the men's shower?" the young man - Millie inwardly thought of him as "Daffodil" because of his blue hair - asked weakly.

"It is," Millie conceded. "The women's showers are locked. Here, let me rephrase my question: do you need help?"

Daffodil did need help. He told Millie he'd been gliding outside and crashed into the branches of a tree, and an abrupt landing on the ground had triggered his "landing reflex," which was why he was currently peeing on the floor. Millie hadn't taken Interspec Bio since secondary school, so she temporarily took his word for it and made a mental note to read up on it later.

Millie freed Daffodil's feathers first, having difficulty reaching up because Daffodil was a head taller than her. She wanted to ask him to sit but decided to wait until after he finished relieving himself. In the meantime, she hurried out to borrow a pair of scissors from the dormitory building's deserted front desk. It occurred to her about halfway back that she should've grabbed the first aid kit too, but figured she'd get it when she returned the scissors. She'd chosen the pair labeled "DO NOT TAKE" hoping that meant they were sharp.

When Millie entered the showers, Daffodil sat on the bench where she'd asked him to. She felt bad about cutting his clothes, but Daffodil reassured her that they'd ripped in the fall through the tree.

Millie finally slipped and called him "Daffodil" aloud when she asked where his pants were. He didn't correct her and she tried to hide her embarrassment by retreating to her shower stall to put on her pajamas.

The two finally introduced themselves after Daffodil, whose real name was Digitalis, had put on his torn but wearable jeans outside, where they'd found them hanging from a tree. He offered to buy Millie some food to thank her and she accepted.

"I just need to put my shower bag back in my room first," said Millie.

Millie led Digitalis back into the dormitory building to an elevator. It was small and cramped, and Digitalis wedged his wings compactly in the corner.

"Millie, is there hot water in the showers?" Digitalis asked. Both of them were shivering.

"No," Millie sighed and pushed the button for her floor.

"Darn," said Digitalis.

Millie snorted, "Tell me about it. I don't have any coats that would go over your wings, but I have some blankets."

The elevator reached Millie's floor. Millie's room was just around the corner, and Digitalis made to stand respectfully outside, but Millie held the door open.

"Come in. We can tape up your pants before we go."

Digitalis sat awkwardly on the bed and used a roll of packing tape to patch the tear in his pants. Millie helped once she'd shrugged on her coat, and once that was secure, she gave Digitalis a fuzzy blue blanket patterned with yellow ducklings to act as a shawl until he could buy a hoodie in the commons building.

"I'll sew it up when I get back to my apartment," said Digitalis, slowing his pace on the freezing walkway to stay alongside Millie.

The front of the commons building was flanked by what looked like decorative metal palm trees, radiating heat for the various outdoor vendors and celebration attendees.

"You don't have to buy me food," said Millie as they passed the short avenue of faux trees, slowing down to soak up the warmth. "Now that I'm thinking about it, I want to splurge and get a lot so I have leftovers in my fridge while the caff is closed on break. Also, I'm suddenly starving and might eat it all anyway." Millie's stomach growled. Her bladder was getting urgently full, but her hunger drowned it out in the face of the aromas of fried food, burnt sugar, and spices emanating from the commons building. The smell only got stronger as they crossed the threshold into the relative heat and light of the crowded cafeteria.

"I'll buy," Digitalis insisted. "If it weren't for you I'd either be crying in the security office or crying while getting arrested for streaking right now."

"I don't think you'd get arrested," said Millie. "How's that scratch on your side, by the way?"

"It stings when I twist too much, but I did it to myself so I can't complain," Digitalis laughed. "Don't feel bad about splurging though. Really."

Millie couldn't decide which food stand she wanted to eat at, so she went with Digitalis to the student bookstore, which also sold clothing for the New Year celebration. Digitalis picked out a Disco Dino Andyne-cut sports tank top and a bright purple "NEW YEAR '56" hoodie to go over it. He bought Millie a hoodie as well, and she opted for the same bright purple as Digitalis.

Digitalis had his heart set on Renoige sticky sweet rice for what he called his "emotional support carbs" and Millie got a family meal. The tables in the caff were either full or had sugary New Year drinks spilled all over them, and Digitalis suggested that they go to another of the buildings. Millie followed him. They carried their food to one of the larger buildings where a professor was hosting people in one of the lecture halls. Digitalis bypassed that hallway and paused to pick up a stray doorstop before stopping at the stairwell.

"Where are we going, exactly?" Millie asked Digitalis.

"There's a rooftop sitting area," said Digitalis, taking a sip of the ice water he'd gotten with his order of sticky rice. "It's where I flew from before I...um...crashed."

Millie glanced a bit further up the hall. "Can we use the elevator?"

The elevator was compact, but not so much that Digitalis couldn't relax his wings. Its doors opened on the top floor to a glass breezeway that connected the outdoor seating area and the indoor hallways.

"How did I miss this?" said Digitalis, stepping out after Millie. Millie stepped forward and tested the door to the darkened hallway. It was locked.

"What a weird place to have a breezeway," Millie commented, holding the outside door for Digitalis. He propped the door open with the doorstop before continuing to the seating area. This area was at the opposite end of the building from where Digitalis had glided from the roof, and the view was of the celebration at the front of the commons building. Millie and Digitalis chose a picnic table overlooking it and started eating. Their hoodies were warm enough in the cold with the hot food, and the thumping bass from a speaker somewhere below seemed to punctuate their conversation.

While they spoke, Millie learned that Digitalis lived off-campus, about twelve blocks away. He was half-human, and so hadn't inherited his family name despite one of his parents being a full member. Millie didn't ask which out of politeness; she'd mostly known off-world Andynes growing up and didn't want to ask in case it was considered rude.

Somehow, the conversation veered to sewing again, and Digitalis began expounding on the difference between certain types of stitches and which sewing machines lasted the longest without needing repairs. Millie tried her best to listen, but she found herself focusing on squeezing her legs together. Her urethra throbbed warmly and she clenched up, glancing around frantically. Part of her wanted to pee off the roof, but the celebration below was in full swing and the railing was too high anyway. The seating area had about a dozen ornamental planters with native bushes and trees, somehow still leafy in the middle of winter.

"Hold on, Digit," Millie said, sounding shockingly calmer than she was, and gingerly removed herself from the bench, trying not to bend unnecessarily and compress her bladder.

"What's wrong?" Digitalis stood up and mortifyingly, followed Millie around the side of the nearest planter. The naked concern on his face only made it more embarrassing, but she'd waited too long and couldn't stop what was coming. 

Arthur snorted to Millie, "That does sound like you." He turned to Digitalis. "Rabb and I tell her off for it at least once every trip."

"Not this trip, though," Millie said primly and sipped her tea. Talking had dried out her throat, and she still had her dessert: a pancake wrapping a cube of purple sweet potato jelly.

"Only because Rabb isn't here this time to tell you off," Arthur pointed out.

"What's she doing for winter break, anyway?" asked Millie. "I haven't checked my e-mail yet."

"Visiting Saoirse in...what was the place called, Digit?" Arthur asked Digitalis. "The place she called us from a few weeks ago?"

"Mums said Saoirse called us from a city called 'Nilbog,'" said Digitalis, sitting back on the couch bed. "I remembered it because it's the word 'goblin' backwards."

"She's staying with her mysterious partner right now, a ways south of that communication hub," Arthur explained. "I don't remember what Sersh asked about, but I got to speak to the wonderful green-haired lady she's always gushing over during summer digs after she's had a few beers. It makes me feel special, knowing that I got to talk to her first...We're getting off-topic, though."

Digitalis, who'd finished his dinner and dessert in the time Millie had been talking, continued the story of how he and Millie met while Millie unwrapped her pancake. 

###

Leaving in the error. This is really part 6 but I've spent a month writing part five. Whoops. Also I forgot what Saoirse was asking Arthur about. Something about Ud and the World Sleepers facility or something plot-y. I need to go back and read my own work. I listen to audiobooks at work - it's a great way to discover Discworld - and a few popular authors tend to have wobbly timelines, which makes me cringe. I should probably go back and re-read stuff to avoid that. 
