Chloe from the fairy odd parents omorashi

Author: animepee1234

*000*2017-08-06 23:31

Chloe woke up one morning ready to go camping with the squirly scouts. Before she went she had breakfest and drank a hole bottle of water. She went over to Timmys and they walked to the bus and started to drive to the camp site. About twenty minutes into the drive Chloe was feeling quite thirsty, so she took out another bottle of water that she packed and started to drink it. Another twenty minutes passed by then Chloe was starting to feel desperate. She asked the bus driver "How much longer till we get to the camp site?" The bus driver replied in another hour and a half.

Chloe thought to herself "I can make it another hour and a half". Thirty minutes pass by and Chloe is starting to squirm in her seat trying her best to hold the pee in. Timmy asks "Chloe are you ok? ". Chloe stuttered "Ye-Yeah I'm fine." Timmy shrugged and continued to stare out the window. Thirty minutes later Chloe thinks to herself "I-I cant make it I need to go now". Then they turn into a bumpy road and then a huge bumb comes up and Chloe screams. Timmy again asked "Chloe are you ok?" She stuttered "I-I-I'm f-f-f-fine." Thirty minutes later they arrive at the camp site. Chloe rushes off the bus to a bathroom sign that read "Bathrooms one 1 mile". Chloe started to squeeze her vagina trying to hold it in. She rushes over to Mr.Turner and asks "Can we go to the bathrooms ?" He said "Sure!" So they start to walk the mile.

(Half a mile later)

Chloe with each step is growing more and more desperate to pee. Then they all stop to a fallen tree on the trail. A sign reads "Fallen tree bathrooms another mile sorry for the inconveniences" pointing to the left. Chloe started to cross her legs and squeeze her vagina even harder. They all turn and start heading to the left trail.

(One mile later)

Chloe sees the bathrooms in the distance and rushes over to then but then sees a sign that reads "Bathrooms Closed" She moaned and started to jump up and down while squeezing her vagina and crossing her legs. Then... She started to blush and tear up while warm pee dripped down her legs and formed a dark spot on her squirly suit, and a puddle started to form around her. She couldn't believe it... she'd just wet herself.

