Too shy to speak up [fake experience]

Author: Apan

*000*2023-12-10 19:05

Here's another one that I made up for @Kayn that I thought would be fit for the forum. Another minor story, this time in the style of an experience by the female author, based on an old Wetset forum entry but elaborated on and altered slightly in terms of the outcome. It's told from the POV of the lady in question.

###

I'm a 26 year old woman who works at a consultant firm as a business advisor and have been there for about a year now. I'd like to think of myself as ambitious and I take my profession very seriously and so far I'm doing just fine there. On the other hand, I am a rather shy and reserved person, especially amongst strangers, which sometimes puts me in quite awkward situations. By far one of the worst experiences I've ever had was one time when my stupid shyness got the better of me and had me stuck in a situation I've since sworn to never ever allow happening again.

I had been at the firm for only a couple of months, and I still was a bit reserved around my superiors. We were having a meeting with a client at their office across town and I was already somewhat on the edge as I wanted to make a good impression. I recall being smartly dressed for the day in a light grey suit with figure-hugging pants and a dark red collared blouse, as befits a professional business lady. I found myself working away at my desk during the morning, having my usual 10 o'clock cup of coffee and a not insignificant amount of water throughout the morning. I was to meet up with two of my bosses at around 11 and then head off to the client's office by taxi. As the morning trudged on, I started to feel the usual need to urinate but I decided, stupidly enough, to wait until right before we were leaving for the client.

As I sat working on some unrelated client business, sorting out some invoicing and whatnot, I felt my need slowly but steadily rise beneath my tight business pants. I couldn't help but squirming around on my chair ever so slightly but I was dead set on getting the invoicings done before heading to the toilet. I managed to keep my movements to a minimum but caught myself bouncing one leg up and down under my desk as I felt the pressure increase inside my abdomen. Whenever I stopped my leg bouncing I couldn't resist squeezing my thighs tightly together in pulses to relieve the pressure.

It was now about 10:30 AM. Just a couple of invoices to confirm and submit and then it's off to the loo, I thought. After a few more minutes of battling the incredibly bulky and slow CRM system, I was finally done and could finally head to the loo and rid myself of my desperation that had been brewing for the last hour or so. I rose from my desk and headed across the semi-open office space towards the hallway that led to the nearest restrooms. I felt the pressure down there but managed to keep it firmly under control with only muscle power as I strolled inconspicuously through the office, not letting anyone nearby know about my need.

Just as I headed out into the hallway, setting off towards the restrooms at the far end, mentally preparing for my upcoming relief, I apparently caught the eye of one of my bosses as I passed his office:

"Hey, Lucy, could you come in here for a second?", I heard. Damnit, I hope he'll be quick, I thought.

"I'd like to go through a few things before we meet up with the client", he continued. I wasn't really in a position to argue so I sat down beside him at his desk where he proceeded to go through the documents we were to discuss with the client later on.

I sat on the swivel office chair with my legs crossed, subtly swaying from side to side as he talked. I managed to somewhat distract myself from my oncoming desperation and engaged with his reflections as he went on. As the minutes went by though, I was becoming more and more concerned since I had been betting on being able to briefly slip away to the ladies' before we went off to the client's office. But he droned on and on, closing down the current document only to produce the next one, and I felt anxious that I wouldn't be able to relieve myself before we left. I sat nodding and commenting in passing as he went from document to document, swaying slightly from side to side in my chair, feeling my bladder steadily filling up. 'Please be done already', I thought to myself, but he was blissfully unaware of my predicament.

Then after maybe half an hour or so, he finally wrapped up his musings and we left his office. I was all but prepared to head off to the ladies' for a long-awaited relief, as my bladder was significantly full by now. I walked alongside my boss down the hallway and just had to find the right moment to excuse myself, waiting patiently for him to finish talking. But just then, one of my other bosses met up with us as we approached the office lobby and announced that the taxi was waiting outside and that we had to get going. Oh no! There was no way I could excuse myself now, so I had no choice but to follow them out to the parking lot and into the taxi cab. My desperation was significant, but at least not severe, so I figured I could manage until we reached the client's office, but once there, I definitely would have to look for a restroom or I would be in serious trouble!

The drive to the client took about half an hour. I remember sitting in the backseat cursing every red light along the way, prolonging my wait, but managed to keep my movements to a minimum as I sat there in the back seat next to one of my bosses. As we left the taxi and walked into the lobby, my bosses were talking amongst themselves as I followed them, dead set on spotting the restrooms once inside. But as we entered the building, we were immediately met up by one of the client's representatives who led us away from the lobby and to the elevator. From were we were walking, I tried to scan the area for anything that looked like a restroom and noticed a couple of doors next to the reception that looked promising. There was no way I could excuse myself and check them out without looking silly though, I thought, so I silently followed the men into the elevator.

We rode up a few floors and went down a corridor to one of the meeting rooms. I had no idea how long the actual meeting would last and remember hoping that if it dragged out for too long, they would at least propose a brief break in between, meaning I could then take the opportunity to find a toilet. As we sat down at the table, I opened up the laptop we had brought along and prepared to take notes as they went along. My bladder was by now very full and I again had to sit with my legs crossed, but tried not to move about too much.

About an hour passed and I remember taking note of the time - about 12:30, and I was becoming very full by now, and it only kept increasing by the minute. They were in the middle of a certain contract and showed no signs of wrapping it up, or even considering a break. I slowly became aware that the general attitude inside the room seemed to aim for finishing up this meeting in one go. I mentally prepared for suffering through the rest of the meeting in quiet desperation. My bladder pulsated under the table and I had to grind myself back and forth on the chair as the constant pressure simply wouldn't go away.

Another ten or so minutes passed and I was constantly squeezing my crossed legs together in pulses, the pressure was relentless! I bit my lip and started to look out for any brief gap in their conversation and maybe, just maybe, I would be able to get a word in about it being nice to stretch our legs perhaps? But they only kept talking amongst themselves, leaving me to keep taking notes. As the minutes went by, I was getting seriously worried and realized that if the meeting didn't end soon, I would indeed have to interrupt and ask for a break.

But I didn't dare. I was just too shy, and the fact that I was also absolutely bursting for the toilet meant I felt even more conspicous. It was a horrible feeling of digging myself down deeper and deeper with my bladder filling up even more along with my hesitance to admit it! It's just one of those things, I never disclose my desperation for a toilet if I can help it, it's just too embarrassing. But this was turning into a literal nightmare! Their meeting trudged on and on with no end in sight and I was fast approaching my limit, meaning if I didn't speak up before that, I would actually be in danger of soaking my light grey business pants right there at the table!

After about an hour and half inside that room, I was absolutely bursting. The massive dam of urine was not only constantly pressing to be released, but was actually pushing down on my urethra in pulses. I had to really really clench down there along with as subtly as possible writhing around on the chair in order not to have an accident on the chair. I was past crossing my legs by now and had to resort to grinding my thighs against each other up and down, maintaining constant movement not to start pissing my pants! And they just kept on talking, totally oblivious to my dire emergency. I could actually feel my face growing redder by the minute and was so very very worried I would have an accident!

And still they kept on talking. I started to rehearse my request inside my head, ever on the lookout for the briefest of gaps in their discussion so that I could get a word in. But for each passing minute, I hoped against hope that the next would be the last. They can't go on forever, they have to wrap it up eventually. My bladder ached and pulsated, filled to the brim and beyond, my thighs constantly pressing against each other, my hips gyrating under the table. I told myself over and over again that I could manage just one more minute because it would be over now. Or now. Or now. But now never arrived. And they just kept talking.

I could actually feel the emergence of speech forming in my throat several times, probably causing stifled, barely audible moans and yelps to escape behind my closed lips. But the words never came out. I couldn't. I was so shy, so utterly and stupidly shy despite being literally on the brink of drenching my pants in front of my bosses and clients! And the pressure never ceased even for one moment, constantly piling more and more pressure on my poor exhausted sphincter. Images of a garden hose holding back the immense pressure from the water mains only by its nozzle that could burst open any second flew through my head. I was so scared! My pants were so light and tight they would do nothing in the way of concealing it if I started spurting into them. Oh please, please stop talking!

And then, just as I for the zillionth time stifled yet another attempt to make my pleading words come through, they wrapped up their spiel and rose from their chairs. I was beyond bursting as I did the same, very carefully not to put additional stress on my already rock hard bladder. I just had to make it down to the lobby and those toilets I had spotted earlier, just a few more minutes of this agony and I would be greatly rewarded, I thought. Oh god, I had never been so desperate in my whole life as I silently awaited the concluding handshakes to be done with. I stood pinching my knees together with my arms across my chest, counting the seconds before we could finally get moving down the hallway and into the elevator.

Once in the elevator, I prepared for taking the lead out into the lobby so I could discreetly excuse myself for the restroom without having to force the issue in front of my bosses. As we headed out there, I tried to walk as casually as humanly possible with my arms down my sides but it hurt so bad I could hardly even maintain a straight posture, waddling slightly with my legs tightly together. My bladder ached and throbbed, my sphincter just about keeping the massive dam of urine at bay. As we passed the reception and where I thought I had seen those restrooms, I made the slightest of gestures towards them as I briefly deviated for a second.

And then I saw it - those restrooms weren't restrooms! They were just some doors! No toilets for poor Lucy! I panicked inside, I was doomed, I would not get to go, I would piss myself in my posh business pantsuit! It would actually happen!

My bosses kept on walking towards the exit, and I instantly followed, totally out of ideas of what to do. I had to say something, I had to find someone to ask for where the toilets were because of course they had to be there somewhere. But there was no one, only me and my two totally oblivious bosses who had no legitimate business hanging around there no longer. I felt tears emerging in my eyes as I walked out behind them, almost in a blur. The only thing I could think of was that I was going to have a massive accident in public in the next few minutes. There had to be somewhere, ANYWHERE, around nearby with a restroom!

But there was nowhere. Just a short passageway through an office block to where the taxi would pick us up, no publicly available buildings, and definitely no public restrooms. I followed my bosses, knowing full well that I was out of options, trying everything to hold on to my incredible ocean inside even though I knew it was a lost cause. It hurt so incredibly bad, I couldn't walk straight anymore, my whole abdomen pushing and pushing, trying to evacuate the urine even though my pants were still firmly on and I was nowhere near a toilet. My waddle had slowed me down enough for me to lag behind them, and one of my bosses noticed my by now obvious discomfort.

"Are you alright, Lucy?", he said, "Is something wrong?"

There was no use denying it any more. I had to admit it.

"Uhm... I... I'm sorry, but I really really need to go the bathroom..."

"Oh, well maybe you should get back to their office then", he replied, by now obviously aware of my dire situation, "We will wait here for you and hold the taxi"

"...oh... yeah... I think I'll... do that....", I stammered, stifling a cry in my throat. I was so incredibly embarrassed, but it was nothing compared to what would happen if I didn't seize the chance.

I turned around, ever so slightly relieved that I at least was finally unleashed and free to find a restroom without having to hide it from my bosses. But I was beyond bursting, possibly only minutes away from totally wetting myself. I waddled back towards the client's office, constantly looking around in vain hope to find any place with a possible bathroom, but of course there was nothing. I simply had to get back to the office, that was my one and only choice.

Well at the entrance, I scurried inside, still with no clue where to look for the nearest toilet. I hurried to the reception, having spotted the lone receptionist behind the desk. As I arrived, I immediately mustered up enough courage to speak up:

"E-excuse me... I-I was here before in a meeting with some of your m-managers, I wonder if you c-could tell me where - "

And just then her phone rang, promptly cutting off my request. She picked it up and held up one finger to signal that she would be with me in just one moment.

But I didn't have one moment. - ssSSH, I felt my bladder pushing out the first spurt into my panties! I panicked, I was literally out of time, it would come out now regardless of whether I was resting on a toilet seat or not! I looked around in total devastation, having to cross my legs as I supported myself against the reception desk. sSSH - another spurt! It was the most horrible feeling I could ever imagine! I was helpless!

@@Then I spotted another office woman passing through the reception area. I tiptoed over to her with scissoring legs and asked breathlessly where the nearest toilets were and could I please use them as it was an emergency. She pointed me to the other side of the lobby and down another hallway where there was a small compartment alongside it with some restrooms. I thanked her and immediately waddled over there with small but rapid steps, no longer caring how silly I looked. I didn't even have minutes left - I had seconds! One agonizing and absolutely horrible spurt after another forced itself out as I criss-crossed my legs towards the promised toilets. The horrific feeling of an overfilled bladder about to give in with my light pants still on, caused me to panic even more as I hurried towards the compartment and what thankfully was a vacant toilet. It was coming out, it was actually coming out, the next spurt would not be a spurt but an absolute torrent, it was so absolutely dreadful, I had to get my pants out of the way! I bolted inside, haphazardly slamming the door behind me as I pulled at my waistband, literally tearing down my pants as the dreaded torrent commenced with total abandon -

HSSSSSSSSSSSSSS...

Oh my god the relief, the blessed relief as my poor poor bladder finally got to release it all into the bowl! It was so much, splashing and thrashing into the water like a shower head on full blast. I couldn't believe I could have produced and stored so much urine in one go, it just went on and on, it felt like a couple of minutes. The relief was undescribable, both physically and mentally, knowing I had been so incredibly close to totally soak myself in public! But I had made it, I actually made it. I know it may seem silly but I couldn't help but feeling proud of myself for having survived such an immense battle with my disgracing course of nature.

Luckily, despite my premature spurts, my light pants had miraculously survived the ordeal without any visible evidence. My panties were still damp, and I tried to dry them off as good as I could before pulling my garments back up. After having regained my composure after another couple of minutes, I exited the toilet and walked briskly past the reception area without looking back, not wanting to risk meeting anyone who might have witnessed my previous struggle. I rejoined my bosses by the walkway where the taxi was waiting for us.

"Feeling better now?", one of them enquired with a sympathetic smile.

"Yeah, definitely", I said, feeling myself blushing heavily, thanking them for waiting before we stuffed ourselves into the taxi and went back. It was embarrassing enough having to admit my desperation in such a miserable manner, but literally nothing compared to what could have been.

*002*2023-12-14 17:24

{{On 12/10/2023 at 9:00 PM, WiiGuy86 said:

Always excited to see a new post from you! Fantastic story as always!

}}

Thanks, you're too kind!

