A visit to the woods

Author: Andy Waters

*000*2024-01-09 22:00

I have posted this as a story, but it is a disguised account of something that actually happened 20 years ago. Only the names of the participants have been changed. It's a sequel to the story "An Embarrassing Experience" I posed a few days ago, featuring the same people, of whom I am "David". This was their third meeting.

Paul and David lived far apart, so They only managed to meet about once a year. They had come prepared. It was a Saturday morning on a hot summer's day. They left their cars in the small car park near an entrance to the woods, and started their walk.

Paul was wearing once-black jeans, and David's were medium blue. After a few minutes of strolling and chatting, David demonstrated to Paul that it is possible to walk and pee at the same time. Paul tried the same, but unsuccessfully, so he had to stand still before a tell-tale streak appeared on his jeans-leg.

Having completed phase one, They ambled back to the car park, savouring the wetness of their legs, half fearing that They might meet someone coming round the next corner (but only half fearing!). They didn't meet anyone, so returned to their cars and changed into shorts for phase two! They kept on the same damp briefs because, as Paul correctly pointed out, it would be less stress afterwards. David had some white denim shorts, and Paul had a pair of greyish cut-offs.

They embarked on their second excursion. After a while David stopped and leant against a sawn-off tree stump while Paul operated his camera. He took a couple of shots of David while the piss was pouring out of both legs of his shorts. Paul decided to wait until They got back near the car park. He sat on a nearby picnic table while David used the camera. David thought Paul was hoping for a flood which could be seen dripping off the table, but he didn't manage to get beyond a couple of large wet patches.

While They were taking these last shots, a man walking his dogs appeared nearby, and another man parked his car in such a position that they'd have to walk past him to get back to their own cars. Paul's wet patches were quite visible, front and back, but David's white shorts would not reveal anything to the untrained eye. Paul got into his car, and this guy watched, drinking from a bottle of water, which made David a bit suspicious, especially as he seemed intrigued by their photographic activities at the picnic table.

Paul drove off (he had to work that afternoon, poor guy!), but David plucked up the courage to talk to the guy who had been watching. He eyed his damp shorts, and seemed to notice the residual dampness. He asked why they had been taking photos, so

David plucked up the courage to tell him. The man was most interested, and confessed to having done the same thing himself from time to time. David couldn't persuade him to do it there, though.

When he'd gone, the other guy with the dogs appeared and started to chat to

David. He had also obviously seen their photographic activities, and wanted to know more. Again, David found the courage to explain their interest. Because David was a long way from home, he didn't have his normal inhibitions. This guy, too, was most interested, and again said that he liked to do the same thing when he got the chance. He could not be persuaded to do it there (he was already late for lunch, he said), but he wanted to see David do it before he left.

So, David let the rest of his piss out into his white denim shorts in front of the man, soaking them again, and the man seemed most stimulated!

David left the place wondering just how many ordinary guys have the same secret interest, but have never had the opportunity to talk to a kindred spirit.

