Toilet! Come Here Please!

Author: Agarzilla

*000*2022-12-09 08:17

Hey all, it’s been several months since I last posted anything here. I literally have one person following me right now but allow me to explain. Around the time of my last post I changed jobs and my hours are different now. I've also taken up more responsibility in life in general and it’s been a lot harder for me to get in the mood or find the spirit to write anything. I have several ideas and a few that are partially written but have been in cryostasis for a while.

Anywho, over the past several weeks I’ve found the spirit to write, and I'm happy to announce I finally finished something! Well, I wrote something else actually but it isn't omo (It's on AO3 too if you want to read it). Any feedback you can give me is greatly appreciated. Enjoy!

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/43296826

(Please read the tags on AO3 for a more accurate description, there is more than just omo with this one)

By the way, does it annoy anybody that I put my stuff on AO3? It seems most people post their stuff directly here. Ive been working on more than just omo fic and it’s easier to have all my stuff in one place.

*003*2022-12-21 08:10

{{12 hours ago, JD0417 said:

Hot I was imagining a more muscular version of Kim Kardashian who I imagine is both a Dom and a sub irl

}}

Thank you! Glad to hear you liked it. Kim's appearance took inspiration from Candace, the Genshin Impact character and my desire to have her dominate me

