Mother's desperation

Author: AlmostMex

*000*2022-02-02 03:07

This story if my first and pure fiction

Contains mother and son and is furry

Enjoy

Everyday it felt harder to wake up. It's been 3 weeks since the zombie outbreak and 3 weeks since her husband had died. He was a military man and was one of the first to die. Miranda stood by the bed and stretched. Her white fur being ruffled but still felt very soft. The only reason she was still alive was because of her son. Ryder was a 19 year old white wolf about 6'1. Miranda was 40 but looked half her age. Ryder was a very capable in survival thanks to training provided by dear old dad.

Her son had built the compound they now lived in. He always went out hunting to put food on the table. Over time her feelings for her son developed beyond motherly love and straight into craving his cock.

Her last however was overshadowed by the small wet spot she felt on her panties. She always wore a skirt due to the heat in the area and to tease Ryder. Miranda soon felt the urge to relief her blabber.

The issue was the only toliet was outside the safety of the compound. She hated leaving without her son nearby for protection. Lucky Ryder was right next to her in bed asleep.

"Ryder wake up please" Miranda plead

Ryder woke quickly thinking zombies had broken in.

"WHERE ARE THEY" Ryder yelled

"Ryder it's OK it's just me" Miranda smiled at her son

"Mom jesus what's wrong today is a lazy day, I don't wake up till noon. Every other Friday was a day they would take to relax.

"Mama really needs to pee baby." Says Miranda. Ryder can hear the desperation in her voice. He always snuck a peak when ever his mother took a piss. It never failed to turn him on. Once Miranda had peed her panties after an incident with the zombies. Ryder took her panties while she showered and smelled them. Inhaling the sweet aroma of his mothers tight pucker and urine.

At this point Miranda was doing a little potty dance while one hand was tightly on her crotch. "Ryder come on let's go I'm about to lose control."

The two walked through the main compound gates. Miranda bent down to delay the urine about to release letting Ryder get a eye full of his mom. For a 40 year old her ass was plump and firm.

He noticed a wet patch near her pussy. The patch was small but looked like it was growing. Without knowing he was watching his mom lose control.

Miranda tried to hold back the flood of pee but she wasn't able to make it to the outhouse. Defeated she bent down and removed her hands. This allowed for the urine to quickly wet her panties and even run down her leg. The fur on her legs were stained with pee as she stood in her own puddle of urine.

Ryder at this point was at full mast. The tent In his pants was easy to see. Although it quickly faded as he saw his mother start to cry.

"I'm sorry baby mama couldn't make it" she cried softly. "I really tried but I still pee myself."

"Mom I don't care you passed yourself. Ryder explained. "In fact I find it pretty sexy.

"You do?" Miranda asked quickly "Your father would ask me to pee for him in the bathroom or shower."

"Guess the apple doesn't fall far from the tree." Ryder says

Miranda then fells cramps as she let's out a fart. Must have had some bad meat. She quickly pulled her panties to the side as she pushed out a log. She pushed several more all the while Ryder was jacking off.

Minutes later Miranda finished happy she can now share in her kink with her son.

