Lola Goldflir, an anthro hyper bladder case

Author: ashnacamon

*000*2021-12-27 21:28

Hey guys and gals. This one has been stewing a while, but I just now got something typed down. Hope y’all have good days ahead of you!

Chapter 1: introduction

Lola was a golden retriever. She had some Labrador in her that made her especially cute and curvaceous, but also quite tall. Her daytime job was at the Marindale Fitness Club. On Monday through Friday, her duties varied as needed. On Saturday, however, she had one special job. Being a canine, she could smell very well, and being beautiful, she could confront very well. The Marindale was open to members’ children on Saturdays, but with one strict rule: no urinating in the pool. Adults of course weren’t allowed to urinate either, but if hypochlorous acid showed up on the weekdays, adults were easier to monitor patterns with, and slightly less likely to break the rule. Thus, it was Lola’s special job on Saturdays to be in the pool at all times, and watch for the smell. If she noticed it, she tracked it down to the source. Usually, if the child confessed, she escorted them out quietly and they could get back in next Saturday, or sometimes after a time penalty if they were of younger ages.

But Lola did have a soft place.

If even the oldest child said at any time, “I know it’s bad, I just really like peeing in the pool: It feels so good,” Lola almost always considered reducing the penalty. She’d give them an extra long talk on why not to pee, however. But the mercy given to, or rather sympathy with the outspoken was undeniable. This was not so much because Lola liked peeing in the pool, but rather because she could almost pee the entire pool into existence.

Her body could bend the laws of thermodynamics in a much more extreme way, and more queer way, than any flying saucer toy could ever dream. She could wee for over an hour without too much difficulty in holding it, which took the better part of a day. She’d gradually come to realize how rare and bizzare this characteristic seemed to others, which was somewhat disappointing. It felt more disappointing to her than almost anything to have to stop midway while emptying her monstrous bladder, but it was often something she had to do. Thus, being held back from a blissful piss was, however much a part of reality, an inconvenience she greatly sympathized with whenever it came up. Having to hold one’s pee when there was literally water all around one was nearly as disappointing to a little kid in her opinion. Also, nobody could deny that being in warm water was more comfortable than cold.

…

“But, there are the rules, and the acid hurt people’s eyes. Plus, lots of people don’t want to swim in somebody else’s pee, you know.”

“Yeah, I know. I’m sorry,” the little otter said mournfully.

“Good. Are you going to use the rest room next time?”

“Yes.”

“Then after ten minutes, you can get back in the pool again.”

“Okay,” the otter accepted, and Lola gave her a reassuring hug. After all, a change of heart was the goal. Lola brought the little girl to a place to wait, and set her swimmer’s watch for 10 minutes. As she returned to duty, however, her own bladder tickled her noticeably for a few minutes. That mention of peeing feeling so good… Thankfully, she suppressed the urge, and was able to finish shift.

*003*2021-12-28 15:21

{{7 hours ago, D0nt45k said:

Might I recommend picking a font color besides black? The color scheme on this site makes it very difficult to read.

}}

Sorry, I would if I knew how! Somebody, please help.

Here’s a try:

DUPLICATE of the chapter above, in white font.

Chapter 1: introduction

Lola was a golden retriever. She had some Labrador in her that made her especially cute and curvaceous, but also quite tall. Her daytime job was at the Marindale Fitness Club. On Monday through Friday, her duties varied as needed. On Saturday, however, she had one special job. Being a canine, she could smell very well, and being beautiful, she could confront very well. The Marindale was open to members’ children on Saturdays, but with one strict rule: no urinating in the pool. Adults of course weren’t allowed to urinate either, but if hypochlorous acid showed up on the weekdays, adults were easier to monitor patterns with, and slightly less likely to break the rule. Thus, it was Lola’s special job on Saturdays to be in the pool at all times, and watch for the smell. If she noticed it, she tracked it down to the source. Usually, if the child confessed, she escorted them out quietly and they could get back in next Saturday, or sometimes after a time penalty if they were of younger ages.

But Lola did have a soft place.

If even the oldest child said at any time, “I know it’s bad, I just really like peeing in the pool: It feels so good,” Lola almost always considered reducing the penalty. She’d give them an extra long talk on why not to pee, however. But the mercy given to, or rather sympathy with the outspoken was undeniable. This was not so much because Lola liked peeing in the pool, but rather because she could almost pee the entire pool into existence. Her body could bend the laws of thermodynamics in a much more extreme way, and more queer way, than any flying saucer toy could ever dream.

She could wee for over an hour without too much difficulty in holding it, which took the better part of a day. She’d gradually come to realize how rare and bizzare this characteristic seemed to others, which was somewhat disappointing. It felt more disappointing to her than almost anything to have to stop midway while emptying her monstrous bladder, but it was often something she had to do. Thus, being held back from a blissful piss was, however much a part of reality, an inconvenience she greatly sympathized with whenever it came up. Having to hold one’s pee when there was literally water all around one was nearly as disappointing to a little kid in her opinion. Also, nobody could deny that being in warm water was more comfortable than cold.

…

“But, there are the rules, and the acid hurt people’s eyes. Plus, lots of people don’t want to swim in somebody else’s pee, you know.”

“Yeah, I know. I’m sorry,” the little otter said mournfully.

“Good. Are you going to use the rest room next time?”

“Yes.”

“Then after ten minutes, you can get back in the pool again.”

“Okay,” the otter accepted, and Lola gave her a reassuring hug. After all, a change of heart was the goal. Lola brought the little girl to a place to wait, and set her swimmer’s watch for 10 minutes. As she returned to duty, however, her own bladder tickled her noticeably for a few minutes. That mention of peeing feeling so good… Thankfully, she suppressed the urge, and was able to finish shift.j

*005*2021-12-31 01:39

I was considering two further storylines:

1) Lola discovers others like herself, and they have a kinky get together.

2) Lola’s friends discover her ability, and get stunned out of their skirts, literally.

*007*2022-01-05 04:17

Man, wish I could add tags to this. Well…

#hyper wetting

#hyper holding

Eh, I don’t thing that’ll work. But anyway, I think I do have a plan. It goes something like this:

Lola’s friends are gonna have a movie night! But it’s not at Lola’s house, and the girl in charge says that they must all use the restroom first to avoid spontaneous intermissions. Lola can’t lie, and her bladder isn’t empty, so she hopes to simply pretend to finish peeing and avoid further questioning. She does make sure she is last in line, though, to her demise. You see, having almost never been not peeing and been listening to others pee (and certainly not while thinking very hard about the consequences of peeing, holding one’s pee, and such), she has never discovered her secret vulnerability to such…

*008*2022-01-21 01:59

Okay, this has not been edited much, and the next chapter is already in the works, but fair warning, I’m going to leave you on the edge of your seat with this chapter because it was getting so long…

Chapter 2: Opening Night

“Sonya’s cable is airing the new Jane Corset movie tonight!” Dorothy’s excited voice was easy to imagine even over text. “Are you free this evening?” Lola thought for a minute as she took another bite of her microwave biscuit.

“Yeah. What’s the plan?” Drat, now there was grease on her phone. Well, it was a LifeProof case, anyway.

“She’s inviting you, me, and Daisy over for a movie night. We’re bringing popcorn, and she’s got the drinks.”

[to alleviate any concern, all of these girls are over 18, at least some are over 21, and frankly I’m thinking of sodas. If you want to imagine that the older girls are legally and responsibly drinking alcoholic beverages, I don’t have any qualms with you. I’ll try to leave it open]

Finishing her biscuit, Lola cleared away her lunch things. After that was done, she sent a reply.

“Sure. Let’s go for it!” And that was the beginning.

That evening, when Lola signed off, she felt fairly nervous. She had generally avoided this kind of group thing, but here it seemed like nothing could go wrong. No long car rides, no days of shared hotel rooms, no easily attracted attention if she didn’t use the restroom the whole time. Sure, she might miss an intermission, and in that sense a theater movie might have been better, but hey, if she didn’t take some risk, she’d be stuck by herself all her life. Still, it was a risk. Sometimes, on very rare occasions, her bladder had behaved rather unpredictably. Once, in a hotel, she had wet the bed very thoroughly within a minute of lying down and closing her eyes. Something about the soft sheets and the unfamiliar room had linked in her mind with “I should start peeing now,” and that was one seriously pissed bed, and one seriously pissed hotel cleaning manager.

Within 20 minutes, Lola was at Sonya’s house. The dark-furred feline greeted her excitedly at the door, and led her to the living room. Daisy was already there, having walked, but her twin sister Dorothy hadn’t arrived yet.

“She was finishing up a report on wildflowers,” Daisy explained, “it’s been kinda slow progress while writing.”

“Oh, why?” Lola asked.

“Well, she wanted to have a sympathetic viewpoint, so she’s been holding her pee while doing it.” Absolute bewilderment on Lola’s part prompted a further explanation. “It’s a report on the effects of urine on wildflowers. She didn’t want to be judgmental, so she’s made sure to be at least a little desperate whenever writing.”

Just then, there was a knock at the door. Lola yelled, “I’ll get it!” and hurried to get away from the conversation at hand. Already, it was taking its toll, though still able to be completely hidden with a bit of effort. At the door was the pizza delivery bird.

“Two all meats with two LimeLite?” Lola was a bit baffled, but Sonya overheard and came to clarify.

“Yeah, that’s us. I decided popcorn wasn’t quite enough for tonight, and we definitely don’t want to do any extra cooking.” She paid the macaw, and went back to put the soda in the fridge. The bird didn’t immediately go back to the car, however, but rather slowly backed up and looked around. He seemed rather fidgety.

“Is something wrong?” Lola asked.

“Err, uh, no. No, nothing at all. Sorry. Goodnight!”

“Goodnight,” Lola returned, and closed the door. She did peek curiously out the window, however, and saw him hobble into the woods at the edge of the neighborhood, and hop behind a tree. A vehement golden stream emerged a moment later. Lola closed her eyes and gave a sigh of frustration. The urge, which had faded a bit over the past minute, came back full force, and then some. Lola crossed her legs, then almost turned away, before noticing a white figure moving awkwardly up the sidewalk. It was Daisy, and by the looks of things, she was carrying more than just popcorn.

The poor Dalmatian was obviously desperate for a wee, and when she also noticed pee-pee pizza bird, it clearly didn’t help much. She made a distressed groan. Lola hurried out to meet her, and took the bags of popcorn, then coaxed her towards the house and the bathroom. Dorothy immediately began talking about the situation, glad to confide in someone. “Oh, thank you! Once I finished the work on my report for the night - it’s about wildflowers and urine, and I…”

“I know,” Lola interrupted, “Daisy told me.”

“Yeah,” Dorothy continued, “ Well, once I was done, I realized I was late, and then I was in a scramble to find the popcorn. Then I remembered I had put it in my coat pocket, but then I forgot to go pee before leaving, and… ooh!” Once the bathroom door was shut with Dorothy behind it, Lola turned to walk away, and was treated to a loud ringing of piss against porcelain, plus the moans of one seriously relieved Dalmatian. Lola rapidly uncrossed and recrossed her legs. Did everyone need to pee right now?!

“Everyone needs to pee right now,” Sonya suddenly said, to Lola’s despairing bewilderment. She hadn’t had this much trouble holding her pee since the first grade when some kids had teased her on the bus, and she’d nearly wet everyone’s shoes. But Sonya finished with something that made much more sense, and some relief. “We want to be all empty before the movie, so we won’t need any intermissions right after it starts, which is in… 10 minutes.”

“Oh, well, I‘ll go after Lola,” Daisy said crossing her legs a bit, “I mean, I do need to go, but she looks pretty desperate. Do you need to go, Sonya?”

“Well, yeah, but I can hold it until…”

“Nononono, NO,” Lola interrupted frantically, “you do NOT want to wait for me. Trust me, I can hold it for at least that much longer. Go on, it’s alright.” She moved behind the two confused girls, continuing to coax them as the line formed. Soon after, Dorothy emerged.

“Whew! Thanks Lola, you’re a life saver,” she said as she passed and headed back to the living room. “Ooh, is that LimeLite?”

Daisy slipped into the bathroom, and thoroughly rinsed the porcelain with a loud jet of urine yet again. Lola whimpered. It was getting out of hand.

“Are you sure you want me to go first?” Sonya asked. For just about the first time ever, Lola considered going to the bathroom ahead of someone else on purpose. She had successfully done damage control when doing it by accident, mostly by pretending to finish peeing, but with how desperate she was, she probably would not be able to stop for a good 5 minutes at least (to put it optimistically), and definitely would be unable to pretend she didn’t have more in her bladder unless she pissed for a much longer time. That would be disastrous here. Her closest friends, suspicious of the secret life of peeing she had been keeping hidden for years. Not even the hotel, with its dozens of staff members who knew about the super soaked bed, had been that bad, because she was unlikely to ever stay there again. But her friends…

“Yes,” Lola definitively answered, almost through clenched teeth, “You go… first.” She was already dancing with one foot of the ground, her paw repeatedly considering and retracting from holding her urethra. Daisy just then emerged from the bathroom, and Sonya went in, still looking in bewilderment at Lola. For whatever reason, Sonya’s peeing was much louder and spray-ier sounding that the two girls before her. Lola could almost feel the droplets of pee hitting her face. Both hands were busy now. She frantically tried to think of something, anything, to take her mind off of peeing. Nothing seemed to hold her attention. It just snapped right back to her heavy bladder, which felt at least a hundred gallons full, and losing ground fast…

*011*2022-01-23 21:29

{{5 hours ago, bored2death said:

I was actually hoping she couldn’t wait for her friend to finish, so she ends up using the tub or a trash can or maybe goes outside. Oddly enough, I never considered a carpet wetting. Anyways, it’s your story so you take it where ever you feel like!

}}

Oh! Well, that might work a lot better plot wise. I can imagine Sonya inviting Lola into the bathroom while she’s still going after sensing Lola’s urgency.

Hmm. I guess I have two possible plot lines. I think I like the tub idea, but especially if I can find an excuse for the tub drain to be plugged.

*012*2022-01-24 05:01

Welp, turns out I did use your plan. I think it’s a lot stronger plot wise, and… well,

Chapter 3: Let It All Come Out

“Sonya, hurry!” Lola yelped, not sure how long she could hold on.

“I’m hurrying! I really needed to pee!” Sonya yelled back from the other side of the door. Why on earth had Lola insisted she go first (also, why was her bladder taking this long to empty)? Listening to Lola’s continuing whimpering, Sonya offered, “Look, just come in and pee in the tub! I don’t mind.”

It took about 1.4 seconds of vehement consideration before Lola decided to take Sonya up on the offer. She scrambled into the occupied bathroom, slammed the door behind her, and shakily stepped into the tub. Pulling down her skirt, she leaned her back against the faucet-opposite tub wall, and let FLY. She panted loudly with relief, sliding limply till her bum contacted the tub floor (which might have protected her skirt from getting wet if it wasn’t already mostly soaked). Pee splashed across the tub floor, gently soaking and warming her feet. Lola couldn’t even think of anything else. She helplessly slid even lower in the tub, spraying her skirt and calves.

About twenty seconds later, Sonya finally finished, but Lola was still nearly unconscious with the continuing relief she was having. Had Lola not been there, Sonya would’ve considered her own spray one of the longest she had ever seen in person, but it was getting quickly outranked. One minute later, Lola was still peeing hard. One minute thirty, no change. Her skirt was now completely wet. Two minutes, she was starting to regain her senses, but was not slowing in any regard. Three minutes, Sonya heard someone downstairs switch on the TV, and realized she was just sitting on the toilet waiting for Lola to finish. She pulled her pants up over her knees, but no farther.

She didn’t want to move. She didn’t want to disrupt Lola, or miss any bit of this huge pee. But this pee was nowhere near being done. Four minutes, and Lola was still going strong, but was conscious enough to start considering what she should do now. Tell her friends? Maybe. Keep hidden? Seemed plausible. She managed to close her urethra, and attempted and get up, but with a loud grunt she immediately felt the consequences. Pretending it had to do with emerging from the collapsed position she had been in, she struggled to her feet, and reached for her… umm, yeah, she wasn’t pulling those back on.

As calmly as she could without pressure washing the tub walls, Lola stepped out of her skirt and panties, and was about to ask, “Can I borrow some of your clothes?” When Sonya suddenly started peeing again. Lola shut her eyes and clenched her teeth. Sonya couldn’t possibly have any large amount of pee in her bladder after only three minutes. This would be over soon. But as Lola braced to ride it out, to Sonya’s own surprise she began peeing seriously hard, turning her attention away from Lola and to her own bladder.

“Goodness,” she muttered, and went ahead to relax and finish this unexpected encore to both their pisses. Lola heard this, but stubbornly held on, determined not to pee. Her bladder would just have to find a way to cope. But as Lola fought the urge, Sonya felt herself peeing more and more forcefully, and… she felt like her bladder was getting fuller? “What in the…” she mumbled. She was peeing almost as hard as Lola had been, and still she felt the urge to pee even harder. Not only that, but it was feeling more relieving than when she had started! How was this possible?! She was helplessly pissing harder and harder than she ever had before, but at the same time it was getting bore and more pleasant. She wasn’t sure how much more she could take. She started squirming wildly about, and that made the floor area around her get quite wet, but THOMAS O’ MALLEY THIS FELT SO GOOD! She just couldn’t stop, didn’t want to stop peeing… Didn’t want to… …

She fainted.

Just then, someone was pounding on the door. “Hurry up in there, I need to pee again!” came Dorothy’s voice.

“Me too!” Daisy was also there.

“What? How can you be full again already?! I was the one drinking all the soda,” said Dorothy.

“I needa pee!” Daisy yelled, also banging on the door. “Please let us in!”

At that moment, Lola’s eyes opened in surprise. Her urge to piss was fading, even though Sonya was still peeing, and… GOOD NIGHT the cat was peeing hard! On top of that, there was the situation just outside the door.

“Lola or whoever, I’m gonna piss in my shorts! PLEASE?!?!” Dorothy yelled to the mystery occupant inside. The urge had come rather suddenly, and Dorothy had immediately headed for the bathroom. Daisy had originally followed to see what was taking the two others so long, and assumed Dorothy was doing the same. But now, both Dalmatians were in a desperate state.

“I… I can’t stop,” Daisy whimpered, and a pelting sound ensued. Dorothy looked, and the poor girl was peeing onto the floor.

“Daisy? Daisy, no! Hold it in!” Dorothy said, beginning to lose control of her own bladder, wetting the paw that was on her panties.

“I can’t help it…” the younger of the two twins cried as she began peeing harder.

“Nuh- n-no!” Dorothy panted as pee jetted through her fingers, saturating her panties.

“I… wanna… pee… so bad…” Daisy whimpered, losing resolve. Her hand fell from her crotch, and she weed freely through her panties, crouching down with weariness.

“No… Daisy… we… must… resist…” Dorothy said, following her sister’s example, peeing on the hard vynil. After about fifteen seconds, though, their respective streams diminished, acoustically replaced by a second stream coming from inside the bathroom. The two finished peeing on the floor, quite dumbfounded. They looked at each-other, then at the two puddles, then at each-other again. A moment earlier, they had felt like they could’ve pissed in million dollar dresses if it would mean relief, and… twenty seconds? They never felt so embarrassed.

Eventually, their attention turned to the door, and what was behind it. Curious, they opened it slowly. What they saw made them feel like they were in Wonderland. Sonya was slumped over the toilet looking like she had had a drop too much catnip tea and gently pissing, and Lola was standing in the tub, half naked, looking very calm and with closed eyes, also pissing, but quite strongly. Sensing the other two dogs, Lola opened one eye, and murmured, “I think you’ll have to start the movie without me. Also…” she shifted side to side, “I need to tell you something. I made you wet your skirts.” The two Dalmatians looked angry and bewildered for a moment, but Lola hurried to add, “It wasn’t on purpose! I’m sorry. I… didn’t mean to, I didn’t even know I could do it. But I…” She looked at her lower womanliness, still peeing, and shrugged. “I guess I have more bladder related powers than I realized.” The two Dalmatians blinked, confused.

Just then, Sonya woke up. “Huh? Where am I? Did I miss the endi… what are you doing half naked in my bathtub, Lola?”

Lola, deciding it was high time she explained, took a deep breath…

*014*2022-01-26 03:27

{{4 hours ago, Ultima01 said:

%videoplayback.mp4

}}

Yeah, I didn’t expect it to go that way. I thought Lola would remain the vulnerable one.

*015*2022-02-03 04:04

I have some ideas…

Now I promise nothing, but I did intend for this story to go on longer than it had, so here’s some things that could happen, and also that could be just “the case,” as Lola’s powers are a bit foggy at this point. As for storyline…

A) Sequel-ish time later, Lola is basically being a mare do well, and using her powers to save women in a line. But she takes a little too much upon herself, and keeps saving more and more ladies as the tables turn and they are now often pitying her instead.

B) That same night or similar, the girls challenge each-other to a pee holding contest, with Lola as the judge and an accelerator. She begins semi-quickly filling their bladders with pee, and of course they all wet themselves, but with one odd exception: Faun Tinkel. To save cleanup, Lola immediately empties Faun’s bladder since she is the last contestant to give, or rather tries to…

*016*2022-02-03 19:58

Meant to add a “the case” thing: What decides the transfer direction is possibly how Lola is behaving physically. If she stands firmly without giving a hint that she desperately needs a pee, it telepisses away from her. If she squirms a bit, it stays still, and if she tries to provoke an urge in herself, an urge will come. This isn’t quite consistent with the previous chapters, but perhaps that’s because things lean one way or the other based on how full she already is, which makes some sense. But anyway, what do you think?

