The First Date

Author: Alex62

*000*2020-06-18 01:01

The First Date

Jadian and Nico stood together at Jadian’s locker talking and holding each other’s hands. They were talking about the movie they were going to see together after school, just the two of them, so a first date. They were going to see Avengers Endgame, the new and last avengers.

Jadian was excited, with the movie being long(3h 2m) it was a perfect time for a hold. Ever since his last accident and getting together with Nico, Nico would make sure Jadian went to the bathroom every chance he got so he wouldn’t have another accident. While Jadian loved Nico and didn’t want to have another accident he missed his holds.

Even though holding was fun, Jadian hated having accidents. He never planned one but unfortunately, they happen a lot. That's why today, even though he planned a hold he was wearing light blue ripped jeans. He was well aware if his hold turned out in an accident it would be painfully obvious. He should have worn black pants like Nico just in case, but he hoped that since the light blue ripped jeans would show his accident obviously it would scare him out of having an accident.

Jadian also was wearing white briefs. He normally didn't wear briefs before but ever since his last accident, when Nico gave him his briefs, he loved them. He even went out and bought a pack which is why he's wearing white briefs right now when Nico’s were black. Jadian also knew his white briefs would show an accident painfully obvious if he had one, but that wasn't a plan so he didn't care.

“We should go do the bathroom first” Nico said. This woke Jadian up from a daydream he was having about his hold. Jadian likes Nico but since he hasn’t seen most of the Avengers movies, Nico was telling him all about them. ”Sorry, what?” Jadian asked. Nico looked at Jadian with a caring look and put his hand on Jadian’s shoulder, ”I don't want you to have another accident, so let's go to the bathroom”. Jadian nodded and they both walked, hand in hand to the bathroom.

When they got to the bathroom they both went in. Both stalls where taken so Jadian and Nico had to both use the urinals. Jadian turned around to see Nico already peeing and walk over to the urinal next to him. Jadian pulled out his junk and started to pee. He turned red when he noticed Nico looking over at him. Nico leaned over and whispered in Jadian’s ear ”so you liked my briefs that much, you bought your own?!”. They both laughed as Jadian looked and saw the Nico was wearing light blue briefs.

Once Jadian and Nico were done they both washed their hands and exited the bathroom. They then walked out to their school’s parking lot to find Nico’s car. Even though Jadian was older than Nico by a few months, he still couldn't drive yet. As they walked they talked about their upcoming date.

They found Nico’s car, an old silver civic with black cloth interior. Jadian and Nico both got in and made their way to the movie theater. On the way, they talked about how they thought the movie could end.

After both had said their theory on the ending, they moved on to talking about upcoming Basketball games. Nico was careful not to mention Jadian’s accident as he was not sure how he would react.

After about 45 minutes they arrived at the theater. They both got out and walked hand in hand to the movie theater. Nico even held the door open for his boyfriend, Jadian. Once inside the scanned their tickets in and went to buy concessions.

They were lucky as the concession line was empty for a Friday night, it looked like it was a smart move to buy the tickets for right after school. When they got to the front Nico order a medium coke and a medium popcorn as he knew the movie was long and he didn't want to have any bathroom breaks and miss the movie. However, Jadian was ready for his hold and ordered an extra-large diet coke and a large popcorn. ”Are you sure, Jadian, it's a really long movie?” Nico said as he put a hand on Jadian’s shoulder. ”I’ll be fine, Nico” Jadian snapped. Nico was hurt and removed his hand but he understood why Jadian snapped, he knew what he was doing.

They got their concessions and went to find there theater and seats. They were in theater number seven and in the very back row. As they claimed the stairs to their seats they looked around and saw that the theater was practically full, they even had to scoot by people to get to their seats. As they took there seats the movie started, and Jadian’s hand found its way into Nico’s.

Jadian and Nico watched the movie intensely as it started. Jadian crossed his legs at first but I crossed them soon after. Nico noticed this and was glad to see him uncross them as he probably didn't have to pee. The movie was going fine with Jadian as his bladder didn't show any need yet but they still had a long whole to go.

Half an hour into the movie and Jadian found the movie more interesting then he thought he would, and before he knew it half his drink and popcorn was gone. He was already starting to have to pee so Jadian slowed down on the popcorn and soda and crossed his legs just in case. Nico noticed this and hoped Jadian didn't have to do what he thought he had to, so much for his earlier thought.

Jadian tried to focus on the movie and I worked for another hour but as he finished his coke he was brought back to reality. Jadian’s bladder was starting to get uncomfortable and he looked over at Nico to ask how much longer. ”Over an hour left” Nico whispered onto Jadian’s ear ”you don't have to go to the bathroom, do you”? Jadian turned red and said ”No!” as he turned back in his seat. As he was turning he saw Nico had also finished his soda and popcorn.

Jadian knew he should stop drinking but he got super thirsty and finished his soda. Nico hear him finish it and looked at Jadian with a concerned look wondering how he didn't have to pee, he got a bigger soda then him and Nico was starting to have to pee he couldn't imagine Jadian’s and on top of the Nico was slightly taller then Jadian so his bladder was probably bigger.

After 20 more minutes, Jadian was really starting to feel his bladder. He tried to focus on the movie but he had to pee so bad he couldn't. He crossed his legs tighter determined not to have an accident and hold it till the movie ended.

But that seemed almost impossible after five minutes when a wave of desperation hit him. He started squirming in his seat, Nico noticed but decided to not say anything about it as he remembered how Jadian snapped on him about the extra-large soda.

Jadian managed not to leak and hold it for the next 45 minutes. With about 20 minutes left(according to Nico) Jadian was starting to think he could do this. Unfortunately, this didn't last for long as another wave hit him and this time he leaked a little. He could tell his jeans were fine and only his briefs were now wet. Jadian put a hand in his lap and secretly held himself. As he likes holding he was pretty good at secretly holding himself.

He watched as the heroes won but at a huge cost. He couldn't help but to think of the cost he might have to pay soon. He was on the edge of bursting and was about to have an accident but he was still determined to hold it till the movie ended.

Nico was amazed, Jadian almost made it. Nico was sure Jadian had to pee and just wouldn't say anything due to all his squirming and crossing his legs. At one point Nico even noticed Jadian holding himself, Jadian probably thought no one saw but Nico saw it clearly, even though they just started dating, Nico knew his boyfriend.

The movie ended and Jadian jumped up out of his seat before the lights even turned on. Jadian was glad the lights were still off as his bladder wasn't read for the sudden movement and leaked. He had to grab himself and bend over to stop it. The lights turned on forcing Jadian to stand normally. To his horror, Nico pulled him back into his seat and said:” There might be something after the credits, these movies usually do that”. Jadian let out a groan but he crossed his legs tightly and waited.

Jadian managed to hold it but was mad to see noting came. The good thing about waiting though was almost everyone left. Jadian and Nico made their way out, Jadian was trying not to hold himself but his bladder was making it hard not to. As they exited the theater Jadian felt another leak and then another. Jadian was losing the battle.

Luckily the bathroom was near their theater and Jadian made a beeline for it leaving Nico behind and not caring what he thought. Nico followed Jadian into the bathroom smiling, knowing he was right earlier.

As Jadian entered the bathroom he felt a big squirt of pee escape. He ran into the first stall he saw and slammed the door. He looked down at his light blue ripped jeans and saw a baseball size wet spot against his crotch. He couldn't stand still as he went to remove his pants. He made his way to the zipper but with it being wet with pee Jadian couldn't get a grip on it. ”No, NO” jadian thought as he fought with his zipper. He finally got it but when he went to pull it down nothing, it was stuck. Jadian looked in horror, ”No, you got to be kidding me” he thought. He tried again and nothing. Tears began to fall as his bladder finally had enough and he lost the battle.

Pee flowed out of him with a soft hiss, soaking his white briefs and light blue ripped jeans. He watched as his jeans darken and pee ran down his legs, shining against his tan skin, from the rips in his jeans. He felt a pee soaked his socks and shoes and also ran into his shoes. Making a huge pee puddle on the floor at his feet.

He heard a soft knock at the door, then heard Nico ask ”can I come in?”. Jadian opened the door and let his boyfriend in. Nico hated seeing Jadian crying as he peed his pants. Nico was well aware Jadian was still peeing as he still heard a soft hiss. After Jadian finished Nico grabbed his hand and pulled him out of his huge pee puddle and hugged him. Jadian sobbed into his boyfriend's shoulders in wet pants.

After a while, Jadian cried all the tears he had and Nico said ”come on, let's go to my car”. Jadian nodded and followed his boyfriend, Nico. ”I don't have a change of clothes with me so you have to stay wet till we get home, unfortunately”. Jadian knew this already and just nodded. His was right as his light blue ripped jeans showed his accident painfully obviously. People kept staring but Nico made sure no one said anything.

They got to Nico’s car and Nico helped Jadian in. Once Jadian was all in, Nico closed his door and walked over to his side and got in. Nico noticed Jadian was crying again so he said ”its okay, accidents happen”. Jadian nodded and just looked out his window as Nico drove away. It was a good first date till it peed myself Jadian thought, if only he could read Nico’s mind and see Nico really loved that first date.

They drove home in silence(Jadian wasn't up for talking). Even though Nico obviously knew Jadian peed his pants, Jadian made sure to keep his legs crossed to hide the wetness as much as possible.

Nico turned to Jadian at a red light and said,”Jadian, its okay, accidents happen to everyone”. Jadian finally looked very from the window but not quite at Nico’s eyes ”not to 18 year olds and as much at they happen to me”. Nico didn't know what to say to this so he just gave Jadian a hug, it worked before Nico thought.

Jadian’s jeans started to get cold and itchy. He had to uncross his legs and change position, even though he didn't want to, his peed in jeans and briefs left him no choice. Nico looked at Jadian’s jeans to see how bad the mess was since he never looked before, he was to focus on making sure his boyfriend was okay, and Nico was surprised at how soaked Jadian’s light blue ripped jeans were. Jadian must have really had to pee by how soaked his jeans were, Nico could even see pee glistening against Jadian’s tan skin through the rips in his jeans.

When they got to Nico’s house(Jadian didn't want his parents to see his peed in jeans, so Nico took him to his house) Nico was glad to see that his parents were gone so they will be home alone. Nico told Jadian to stay in the car while he got out of the car and went over to Jadian’s side. He opened Jadian’s door and handed him a towel for him to rap around his light blue ripped jeans so no neighbour saw. Jadian did what he was told and got out of the car and headed into Nico’s garage. Nico looked at Jadian’s seat when he got up, and sure enough he saw Jadian’s peed in pants made a wet spot on his car’s black cloth seat. Nico wasn't worried about it though as I would dry. so he closed the car door and headed inside with Jadian.

Once inside Nico and Jadian headed to the bathroom so Jadian could shower. Nico helped Jadian undress, and when he got Jadian’s peed in light blue ripped jeans off, Nico couldn't help but to stare at Jadian in his wet white briefs. The wet white came almost see through, and Nico could almost see Jadian’s dick. Jadian smiled as he could tell Nico was hard and finished undressing. Jadian got in the shower and Nico want to follow but he stayed back as they were still new to this relationship.

Nico picked up Jadian’s peed in clothes and put them into the wash. He then layed on his bed scrolling through Facebook waiting for Jadian. Jadian finished and got out of the shower and headed to find Nico. When Jadian found Nico, Nico went to his closet and handed Jadian some clothes. This time it was light blue briefs, gray gym shorts, and a black t-shirt. When Jadian got dressed, they both crawled on Nico’s bed and cuddled. ”I’m keeping these breifs” Jadian said to Nico. ”I expected you would” Nico said as they both fell asleep in each others arms.

*002*2020-06-18 21:37

{{1 hour ago, RandomWetName said:

Yet another great story. It reminds me of when I went to see Endgame with friends. I had a medium iced tea and finished it fairly early on during the movie. I had to pee really bad and was crossing my legs. When the credits started I too made a beeline for the bathroom. Had I been in Jadian's position and had a larger drink and was pulled back in my seat things might have ended very similar for me.

I do wonder, in your story Nico also had to pee. Did he use the bathroom while Jadian was peeing himself or did his black pants cover something up?

}}

I realized I didn’t say he ever used the bathroom after I posted but I intended him to use it while Jadian “used it”. Nico dosen’t pee his pants(at least yet).

