Braixen's lazy day emergency

Author: Aquraisus

*000*2019-07-15 02:29

(My first story, I may do these whenever I don't have time for requests. Anyways, enjoy!)

A Braixen was lounging on her couch, casually scroll through her phone. As well as sipping down her 3rd cup of orange soda. She had a rough last few days at work, so she was taking her weekend to just relax however she wanted. She was just scrolling through her feed, eventually feeling a slight twinge in her bladder.

"Ugh.. Gotta wee.." She said to herself, but her position was just too comfortable, she didn't feel like getting up. She decided to just ignore it for now, knowing she could hold it.

As she continued to scroll she came across a few images of beautiful looking waterfalls and springs. She admired them for awhile, marveling at their beauty. But the thought of flowing waters reminded her of the need slowly building, so much so that she couldn't help but slighty shift her legs around at the thought.

After awhile of this, she could start to feel her bladder filling at a fairly fast past, realizing she really couldn't hold it anymore, she reluctant got up, doing a tight walk with her legs just a little clutched together as she made her way to the restroom.

Braixen put her paw on the door, turning the knob only to find it stuck. She blinked, then turned it again. Still stuck. She had no clue what to do or how to feel, she kept turning the knob as if she it wasn't real, but it was. The bathroom was locked, which meant no toilet access, which also meant, no peeing.

Braixen whinned, not knowing what to do or how the door was locked. The door had a lock on it, on the inside.

"H-how is it locked? I-it only locks inside!" She said to herself, subconciously rubbing her legs together.

Braixen made her way back to the couch, waddling and sitting down to think of what she could do now. She tried to think fast, but her bladder was distracting her. She had her paws pressed against her croch, her legs shaking back and forth. Those sodas had gone straight through her, faster than she expected.

Braixen thought of a few potential options, maybe she could go in the kitchen sink? No no, she wouldn't be able to climb on the counter without leaking... Maybe she could go in the garden? That won't work... She couldn't risk getting spotted. As she contemplated her options, her need to go continued to rise, she crossed her legs tightly, clutching her croch as she tried her very best to keep it in. She knew she was running out of time. Her bladder threatening to burst right then and there, but she managed to prevent her flow, giving her more time to think.

She eventually had an idea, she got up, waddling her way back towards the bathroom door. Trying again at the knob to be sure, but to no avail. She opened up a nearby closet, pulling out a wrench. She went back to the door, and with her legs still crossed, she tried to pry the door open. She didn't care if she broke her door, she couldn't bare the thought of wetting herself, even if she was alone. She pulled and pulled, hoping the lock would give. But it didn't, and as a large wave if desperation hit her, she dropped the wrench, grabbing at her crotch and doing a pee dance, trying to hold it all in. She felt a leak drip into her paw, knowing time was almost up. In panic, she picked up the wrench, shoving it straight through the door, a huge hole carved through it.

Braixen frantically put her hand through it, looking to unlock the door from outside, she eventually was able to do so, opening the door immediately. There she saw her savior, the clean, white surface of the toilet.

But, as she took one step towards the toilet bowl, she froze.

Her bladder had had enough, and before she could do anything to stop it, the floodgates opened up. Her bladder letting out all the pent up liquid inside. She knew she couldn't stop it, so she let it flow, she couldn't help but laugh at the fact she had put in hole in her door because of all of this.

"Today was quite eventful... Guess I got some cleaning to do.. As well as calling a repair mon.."

(Hope that was enjoyable! If it was I may write some more stories in the future!)

