Chib: Scraps

Author: Astraptera

*000*2025-05-28 08:35

Chib Vol 2

Part 1:

3 Days Before the Rendezvous

Pia tried to close the door to the shop quietly, but the doorframe had swelled from the recent rain.

"Here, I'll help," said Lady. She pushed hard on the door and when it closed, the metal wall rattled around it after the loud thunk. Pia winced and glanced through the shop window at the vague red and blue shape within, but there was no movement. She mouthed an apology in Yarrow's general direction anyway.

Pia approached Lady's airship, a looming matte black Andyne airship, oblong-shaped with a flat bottom. It was five-forty in the morning, and in the brilliant sunlight, the doors and the blacked-out windows of Lady's airship only looked like faint shapes in the ship's hull. The entrance sat in the exact middle of the airship, at the top of a set of folding stairs. Pia stepped over the threshold, entering a wide, airy black-tiled terraced hallway, pulling the door shut behind her. Outside, the stairs clattered into place, connected to a button in the bridge controls.

The doors on the first level - one on each side - were closed. Past them, the terraces on either side of the central staircase contained decorative plastic plants. The gardener in Pia scowled at them, and she thought idly about lifting her skirt and "watering" them as she passed; she didn't need to go, but Lady had been grating on her nerves for the past week.

On the second level, the bridge was on the right through an open doorway. The door on the left was closed, and Pia knew from experience that it led to bedrooms and a bathroom.

Lady and Miss May sat in the swiveling chairs at the wide front window, while Avaris lounged on a window seat. When she saw Pia, she patted the seat next to her. As usual, Avaris wore a slightly poofy dress that showed off her figure: today a muted linen khaki dress that complemented the brown of her dappled brown wings under a light jacket. Her makeup was minimal and pristine, and her mint green hair lay on her shoulders in mismatched but neat braids. Pia recognized some of the poofiness of Avaris's skirt as her "protection" and blushed.

"Good morning, Avi," Pia yawned. In contrast to Avaris's put-together appearance, Pia felt sloppy: her dark green hair was still wet from the shower, slicked back in a high ponytail, and she wore one of Saoirse's hoodies over a t-shirt and plain gray skirt.

"Ascending," Lady announced. Pia sat down next to Avaris and found that Avaris even smelled nice.

"Is everything alright, Pia? You're usually early." May said, turning in her seat and lifting the radio headphones from her ears. She was just as perfectly made up as Avaris; May wore her work coveralls as always, but her makeup was immaculate and her dusky blue hair was drawn up into an elegant blue and gold scarf. Like Avaris, May had wings, except May's were dark blue and tan on the ends, and she shifted them differently behind her chair as she moved.

Pia's blush deepened. "Oh um...yeah. There was a bit of a line for the bathroom this morning."

"Oh yeah, your brother is still in town," Lady commented, checking a weather chart on one of the displays. "Didn't I see him at the festival?"

"Cy is my sibling, and they were at the festival, yes," said Pia. She looked at Lady's profile and felt it coming. Unlike May and Avaris, Lady wore casual business clothes: a sleeveless vest, cargo pants with a tool belt, a head scarf emblazoned with her shop's logo, a scallop with a bolt in the middle, and solid, sand-caked boots. Lady, whose official name was "Hilarity Jenkins," was a Grisderm. Her skin was a stony dark gray, with a fine scaly texture and sparse hair. She had a flat face and large, ghostly pale green eyes. Lady owned an airship repair shop called The Tinkering Scallop about two hours north of May's dockyard.

"I'm surprised that skinny gull-winged kid didn't ask to stay with you," said Lady. Pia bit her tongue. It wasn't derogatory. Yet.

"I uh...I would, but we only have my bed and the couch," said Pia, looking to May for help. May already had the radio headphones on, scanning for weather warnings and other broadcasts.

"I can't believe he infringed on Miss Avaris's hospitality for so long," Lady scoffed. "Did he even pay you, Miss Avaris?"

Avaris spoke up: "He did. I told him he didn't need to but he insisted. And I don't see anything wrong with him camping in the shop." Her voice was firm, and she glared at Lady, who was busily piloting the ship. Avaris's eyes met Pia's, and Pia started in her seat. "Lady, may I use your bathroom? Pia can show me where it is."

"Bring back some tea from the kitchen," called Lady while Pia led Avaris out of the room. Not knowing what else to do, Pia opened the door in the breezeway and held it open for Avaris as she passed. She shut it behind them and turned to find Avaris stopped in the hallway.

"Oh um..." Pia stammered. "It's this way-"

"I don't actually need to use the bathroom," Avaris sighed. "She won't let up on Yarrow when Mayra can't hear and I need a break. I didn't know May would have to copilot."

"Well, since we're bringing back tea, at least we know she'll take off the headphones at some point," Pia sighed and continued walking. The kitchen was around the corner, darkly tiled like the breezeway but just as bright and airy with large windows and skylights. "What kind of tea would you like?"

Avaris leaned on the counter and watched Pia busily making tea, filling the kettle, locating the various sweeteners or creamers, and finding lids for the insulated cups. Avaris idly admired Pia's butt and looked over her dark green hair, still damp from her morning shower. It was dry at the ends and had a slight wave to it. Pia seemed to sense that she was being looked at and turned, her striking crimson eyes questioning. She was so pretty, Avaris thought.

'You seem to know your way around this kitchen. Do you go places with Lady often?" Avaris asked. She knew she was blushing but didn't stop smiling.

"A few times a year," said Pia. "And if we're stuck in Shell Bay, Lady lets us stay overnight in this ship behind her shop."

"Are you staying here when you go to the airship expo?" asked Avaris. Behind Pia, the kettle clicked and she poured the water into Avaris's cup, then hers. There was only enough for two cups, so Pia turned and refilled it while Avaris stirred her tea.

"Probably, when they get it on schedule again. Want to see the guest rooms?"

Pia showed Avaris around the kitchen and hallway while they waited for the kettle to boil. There were two small bedrooms and a full Andyne-style bathroom in addition to the kitchen and a few storage closets.

When they returned to the bridge, Pia brought May and Lady their tea. To Avaris's relief, May took her headphones off her ears and swiveled her chair to talk to the others on the bridge. She left them on around her neck, listening for voices in the static.

A long, boring discussion about airship parts ensued between Pia, May, and Lady. Avaris wasn't an airship enthusiast and found herself watching the scenery, sipping her tea. Gold sunlight tinted the coastal prairies below, and Avaris mentally tried to measure the distance to Cloudwater Cove. That was their first stop: since Lady provided the transportation, May had volunteered to buy breakfast pastries and coffee for everybody. Avaris steadily sipped her tea in thought, catching glimpses of the craggy coastline and watching the trees sway in the day's wind. When she stood up to refill her tea, Lady stood too, setting her ship on autopilot.

"It's a straight shot to Cloudwater from here," Lady sighed. "How's everyone doing on tea?"

Somehow, Lady accompanied Avaris down the hallway to the kitchen, bearing both hers and May's cups. Pia hadn't needed a refill but had stood to go with them. Instead, Lady asked Pia to occupy the pilot's chair while she was gone, just in case. Pia gave Avaris an apologetic look from the pilot's seat.

Avaris's strategy would have been to have a "safe" subject ready and keep the conversation away from Lady's crush on her. She didn't end up having to use it.

Lady held the door for Avaris at the breezeway and Avaris paused politely to wait for her. The airship shuddered around them as Avaris took her first step toward the kitchen with Lady. Avaris's balance wavered and she stepped down heavily to right herself. A low, staticky tingle started in the bottom of her feet and she hastily tried to ignore it.

Avaris and Lady paused in the hallway. "Wind turbulence. I should go back up," Lady sighed.

"I can do the refills," Avaris volunteered. The floor hummed, and it accelerated the tingling in Avaris's feet.

Lady gave Avaris the two cups, told her the tea orders, and hurried to the bridge. She didn't have a good grip on it and tried to walk softly to the kitchen.

Avaris set the cups carefully on the counter and padded over to the cupboard for tea and sweeteners. The staticky feeling stayed in her feet. Her landing reflex, an odd Andyne physiological response to hard landings that made their bladders let go, had only partially activated. If she stayed off her feet and walked carefully, the static in her feet would fade away on its own in a few hours. Avaris stepped gently up onto a stool for the sugar, feeling proud that she was confident enough to use a stool with her landing reflex threatening.

There was a noise at the sink and Avaris turned her head. Pia was there, filling the kettle. Avaris jolted, wobbled on the stool, and stepped off. She landed heavily on her feet and her landing reflex kicked in fully. Avaris froze and clenched her kegel muscles, letting the first urge well up in her bladder and ebb away. It wasn't empty, but she didn't need to pee.

"What's wrong, Avi?" Pia asked.

The urge to pee was still lessening, and Avaris half-whispered, "Landing reflex."

"It was activated from that?"

Avaris shook her head. "No. The turbulence earlier."

"Oh no...I'm so sorry," said Pia. When Avaris looked up she saw that Pia was pale.

"You didn't exactly..." the landing reflex let up and she straightened with a long, slow breath. "You didn't cause the turbulence."

Pia's cheeks went patchily red. It nettled Avaris how guilty she looked, and she took a breath to speak.

"I did it. On purpose," said Pia quickly. "So you wouldn't have to be alone with Lady. I didn't think that would be enough to make you um..." The patches in Pia's blush filled in. "Well, you're wearing protection...but you'd want to keep that dry."

Avaris nodded. She hadn't brought a spare because she knew she'd be within reach of a bathroom all day, and she'd been doing well in her holding exercises. Avaris inwardly cursed her past self's confidence.

"My landing reflex is sensitive sometimes." Avaris stepped up onto the stool and retrieved the sugar. Pia waited next to the kettle, looking guilty.

"It's that sensitive?" Pia dropped tea bags into their corresponding cups and waited while Avaris portioned out the sugar with a scoop. "Go heavy on the sugar for May. I try to give her less but she always notices and complains."

Avaris nodded and added an extra scoop of sugar to Mayra's cup. "It usually only happens when I'm stressed out or on certain medications, but it also activates more easily in hot weather. I think it might be something to do with summer footwear but..." Avaris looked down. She wore a pair of prettily woven leather sandals. They matched her dress almost perfectly, even if the thin soles and edges on the leather made them uncomfortable. "I can't just wear tennis shoes." Avaris eyed Pia's scuffed, casual pink and black tennis shoes.

"What if the tennis shoes matched your outfit?" The kettle clicked and Pia picked it up to fill the first two cups.

Avaris took a breath to explain why tennis shoes wouldn't work with dresses and paused while Pia poured the boiling water and turned to refill the kettle. She found that she couldn't think of one, and pictured herself in her favorite dresses with matching tennis shoes. Avaris discussed the possibilities with Pia, and Pia recommended a shoe store in Crystal Cove. They continued talking about it on the way to the bridge with tea. Mayra and Lady joined the conversation, and Avaris and Pia made plans to visit the shoe store Pia recommended. Avaris's landing reflex twinged occasionally, but she easily held it.

_________________________________

I thought of a name! And without randomly banging on a keyboard and selecting the first 4-character sequence I see this time. I'm also writing it slightly differently: in Chib the chapters were written the same way I do short stories, but here I'm going to try to keep chapters to a certain length, and maybe not have people peeing in every single chapter. Maybe but probably not.

*002*2025-06-12 21:02

Part 114

Part 2:

"This had better not be a dream," Cyan yawned, walking down a hallway they recognized. It was a sprawling, empty office building. Cyan worked there. Or used to. Cyan's waking brain chimed in, reminding Cyan that they didn't have an office job.

Cyan hurried down the stairs and emerged into an open, sunny office room with a window looking out onto a lake. A grid of indentations crisscrossed the floor where cubicles had once been. In the far corner of the grid, printer ink had stained the floor in a concentrated black blob. Cyan wanted to go further, but there wasn't time. They stood next to the blob, about to overflow, but stubbornly holding off. Cyan couldn't remember crossing the room. Would the ink spread if wet, they thought.

"But I don't need to go," Cyan told the ink blob firmly. It didn't matter: this wasn't Cyan’s memory. Avaris had been bursting.

Cyan threw back the covers and scrambled to their feet. They rushed to the bathroom, one hand down their shorts. They pulled the door shut behind them, didn't bother turning on the light, and made for the toilet, sitting down heavily.

"Ugh, Avi, why," Cyan groaned, aiming their penis downward and letting out a brief burst. They knew it wasn't Avi's fault and vented their frustration in a forceful sigh through their nose, sweating in the chilly bathroom. Cyan's clothes were dry, but a shower sounded good.

Cyan undressed at the bathroom sink and left their clothes there. Cyan's skin was blue. In the mirror, patches on Cyan's arms and groin were more pigmented and they had noticeable tan lines from their tank top and shorts. Their hair was dark green and had grown out just enough to have a slight wave at the ends. It made Cyan look even more disheveled than they felt. A blue tan crossed Cyan's nose and cheekbones, and their pale violet eyes had a strange metallic quality in the wan morning light.

The hot water felt good, and Cyan was enjoying standing under the shower when someone knocked on the bathroom door. Cyan turned off the shower with some regret and reached for their towel. Still mostly hairless after years in hydrostasis, it hadn't taken them long to wash.

"Come in," Cyan called quietly. It was Pia, up for an early day at work. Saoirse would still be asleep.

The door opened a crack, and Pia came in, looking tired in her nightshirt. She turned on the light over the sink and grabbed her hairbrush.

"Morning, Cy," Pia yawned, hurriedly pulling the brush through her long hair. She was about a head shorter than Cyan, and her hair was the same green.

"Do you need to use the toilet? If you do, I'll stay in here until you're finished," Cyan offered, peeking out of the shower.

"I used the toilet upstairs," replied Pia. "I could hear you in the shower. Is everything okay?"

Cyan nodded. "Yeah. I couldn't sleep."

Pia's face flickered. "I'll try to find you a proper bed in Crystal Cove today," she told them.

"Do you think Avi would let me sleep in her spare bed tonight?" Cyan asked, feeling like they were being shameless despite their sore neck.

"Maybe. I’ll ask her today," said Pia.

Cyan sat on the couch and watched Pia buzz about, leaving the bathroom with wet hair and her toothbrush in her mouth. When she left, leaving her home airship in the early morning silence, Cyan stood up and stretched.

"Lady, that’s enough," Miss May hissed somewhere in the office area of the shop. "Keep your voice down. Yarrow is trying to sleep. He's only here because I thought we were taking the runabout this morning."

"My ship has the extra cargo space, and it's faster." Lady's voice was defiant, but she ceased the casual insults.

Yarrow sat in a camping chair in the front corner of the shop with a thermos of strong coffee, hidden but far enough from the wall that he could freely stretch his wings. Yarrow hadn't expected to find coffee outside the Andyne Homeworld, but Miss May kept a good selection. The beverage was surprisingly popular everywhere Yarrow had visited in western Arridamorte, and coffee shops were almost as common as they were on the homeworld in some cities.

In the cupboard containing the coffee, Yarrow had recognized a specific brand from Gyalp, where he was from in the Homeworld: Jayboy Coffee. On the packaging, a bluejay-winged Andyne boy with curly blue hair smiled cheekily at the viewer. Miss May had saved the packaging from one bag of coffee, flattened it, and taped it to the inside of her coffee cupboard. She'd modified the packaging slightly with a paint marker, and the mascot's eyes were yellow and pupilless. The Jayboy Coffee mascot was taller and had darker hair and eyes than the man Yarrow had sought out in the City of Rain, but it looked uncannily like him. Yarrow smiled tiredly in the cupboard's direction and swirled his coffee. He sipped the strong, bitter brew slowly, listening to the hushed voices in the next room.

Outside, Lady's airship, a matte black Andyne model, hovered behind the shop.

"Lady, you don't have to close-"

The door slammed with a metal squeal, a pause, and a rattling clang.

Yarrow waited. His bladder was full, and he knew the coffee would only add to that, but he could ignore it.

The door to the front of the shop opened, and Yarrow recognized Miss Avaris's footsteps. If she'd gone to the archway and looked through toward the front wall, she might've seen Yarrow in his corner, but she tiptoed to the back door.

Yarrow waited another fifteen minutes. The more he thought about it, the more he wanted to get up, relieve himself, and sleep for another hour or two in the thermal tent. Somebody was missing, though: Pia. Yarrow considered getting up to ask her how Cyan was when she arrived, but the back door opened with a shriek and a bang before he could get up.

From the back door, Lady told Pia that Miss May had forgotten some parts and clattered around on the other side of the wall. Yarrow stayed where he was, hoping he could stay hidden.

When they left, Pia tried to close the door quietly until Lady took over and slammed it shut with an impact that rattled the shop wall. Yarrow caught a brief glimpse of Pia outside, mouthing "sorry" toward the two-person thermal tent he'd slept in. He waited for the ship to ascend and stood up when its shadow left the window.

The bathroom was dirty, but not gross. The floor had been swept of debris the day before, and the wood Yarrow had used to block the window was ajar, letting in a lazy flow of cold morning air. Yarrow's bladder throbbed, and he pushed it to the back of his mind when he saw what was in the sink.

"I had that secured," Yarrow told the twisting bundle of fur in the sink reprovingly. The bundle froze, stared up at Yarrow with big gold-ringed eyes, and abruptly hopped out of the sink to zoom around him, its claws clicking on the tiles. It was one of the throcken kits born in May's shop bathroom that spring, and when Yarrow reached down and caught it mid-zoom, he recognized the blotchy black and white pattern in the kit's fur. Its curly little ringed tail wagged madly, and it tried its hardest to lick his hand while he lifted it. "You should be with your mother," Yarrow sighed. He took the kit outside, telling himself he could wait. In the legal office at Spoons, Yarrow had routinely held it for a day or more without noticing, so another five minutes was nothing.

Instead of shouldering the back door open, Yarrow brought the kit through the front and walked around the shop. The sun was blindingly bright, throwing cold blue shadows and warming Yarrow's face and wings. The kit, who had climbed up his sleeve and contentedly clung to his upper arm, basked too, and Yarrow slowed to prolong the walk before he stepped into the shop's shadow. The medical unit that Cyan had arrived at the dockyard in sat at a low hover near the corner of the building. The kit knew where it was going and happily retreated into the warm unit when Yarrow set it down next to the door flap.

Yarrow stepped into the sun behind the building and stood there, spreading his wings to catch the rays and soak up what heat he could. He’d like a shower, but didn't know if the shop's shower had hot water. Miss Avaris had told him he could use her shower, and he considered it. If he left now, he could use her bathroom too. Or pee in the shower. Or go right here in the open, said the rebellious little voice that sometimes spoke up in his head. Yarrow looked around. A sliver of Ms. Sylls's boatlike Renoige airship was visible past the wall, but there was no movement, and the throcken weren't coming out of their home: it was too early.

Yarrow made his decision. He faced the sun and spread his feet on the ground. The small rebellious part of him whooped in victory. He closed his eyes, pulled down the waistbands of his layers of pants, and relaxed with a long, contented exhalation. The first drip warmed his urethra.

"Yarrow!"

Yarrow jumped, but he was awake enough to recognize the voice. His body chose that moment to let go, and the sudden decrease in pressure made him sigh. The flow whizzed and pattered loudly on the damp earth. If anyone else were approaching Yarrow, he would've panicked, but it was Cyan. Yarrow lowered one wing gingerly to glance over his shoulder and greet them, careful to keep the stream aimed when he turned. He couldn't help but blush when they made eye contact.

Cyan wore their sweater from the Foxfire Festival over a subtly patterned knee-length floral skirt. They waved and joined Yarrow in the sunlight, standing at a respectful distance while Yarrow emptied his bladder. There wasn't much to see: Yarrow was small, and between all of Yarrow's layers - a tank top, undershirt, and a sweater under his Foxfire sweater, a pair of warm sweatpants borrowed from Miss Avaris, and two layers of lighter pajama pants underneath - only the tip of Yarrow's penis was visible, and that was if he pushed out his hips. He inwardly chastised himself for wanting to show off.

"M-m... morning, Yarrow," Cyan yawned, causing Yarrow to yawn too. "I like your hair like that. How'd you sleep?"

"Good morning, Cy. Not bad, but I could use another hour or two...what does my hair look like?" Yarrow tried to remember whether he'd looked at himself in the mirror in the bathroom. He glanced over at the windows and caught his reflection. His black-outlined gull wings (kittiwake would be more accurate, but "gull" was quicker and easier to say) looked fine, and his light gray-blue hair was messy.

"It looks good," Cyan said sleepily.

Yarrow shuffled on the ground with his slipper, staring at his feet. There was a slight incline, and the puddle he made flowed away from him before soaking into the ground. He stopped and let himself drip. "Thanks. Do you need to go?"

Cyan didn't need to pee, so Yarrow led them around the shop to the front door. The hinges were noisy, but it wasn't as loud or jarring as the back door. Inside, the shop was warmer, and the thermal tent was slightly more so. They snuggled up together under the blankets. Cyan's body heat was comforting, and Yarrow could feel himself being pulled down toward sleep immediately. Neither of them were horny, and Cyan's eyes were already closed. Yarrow closed his eyes, feeling cozy.

"Cy?" Yarrow yawned.

"Yeah?"

"How did you sleep last night?"

Cyan stretched lazily. "Not great. This is better."

"Well, when I get-" a wail shattered the silence in the shop. Yarrow sat up.

Cyan sat up, shaky from dozing off. "What's that?" they asked blearily.

"The radio console," said Yarrow. "I should get it. It might be an emergency if someone is calling this early. You stay warm in here, alright?" Yarrow kissed Cyan on the cheek and unzipped the tent. He stepped into his shoes and ran across the floor, hoping it wasn't some life-or-death emergency so early in the morning. Yarrow caught a glimpse of the clock on the radio display, almost tripped, and tore his gaze away to pick up the receiver.

"Is this the Black Iris dockyard?" asked a voice. It was feminine and familiar, but it wasn't Miss May, Pia, or Lady.

Yarrow hastily composed himself. He'd familiarized himself with the phone etiquette in Arridamorte and said quickly. "This is the Black Iris dockyard."

___________________________________________________

Part 2! I'm gonna post a chapter every two weeks, and might post art if I have the motivation to hook up my tablet, and I'd be going for more NSFW than previously if possible. Currently I'm on part 7.

*003*2025-06-25 15:12

Part 115:

Part 3:

When Saoirse opened her eyes, she was alone. In the bed where Pia had slept, Pia had neatly laid out one of her recently worn sweatshirts. Saoirse vaguely remembered Pia kissing her when she'd left earlier: Pia had an early day at work, flying out to Crystal Cove. Saoirse needed to use the bathroom, but not enough to get up. She rolled over to look at the clock - almost half past nine - and went back to sleep, clutching Pia's sweatshirt. It was comforting to smell her.

In the boatlike airship next to the dockyard shop, Rabbiane Sylls, or Rabb, sat reading on her outdoor deck. In the past few days, she'd gone on a shopping trip in Segoe with her cousin Saoirse and Saoirse's partner, Cassiopeia, Pia for short. The town in the valley below the dockyard was called Segoe. Rabb thought the name sounded like a default font in some computer program, but "Segoe" was also what the native Amphibious and Aquatic people referred to their world as. Arridamorte, where she was, was just the largest continent. It was also the most isolated and the only land in the eastern hemisphere. The smaller continents and islands on the other side of the planet had more and better connections for interworld travel. Still, the lonely continent had a good-sized population and thriving import and export businesses.

Rabb had found an entire shop selling coffee in Segoe and bought multiple bags of her favorite brands. She'd gotten up around eight in the morning, and the mug on the arm of her deck chair was her fifth cup. The caffeine had made the post-surgery pain meds for her feet work faster, but her hands were starting to shake, and her book was getting increasingly difficult to focus on. She checked her phone and found she had a text message from her friend and colleague, Millie.

Rabb closed her book and set it on her lap. In the message, Millie told her that the joint university trip to Blue Island was over early. She had a few questions for Rabb, which Rabb spent the next ten minutes answering. Rabb finished a message with, "There's room. Sersh says it's the slow season here."

Rabb sent the message and stood up, stretching. Pressure in her lower belly made her pause and look around. She couldn't see or smell anyone nearby, and the young gull-winged Andyne man camping in the shop hadn't emerged. Rabb would even have an alarm: the shop's back door had jolted her from sleep more than once that morning. She felt bad for the gull-winged kid. Rabb tried to remember his name, but her brain felt a little fuzzy from her pain meds, and all she came up with was "Mallow." As in marshmallow? She could ask later, she decided.

"I need to take my trash out anyway," Rabb sighed to herself, approaching the railing.

Rabb was Renoige, a short-haired orange tabby with random white blotches and bright white eyespots on the backs of her catlike ears. The hair on her head was long and straight, cream-colored, and streaked with orange and white in places, swept up into a lazy ponytail while she lounged in her slouchy clothes. Rabb's tail was long and fluffy, mainly orange and ringed with a patch of white at the end, and it swayed slowly behind her while she squinted around and sniffed the air to triple-check that she was alone. Satisfied, Rabb unbuttoned her pants and let out the coffee she'd drunk through the railing. Rabb could smell two brands of coffee, her medications, and even the little jolt of pleasure when Millie had confirmed her travel plans a few seconds ago in her urine. If she tried harder, she could tell more, but she wasn't up for it. Renoige had especially sharp senses of smell and could learn much about a person from only the scent of their urine.

Rabb sighed and glanced down. Like most Renoige women, she had an enlarged clitoris that mostly acted and functioned like a penis, which she could retract for penetration and could theoretically give birth through, though she didn't ever plan to do that. It was extended today, swollen from holding back her bladder for the last half hour, and her urine was yellower than it should be.

"Why did you have to tell me about that, Digit?" Rabb snorted aloud. Digitalis was her best friend Arthur's partner and a fellow instructor at the City of Rain University. His program was security-based with an athletic component, and he infamously gave his students and friends the "pee color lecture" about hydration. Now, every time Rabb noticed her pee was yellow, she thought of him. "Darn it," Rabb groaned.

When Rabb finished, she picked up her phone.

"I could take the next leg, give you a break," suggested Pia. All four of them had gone into the donut shop. May had bought three dozen, both for emotional support carbs and to have something to snack on later. Pia and Avaris carried the donut boxes while May and Lady took the drink carriers.

May thought it over, stopping at Lady's ship to let Lady and Avaris board. It gave May a few extra seconds to think and stretch her legs. She entered behind Pia, who closed the door behind them.

"I'd like a break, but if you need me to take over, just let me know," said May. "I thought I'd be piloting today, and it feels like I'm not doing much." In the bridge, Lady folded a table from the wall, on which Avaris set a donut box. May recognized the odd stiffness in Avaris's step and frowned. She glanced at Pia, who blushed, knowing what it was, but didn't say anything. May saw her chance to speak with Avaris when Pia couldn't hear them, so she pulled Avaris to the kitchen while Pia and Lady pulled the ship out of the field they'd parked in.

"What is it?" Avaris asked, sipping her iced coffee.

"Pia's..." May glanced over her shoulder, but the ship was already beginning the ascent for the next leg of the trip. She decided not to chance it. "You remember."

Avaris stared, her almond-shaped, coral-pink eyes wide. They widened further, and she said, "Oh! Is it ready today?"

May nodded. "I’m scheduled to pick it up at noon."

Avaris opened her mouth to reply, stopped, and set her drink down. She hid it well, but her wings stiffened behind her. She made eye contact with May and her face flushed. A long moment later, it passed, and Avaris breathed easier. Her body relaxed so subtly that May might not have noticed if she had been distracted or hadn't been watching Avaris's wings. That was one of the few things May missed about the Homeworld: it was always easy to tell how other Andynes were feeling from their wings, which made most Andynes terrible liars if you knew what to look for.

"How long has your landing reflex been misfiring?" asked May.

Avaris casually picked up her coffee and replied, "Since the uh...wind turbulence earlier."

"Oh. Really?" That surprised May. It hadn't been much, just a brief shudder. May hadn't thought Pia could do that on purpose, but she had.

"I think it has something to do with my sandals," sighed Avaris. "It's why Pia and I started talking about shoes."

May nodded and looked at Avaris's shoes. They were nice, if somewhat uncomfortable-looking sandals with hard bottoms. Hard-soled shoes were known to help stimulate the landing reflex, but that was mainly for long-distance flyers, whose extremities went numb in cold conditions and needed that extra kick to activate the reflex after long flights. "Is it always that sensitive?"

"Sometimes."

"Is there anything I can do to help?" May asked on the walk back to the bridge.

"Like what?" asked Avaris. She eyed the bathroom as they passed, and they both stopped before the door to the breezeway. "Is there a trick that flyers use to resolve a landing reflex?"

May shook her head. "Nope. Once it starts, it doesn't stop. All you can do is fill up quickly and hope for the best. Hot drinks with lots of caffeine do it for me. I could make some tea."

"I think I've got it, but thanks for offering," said Avaris.

May almost stayed behind to use the bathroom, but she knew Lady would start harping on Yarrow if she wasn't there. Lady was trying hard to impress Avaris, which May couldn't blame her for, but May didn't like that she was putting down Yarrow to do it. Lady had been a good friend and reliable associate since May had purchased her name from her, and she didn't want to sever their relationship over this, but she would if she had to.

At the dockyard, Rabb couldn't stand to put it off any longer. She'd been staring at her garbage bag for half an hour while she made breakfast and finally decided to take it out. She could invite Saoirse and her blue-skinned roommate to eat with her while she was about: Pia had said she and Ms. Eneko would be in Crystal Cove until at least lunchtime.

Rabb used the nearest stairs to the ground, walking around the corner of the shop toward the incinerator. She wanted to ask Mallow if the dockyard could accommodate her friends, and looked toward the shop. In the windows, she saw only the vague outline of the thermal tent he was camping in. On the breeze, she picked up the distinct scent of morning urine, Mallow's. Her brain translated the smells before she could stop it: sleep, the defining feature of it being "morning" urine; coffee; faint discontent and amusement; and he'd orgasmed recently. Rabb sighed. That sort of TMI was normal for Renoige.

The covered concrete slab where the incinerator sat was chilly in the shade, but it was easier on Rabb's foot than the uneven dirt. Rabb glanced toward the shop windows again, but from that angle, the morning sun glared blindingly off the glass. She turned her head and looked through a window in the shade and met a pair of inky dark eyes attached to a pair of gull wings. Inwardly, Rabb couldn't decide whether to call him "Mallow" or "Gull Boy." Mallow/Gull Boy was speaking into a receiver of the radio console, and Rabb thought he looked surprised. He dazedly raised a hand in greeting while carefully hanging up the receiver. Rabb waved and tried to communicate that she needed to talk to him.

"Come around. Front," Mallow/Gull Boy mouthed, motioning. Rabb nodded and rounded the building, walking carefully on her healing foot but enjoying the warm sun.

Rabb met Mallow/Gull Boy at the shop's front door. He let her in, and she could smell that her cousin's blue-skinned roommate/in-law - also Gull Boy's partner? - was in the building. Both only smelled tired and not amorous, which assuaged Rabb's fear that she was about to walk in on something. Otherwise, Mallow/Gull Boy smelled of excitement, probably whatever he'd been talking on the radio about, coffee, a half-full bladder, and of the blue-skinned one. Cyan, Rabb recalled. Pia's...sibling?

"Ms Sylls," said Mallow/Gull Boy professionally. His typically perfect helmet of blue-gray hair was tousled, and he wore the clothes he'd slept in, but he looked happy, Rabb thought. "What can I help you with?"

"I have some friends asking about coming here. Are you able to take on more guests?" Rabb asked.

Mallow/Gull Boy glanced around the front desk area. "We should be. Have they got an airship?"

Rabb nodded. "They'll rent one somewhere. They should be here by late Monday. Do they need to call you directly or make reservations to book their stay?"

"They can if they like," said Mallow/Gull Boy, brightening. "We only need reservations when we're busy."

"Great. Thanks-" Rabb didn't want to call him Mallow or Gull Boy. She said the first name she thought of that wasn't either of those: "-Daffodil." Rabb bit her tongue guiltily.

"Yarrow," said Yarrow patiently. "No last name."

"Yarrow. Sorry, that just slipped out," said Rabb, mortified. She wasn't good with names on a good day, but since her recent foot surgery, it had gotten worse.

To Rabb's relief, Yarrow didn't seem to mind. He'd overslept and needed to get to work for the day, so Rabb bid him a good day and left, hearing movement from the thermal tent in the larger shop area.

###

Posting Part 3 a day early because I went three weeks without posting instead of two between parts 1 and 2. Also I have an unexpected day off before the long holiday week. There's some art, but that's of a character I'm not introducing for the next 2-3 chapters.

