Victoria and Nicole

Author: Anonymousfox

*000*2025-06-27 06:44

I’m sure my format is wrong. Maybe a misspelling. Sorry. If people like part one I have another I’m working on. Let me know?!

Victoria and Nicole

Fiction

Two young women living together mid twenties. They had known each other since childhood and had their “accidents” together countless times. They had peed their pajamas,jeans,swimsuits,underwear,sweatpants,leggings,shorts,skirts,towels,pads,pillows, blankets.

They dared each other to do things in public,outside at night,but never allowed to remove any clothing publicly until inside the privacy of a locked bathroom or until they got home. Or they’d have each other say what they wanted to see or how they wanted to see the other pee while they were home. Victoria and Nicole had a very complex friendship that occasionally crossed the line of friends. They both dated guys over the years.

Sharing the intimate details of whoever was in a relationship at the time. But Victoria and Nicole had always kept their peeing moments and sexual releases in front of or with the other a secret. That was “their” thing and they didn’t want to try it with whoever had a boyfriend at the time.

Victoria and Nicole respected each other that had a boyfriend at the time and didn’t cross boundaries or cheat in their relationships. It was just a bond they created over the years and knew each others tells and hints and didn’t have to feel insecure or nervous or overthink how and which way they wanted to pee and cum without shame or judgment. Freedom that they didn’t get with someone they were dating.

And when they were both single they would sometimes masturbate in the same room. Each of them having their own hints and teases and secret code of different levels and intensity of looking at each other, showing their own sexual desperation their body was aching for, by touching themselves and signaling exactly what the other needed. Then Nicole knew what Victoria wanted from her and how they needed the others touch or tongue or fingers or friction to rub against each other and vice versa. Or signaling that they just wanted to pee and cum just by watching one or the other or both, pee different ways and watch how the other would get themselves off in various ways.

Everytime Indicating without confusion if they just needed to watch or if one or both of them needed physical touch. Each having different ways to cum. Both having two favorite ways to cum and of course how each of them enjoyed peeing on the floor,bed,steps,couch,tub,kitchen. Etc.. Victoria loved to just flood herself or Nicole when she was absolutely bursting.

She would always let out 3-5 seconds of bursts of gushes about ten or less times so she could see her clothes get hot and wet against her sensitive stimulated throbbing clit, Her tight soft slit dripping with adrenaline and desire. She loved to rub herself a few times to feel that pure pleasure of the first few leaks of heat and the pleasure of rubbing against the material against her delicate womanhood. Victoria was more the type to pee while humping Nicole or pillows or armchair or couch or towels or blankets. She loved the friction and having something between her legs to soak. She loved the control of her thrusts and how fast or slow she wanted it.

Nicole was more the type to use a vibrator on her clit or just used her fingers or have her clit sucked and licked while being fingered. She was also a squirter and Victoria always loved making her squirt. Victoria loved watching Nicole’s body react and move to the power of her touch. Watching Nicole’s facial expressions. Hearing the ways she moaned. Victoria loved seeing the look in Nicole’s eyes, when Nicole peed and when Nicole was turned on, seeing the different levels of desire that Nicole was feeling as they edged each other. Lost in each others eyes.

When Victoria was at her limit of holding in her pee, she would always let out a moan and Nicole knew what was about to happen. She was going to flood Nicole or the chair she was in. Or the bed. The patio. The couch. The floor. Clothes. Bedding. Etc.. Whenever Victoria was about to flood herself she always let out a moan. Sometimes softly,loudly,full of sexual energy. It was one of the best parts that Nicole loved watching and hearing when they got physical with each other or in front of each other.

Nicole usually was rubbing herself frequently once Victoria would look at her and say she had to pee. In different tones and looks. Sometimes a plea tone as if they were asking. Other times with an intense raspy almost whisper. And desire of needing a connection from each other because each of them needed the sexual release and needing to feel someone’s touch as they just let go and peed and gave themselves or each other usually multiple orgasms. Anytime Victoria would say she needed to pee, Nicole would instantly start dripping pee at the thought of what was about to happen between them.

They were the type of women that really take the time and enjoy the prolonged stimulation from head to toe and how sensitive womens bodies get, the more sexually charged we are and how mentally intoxicating it is to stay in that sexual state of mind, physically being excited and sensitive and forgetting the world exists .

Doing different things but neither allowing themselves to cum for awhile. Hours. Victoria would keep trying to hold back her big bladder. Nicole loved to watch her get desperate and having known her “friend” for so many years her every tell of what level her desperation was at.

Nicole was more of a tom boy. Typically in jeans and a comfortable shirt loosely fitting to cover her body. She didn’t like showing off her body. Victoria obviously was more feminine and enjoyed tight dresses and tight jeans or tight shorts and yoga pants. Corsets. Push up bras and tight v necks were causal go to. Always wearing her hair differently and always wearing some degree of make up. She was always usually in high heels of some sort. She loved how they looked and felt when she flooded herself.

Peeing with each other was a secret bond that they craved over the years. Peeing with each other was addicting to them. The pleasure from releasing, letting go, gushing, leaking. The mindset it put them in. Just peeing with each other was something they enjoyed as much as they could do it. Growing more frequent over the years.

