Bittersweet Candy Bowl: Drunken Debauchery

Author: AlmightyIdiot

*000*2022-11-18 14:28

Gently caressed in tucked blankets, the knocked out pup awakes from her long slumber. The world gradually filled itself in, eyes adjusting to the bright sun shining out from the cracked window. A drawn out moan filled the air, carrying the foul breath of alcohol and vomit. The intense rays were kryptonite, feeling incapacitated and down right sick. Turning to her side to face away from the radiance, her body lashed out from the previous night’s ordeal. Volumes of beer hijacking its host, causing a spasm of the bladder. Her daze became shock, unable to withstand the assault of piss, leaking on the mattress cover, enough to douse her legs and draw an island the size of a golf ball. Even after several hours since her last drop of liquor, her face blushed a crimson rose. Looking around the walls and bed, she knew this was not her home.

Despite the urgency, the poisoning hindered Rachel’s movements. A weak toss of the sheets and first footing from bed, she nearly fell on the floor if not for landing back onto the bed. A bottle of booze collapsed alongside her, disturbing its rest by the misstep launching it forward into the wall with a bang. As if it cried, the remaining contents of the vessel wildly let loose on the floor. All the while, the sudden impact discharged another volley of piss droplets, hailing the wooden floor with more vile toxins. Clamping her legs together with the assistance of a free hand, her body got more soaked, but barely kept it all together. Her face turned sour, biting her lips in pain and frank disgust of her sodden state.

“HhheeElllllllLLOOooooooooo,” the white dog cried wearily after making it out of the bedroom relatively unscathed. She could loosely remember the big birthday bash that happened last night, there had to be someone around, even then, this was someone’s trashed home. Looking down from the hallway she could see the living room in complete disarray, cushions thrown about, more discarded cans and bottles littering the house, even a couple of knocked out guests succumbing to a hangover. It would be nice to help clean all this up, but she had to clean herself up first. Continuing down the corridor, the bathroom was only a couple rooms away. Reaching into her mind, she remembered the line wrapping around to the stairway when she looked at the area. A small hic escaped as she tiptoed to the door. Not wasting any time to open it, she twisted and pulled the knob to hear a thud. Flabbergasted that it was unusable even now, Rachel bent her rear back and knocked, “Pleeeeeassssee huurrrrrrrrry.”

Pounding more intensely as each second passed, she could not afford to wait much longer. Another wave riled up in her bulging bladder, stopping her rampant knocking and used everything she had in her to survive. Bending further into a squat, her face reached forward, smacking into the wall of wood in front of her. Her eyes pressed shut, she could feel a light shining on her face. Peeking them open, she saw the light inside the bathroom and then the leg of whoever was occupying the toilet. Their snore rang against the white dog’s big ears, taunting her to get through. Her sphincters won another round of defense, allowing her to try and barge through them. She needed that toilet, pushing her body against the sleepy lug with the door. But alas, her tiny frame did not allow her to prevail against someone twice her size. Unable to wake them or move their whole body, she had another risky plan.

Using the gap available, she squeezed her head through and soon the rest of her body, climbing over their legs. Peeking in the room, Rach’s pupils shrank to see Matt. It was nice to see one of her besties, but not like this. As she raised her leg, a spurt came out with no warning. Rushing out of that perilous state, she jammed her foot down between the legs of the large cat and hurried to bring the other foot to the same spot. Finally in the bathroom, her pee could come out freely, disobeying Rachel’s will.

Not now! She thanked a higher power for having him asleep for what she was about to do. The dam burst, she twisted her body and used her butt to make space between the man’s legs. Feeling flesh and steaming hot urine cascading down, her jaw agape followed a soothing sigh. Urine splashed all around, first hitting the tiled floor, then reaching the toilet seat briefly as her ass thrusted back to the man’s crotch; soon spraying his dick with yellow nectar along with the intended interior of porcelain. Basking in the heavenly feeling, letting go of all that unneeded pressure in her abdomen, her tail wagged, tickling the large man’s belly.

If he had a snot bubble, it would pop there and then. Jolted awake, he felt foreign fur on his lower half and the steaming current from the waterfall emitting next to him. Matt shifted back before the wagging tail could make him giggle, to give her more space, and remove his penis from the splash zone. Lost in ecstasy, she couldn’t fathom what was happening behind her. He remained seated despite the sore feeling in his legs, his large figure would allow him to evade. Looking down, it was obvious who it was breaking his private time and personal space. A smirk formed, he closed his eyes and did his best impression of his snoring and sleep talked, “Moooom, fried chicken for breakfast?”

His wit did not get through to Rachel, she was still in her own world of relief, her bloated bladder getting emptier by the second. Trying to get any reaction, Matt snored absurdly loud. Practically breaking her eardrums, Rachel regained consciousness of who was there. By instinct, she started to turn her head back, finding his head up to the ceiling and drool crawling down his chin. Convinced by his act, she turned back sighing, forcing the rest of her stored pee out, continuing a hissy stream. As the water below bubbled, the stench of alcohol ridden urine assaulted Matt’s nose, “Ughhh, why …. pair asparagus with fried chicken mom…” pinching his nostrils shut.

Once again Rach looked back to the source of commentary, aware of his changed posture, “MATTIE!” she shrieked, “uh, good morning.”

“Feeling better, my drunken queen?” He offers a roll of toilet paper.

Almost tapped out of her natural beer, “Lots,” she pushes his hand away,” but my legs reek. Gonna take a shower when I’m done here.”

“Not often I take two showers in one day, you got me good,” his crotch fur damp and separated.

“Oh no! I’m really sorry Matt, I couldn’t hold it.” Droplets splashing the murky water, her urethra pushes out to make however many short streams to completely empty her bladder. Doing so while arching back gets some on Matt again.

“Or aim, not like you can see where it’s going,” a tad ticked, but knows he can wash it off soon.

Blushing at her piss poor aim, hitting him in the crossfire, “Oh hush!”

Rachel gets up, finally allowing Matt to do the same and flush.

Both looking at the shower, Matt offers her to go first, “I’ll start inspecting the damages and clean up what I can.”

Leaving the room completely to herself, Rachel starts up the hot water. Without missing a beat, she could hear Matt’s expletive of how utterly trashed his beach house was.

