The discovery of the gothic girl (+GIRL PICTURES)

Author: Ankonia

*000*2025-03-16 16:33

Mary, with her short white hair that draped her face like a snow cloud, was a goth girl who attracted attention wherever she went. At twenty, she had already developed a taste for everything dark, mysterious and forbidden. Black was her color, tattoos her passion, and horror films her drug. That evening, however, boredom had wrapped her like a heavy blanket. Scrolling the web, she came across a film that promised to be one of the scariest ever. “Perfect,” she thought, with a mischievous smile. She prepared herself as if for a ritual: a giant bowl of chips, a two-liter bottle of Coke and the most comfortable sofa in the house. The room was bathed in soft light, only the computer screen illuminating her pale face and her curious eyes.

The film began with an eerie atmosphere, typical of psychological thrillers. Mary nibbled on her chips greedily, sipping her Coke nonstop. The tension in the room grew as fast as the tension on the screen. Her bladder, however, began to remind her that it wasn’t just the movie that was pressing. She bounced on the spot, trying to ignore the growing sensation, but fear and excitement were mixing in a dangerous cocktail.

Halfway through the movie, during a particularly intense scene, a jumpscare caught her by surprise. The scream that escaped her was muffled by the pillow, but her body reacted in a completely unexpected way. Her pee escaped, hot and unstoppable, wetting her gray leggings and half the couch. Mary stood still for a moment, her heart pounding. But instead of feeling embarrassed, she felt a strange wave of pleasure course through her body. The sensation of wetness between her legs, the heat spreading, was something she had never felt before.

With a furtive smile, Mary let herself go. With every jumpscare, every scene that made her jump, her bladder gave a little more. Her leggings were soaked through, clinging to her skin like a second skin. The contrast between fear and pleasure was electrifying. She felt alive, as if she had discovered a secret that only she could understand.

When the movie ended, the room was oppressively silent. Mary stood up, feeling the liquid slide down her legs. She should go to the bathroom, change, wash away the feeling. But the dark hallway, with the shadows dancing on the walls, was too scary. “Tomorrow,” she whispered to herself, heading for the bedroom.

The bed, with its white sheets and velvet pillows, was her safe haven. But that night, the nightmares inspired by the movie haunted her. She woke with a start several times, her heart in her throat, her bladder still giving out, creating yellow puddles on the sheets. The mattress got wet, the sheets stuck to her skin, but Mary felt no shame. In fact, every time she let go, she felt a shiver of pleasure run down her spine.

In the morning, sunlight filtered through the curtains, revealing the chaos of the night. Mary stretched, feeling the dampness between her legs and the weight of the wet sheets that were now pale yellow. But instead of feeling embarrassed, she smiled. That night had been a revelation. She had discovered a part of herself that she didn’t know existed, a hidden desire that made her even more fascinating in her own eyes.

She stood up, her leggings completely wet and smelly and sticking to her skin, and looked at herself in the mirror. Her eyes shone with a new light, as if she had found a secret treasure. “Who would have thought?” she murmured, touching her white hair. “The dark always hides the most interesting things.”

That night remained etched in her memory as a strangely unforgettable experience, a chapter of her life that she would jealously guard, knowing that it was only the beginning of a new, exciting adventure.

NUDE VERSION:

*002*2025-04-04 12:58

PART 2- IN THE GYM

Mary had embraced her new passion, the feeling of heat spreading between her legs, the wet weight of her clothes clinging to her skin, had become an integral part of her daily routine. At home, the toilet had become an almost forgotten object. She peed in her clothes while cooking, while watching TV, even while reading a book, giving in to the forbidden pleasure that came from it. But, as often happens with obsessions, the novelty began to fade, giving way to boredom. Mary needed something more, a more intense emotion, a thrill that made her feel alive.

And so the idea of wetting herself in public began to take shape in her mind. Not in the middle of the street, no, that would have been too obvious, too banal. She wanted a crowded place, but not too crowded, a place where she could feel observed without being immediately recognized. The gym, which she had recently joined, seemed like the perfect place. No one knew her there, and the setting was ideal for her little experiment in public humiliation.

That morning, Mary prepared herself carefully. She put on a pair of tight blue leggings that accentuated the curves of her body, and a sports top that revealed the shape of her breasts. She didn’t use the bathroom for most of the day, drinking water at regular intervals to ensure her bladder was full and ready. By the time she finally got to the gym, she was already feeling desperate, her legs tense and her lower abdomen throbbing with an urgent need.

She walked in with a forced smile, trying to appear normal, but inside she was a whirlwind of excitement and fear. She headed for the treadmill, starting to walk at a moderate pace, trying to ignore the pressure building between her legs. But it was no use. With each step, she felt a small leak, a drop sliding down her thigh, wetting the fabric of her leggings. The heat spread quickly, and soon a dark stain began to form on the blue fabric.

The gazes of the other gym-goers were soon there. Some looked at her with curiosity, others with disgust. Some laughed openly, commenting out loud. “Look at that one, she peed herself!” a boy said, nodding toward Mary. She felt the blood rise to her face, but instead of stopping, she quickened her pace on the treadmill, as if she could escape her humiliation.

The stain continued to grow, spreading like an oil stain, wetting the tight fabric more and more. Mary could feel the liquid running down her legs, hot and sticky, and her heart was pounding. She was excited, terrified, humiliated, and yet she couldn’t stop. The sensation was too intense, too real.

“How disgusting!” a woman exclaimed, walking away from her with a grimace of disgust. Mary looked down, seeing the puddle forming at her feet. The gym floor was wet, and her scent was beginning to waft through the air. She felt exposed, vulnerable, and yet there was something incredibly exciting about that moment.

Finally, she couldn’t take it anymore. Her bladder gave out completely, and a heavy stream of urine ran down her legs, soaking her leggings and shoes. Mary stopped, hands on her thighs, breathing hard. The gazes of the others were fixed on her, some with disdain, some with a kind of morbid curiosity. She felt naked, exposed, as if everyone could see her darkest thoughts.

Her heart pounding, Mary stepped away from the treadmill, leaving a trail of pee on the floor. She headed for the exit, her head bowed, trying to ignore the comments and laughter that followed her. She felt humiliated, but also strangely liberated. She had crossed a line, had lived an experience that most people would never dare to imagine.

Outside the gym, the chill of the evening air hit her, but she didn’t care. She walked to the bus stop, her still-wet clothes clinging to her skin. She got on the bus, finding an empty seat at the back. She sat down, trying to look normal, but she knew her smell was giving her away. The other passengers looked at her suspiciously, some moving away, some whispering to each other.

Mary closed her eyes, letting the wetness wash over her. But it wasn’t over yet. The urge to pee came again, stronger than ever. She looked around, making sure no one was watching her directly, and then, slowly, she let go. A warm, liberating stream slid down her legs, wetting her already-soaked leggings and the bus seat.

Her heart was pounding in her chest, but this time there was no fear, only intense excitement. She felt alive, like never before. When she got off the bus, her legs were shaking, but the smile that lit up her face was genuine. She had discovered a new part of herself, a dark and forbidden part, but incredibly exciting.

As she walked home, Mary knew that this would not be the last time. There was something irresistible in that feeling of loss of control, in that public humiliation that made her feel so alive. And as the wind ruffled her hair, she wondered what she would do next, what new limit she would overcome. Her adventure was just beginning, and Mary couldn't wait to see how far it would take her.

*003*2025-04-26 22:42

PART 3: A WEEK OF PLEASURE

Mary woke up to the sun filtering through the dark curtains of her bedroom. The stench of urine and dirt had become her personal scent, an aroma that excited her and made her feel alive. Her obsession had grown out of proportion after the episode at the gym, and now she could no longer live without this forbidden pleasure. With a week of vacation ahead of her, she decided to let go completely, to explore the limits of her body and mind.

The first step was to lock the bathroom. The key ended up in a drawer, buried under a pile of junk. The challenge was clear: seven days without using the toilet. Mary smiled, her heart pounding at the thought of what she was about to do. She looked in the mirror to admire her toned body one last time before completely letting go for a week.

The first few days were a whirlwind of pleasure and neglect. Mary spent her days on the couch, in front of the TV or playing video games, repeatedly wetting her gray leggings, creating several urine stains of different sizes and colors both on her pants and on the couch. She only ordered junk food: hamburgers, French fries, greasy pizza. Cardboard boxes and plastic bags piled up on the floor, creating a carpet of garbage that covered almost the entire floor. The apartment became a pigsty, the air filled with strong, nauseating odors. But Mary didn't care. In fact, that chaos excited her, made her feel free, without rules.

By the third day, her belly was visibly more swollen. The fat had settled mostly on her ass, which was now soft and hanging, swaying when she walked. She looked at herself in the mirror, caressing the new curve of her hips, and felt a sense of power come over her. Her belly was softer, her ass heavier, her tits still nice and round but now surrounded by a light layer of fat. She caressed her skin, feeling the difference, and became even more excited. She was transforming her body, making it a temple of her pleasure. Her clothes were now very tight on her, her leggings were almost ready to explode, squeezing her waist tightly, making her muffin top even more noticeable. Her armpits were covered in thick, dark hair, and her pussy was now a jungle too. The smell that her pussy gave off was strong, almost pungent, but Mary loved it. She leaned down, smelling her privates, and became excited at the thought of how wild, primal it was.

Her routine was simple: eat, play, get wet. She never changed her clothes, preferring to feel the moisture on her skin. Her sweatpants, now hardened by urine, clung to her like a second skin. Her panties were a distant memory, and her pussy was always free, ready to get wet again. Sometimes, while she played, she touched herself, enjoying the contrast between the heat of her hand and the cold of her urine. The orgasm came powerfully, mixed with the pleasure of feeling dirty, neglected, wild. She ate all the junk food there was in the market and with each passing day she ordered more and more.

On the fifth day, Mary decided to push herself further. She lay down on the couch, surrounded by pizza boxes and empty soda cans, and began to touch herself more intensely. Her pussy was swollen, her hair damp with arousal. She inserted two fingers, feeling the warmth and softness of her flesh. She moaned, the sound drowned out by the noise of the TV. Then, in one swift movement, she wet herself again, urine running down her pants and thighs, mixing with the juices of her arousal. The couch was stained, but Mary didn't care. Instead, she rolled in the dampness, feeling like a goddess of chaos, mistress of her body and her desires.

Night was the most intense time. Mary slept naked, her body sticky and greasy with sweat and urine. Her dreams were vivid, filled with images of humiliation and pleasure. She often woke up, wet again, the sheet now beyond repair. Sometimes, she would get up and go to the kitchen, eating straight from the boxes, without plates or silverware. The food would fall on her stomach, on her breasts, but she would not clean herself. She would lick her fingers, savoring the saltiness of her body mixed with the grease of the fast food.

By day seven, Mary was unrecognizable. Her body was transformed, she had gained at least twenty pounds of pure soft fat, her skin was shiny with sweat, and also greasy from all the junk food that had fallen on her in these hairs everywhere. The smell was strong, a mixture of urine, sweat and fish that filled the apartment. She looked in the mirror, her hair greasy, her eyes shining with excitement. She felt powerful, free, completely herself. The challenge was over, but Mary knew she would never use the bathroom again. This was just the beginning.

She lay back on the couch, surrounded by the mess she had created, and touched herself again. Her pussy was always ready, always wet. She moaned, her body shaking with a powerful orgasm, while urine ran down her thighs, mixing with the sweat and juices of her pleasure. Mary smiled, satisfied. She had found her true essence, and she had no intention of going back.

The apartment was a pigsty, her body a canvas of pleasure and neglect. But Mary was happy, complete. She fell asleep with a smile on her lips, her heart full of excitement for what the future would bring. Her obsession was just beginning, and the world outside didn't know what was waiting for her.


Spoiler

