Bittersweet Candy Bowl: Perfect Play

Author: AlmightyIdiot

*000*2022-04-09 13:05

$$

A hazy evening at Roseville High School, dusty clouds block the night sky where the moon shines. However the building stays alight as several family members enter the lobby and find themselves at the auditorium. Next to the door is a poster: Legend of Ramona featuring a young lad wearing a green tunic with his head tilted slightly up at the sky and a robed figure looming in the background with violent winds lashing at the two. Behind the closed curtains, rampant pacing and clatter fill the set. Closing in on the artists group, the director lashes out,

“Johnny, how much longer til’ the backdrop is painted!

“In 5 minutes.”

“The play starts in FIVE minutes!!” A shaking pointing finger accuses an unassuming good for nothing,

“Katie! Go help them out!”

“I don’t want paint on my fur, that’s so icky.”

“Use that hair dryer of yours to harden it before I bathe you in red!”

With no comeback, she plugs her device and switches the dial to full blast.

One problem down, many more to go.

Sue drinks the last of her roasted coffee. She couldn’t keep track of how many wrongs there were, but she knew if everyone didn’t get their act together, she would be the laughing stock of the school. The director peeks through the curtain to see the masses sitting, a full house. Oh God! That’s so many! Her first written work to be acted out and be seen by so many faces, butterflies were in her stomach thinking this is actually happening. The fantasy playing out in her head is mesmerizing, taking in the brief joy of success. Sounds of fallen equipment nearby knocks her out of the spell and continues her loud tyranny.

Fifteen minutes pass and worry is still the leading emotion for Sue. The play has stalled long enough and the opening act was hastily thrown together to start the show. Any remaining work had to be done in the hallway without being too loud. The unknown results they’re producing in the back were the least of her concerns.

Oh no! Is the roof peeling! And what about Mike, did he perfect his lines! Is that paint still wet and dripping! Did Lucy ever arrive!?! It’s shocking that she didn’t faint under the pressure she put herself under.

“The narrator is stuttering through the opening.”

The hectic cat turns around, gripping and shaking her poor assistant, confirming her fears that this play did not go perfectly.

In her line of sight was one of the troublesome actors that had to be put in line.

“McCain, watch the scene and report any problems!” He thought it’s in his best interest to shut it if he wants to keep his neck.

“Mike!!” She did a small shout but his ears were in shock, dreading what to come.

“You’re in scene three! Do you have everything memorized?!”

“Guh… Yeah.”

“EVERYTHING!” Once again latching on to people’s upper bodies.

“Yes, yes. I got it all down pat,” he said, sweating bullets.

“Good.” She wasn’t totally convinced, but let him go for the time being. She had other issues to fix up.

Geez, I really don’t want to do this now, but I should pee while I can.

Caffeine got the best of her, making her bladder protest as she was tormenting the two boys earlier. However, she couldn’t get her mind off the members she needed to consult. Sue investigates the artist group again, still trying to finish the last of the set backgrounds. There were about ten of them rushing with crayons which was a way better idea to finish that asset. The director doesn’t say a word and marches on to find the actors for the next scene. While the pressure of the play being ruined lowers, the inverse occurs with her bladder.

I can still manage, now to find the scene two actors.

Checking the line of doors, the European Burmese finds someone sitting alone in a chair wearing a robe. She rushes into the room shouting out, “LUCY!” It was a mix of relief and fury, “Where were you, I wouldn’t know what to do without you! When did you even get here” With a pause, the white cat softly says,” I’m sorry, but I’m here now.” Sue would love to press on what happened with her lead actress, but time marches on.

“I’m grateful. Do you need a quick refresh on your lines, we still have a few moments before your scene.”

“Don’t worry about me, I’ll be just fine,” Lucy gives a smile. Confident in her reply, Sue smiles back and makes her way back to the chaos outside.

Leaving the room, a stranger to the theater club looms backstage.

“What are YOU doing back here!” Ah geez, not this prick.

Paulo pushes her harsh voice away with his hands, keeping some distance as he starts to make a point. “Wait a sec, Sue!”

“You’re not in the drama club, SHOO!” She pushes the air in front of him away.

“I need to see Lucy!” He pleads in a soft voice.

Ahhh, why does he have to bug us now. I need to go… She starts looking antsy, eyes unfocused on the orange cat in front of her.

She didn’t look too well when we briefly talked, maybe he can pluck out a few things from her.

After a brief consideration, “Ok, she’s in the door behind me.”

“Please? I’ll do anything… Oh… thanks.”

As he was about to open the door, “Make it quick, she needs to prepare herself for the upcoming scene,” Sue announces as she walks away.

“The oracle foretold that one child would become a great hero…” The play was about to end its first scene, Sue needs to find her last actor before the stage sets up for the next part. Roaming room after room, she finds him in the farthest end of the hallway, away from everyone.

“Hey Haley, how’s Chris doing?” Relaxing in the chair was Mike’s sister holding onto her green clothed baby brother.

“The little actor’s doing great. We just went potty and changed him into his heroic garb.”

Her legs buckled as she said that word, as she annoyingly postponed her need to finish this last job.

“Awesome! I’ll take him over to Michelle in a minute so we can start the next scene.” Sue picks up the little tyke and coddles him into her arms. Haley grabs the door for them and walks with them to the set.

Waiting for the scene to end, Sue endures her throbbing bladder along with a little grabby child. His cat paws are groping around her body as she attempts to make him latch onto her arm. It’s an uncomfortable experience to say the least. Haley got a kick out of it. McCain appears at her side, spooking her at her dismay, but gives a recap of the performance. As Michelle walks offstage to meet with Sue and Chris, she quickly hands him off to her.

“Just keep him on your lap as you’re sitting, you got this!”

And with that, I think I’m good to go. Sue exits the set for a much needed bathroom refreshment. Rushing past the crew, she heads to the stairs on the end of stage and goes past the audience.

Are they bored? Can they appreciate my story? Is the seating any good? Can they hear the narrator? Scrambling thoughts come to her mind as she walks, her nerves acting up again as the audience doesn’t even notice her.

Not far is the restroom, she enters and takes a seat, locking the stall door. She couldn’t recall the last time she sat down, sighing in relief... except there was nothing coming out.

Oh come on! Whyyyyyy! Her bladder felt full enough to go, why wouldn’t anything come out. She took deep breaths, trying to relax. Her hands are jittering all the while, shaking like her heart is beating.

Please! C’mon, they need me over there! And I need you to work with me. Not a drop would come out and after a few minutes, Sue stands up with a sigh of regret. She rests her head against the stall wall, still trying to exercise her breathing, defeated.

Am I going to deal with this the whole play? This sucks! She would cry if she had the strength to despite feeling sad. Leaving the toilet, she washes her hands and rubs some water on her face.

I’ll have to just focus on the play.

She subtly returns to the backstage with an unfulfilled need. It feels like she was carrying a stone walking around. As much as she would love to unfold a chair and sit down to keep her strength, Sue’s mind is set on contributing to the play. The beige cat went over to McCain to review what she had to miss out on and think of what advice to give to the actors for future scenes they’re in. Despite his grabby nature earlier, Chris is being well behaved during his part with Michelle. He holds onto the gray cat’s arm and smiles as she acts like his mother. A smile creeps up Sue’s face,

YES! This is exactly what I was looking for.

Eyes gleam in sight of her vision coming true, not just in front of her but to a crowd as well. Not missing a beat, McCain puts a supportive hand on her back, “Congrats, but don’t you need to manage the actors for the upcoming part?” He would also comment how things could still fall apart, but it wasn’t often he saw her so happy. Sue starts heading further backstage languidly, wishing she could just be an audience member. Leaving the sight of the play, her movement continues to falter.

Ack, this urge is annoying. No need to rush myself.

At a snail’s pace waddling, she arrives at Lucy’s door. Inside was her and Mike, the visitor astonished that he was in here too.

“Oh, perfect,” looking at the scripts they’re carrying.

“Is it time already?” Mike disengages from practicing with Lucy.

“Yeah! Your lil bro did great! The set will be ready shortly.”

Preparing himself, Mike exits the room, slipping past Sue as she watches him scurry off and then closes the door.

“So what did Paulo want with you,” Director Sue perplexes aloud.

Lucy turns her back to her, “It’s nothing.”

“Really? Not even a little encouragement on your role?”

She hides her face under her robe, blushing, “You could say that.”

“If he did anything stupid, I’ll make him payback,” knowing she could nag him to tears.

“Don’t worry about it, drop it,” Lucy says with some force at the end.

Some deafening silence mixes with awkwardness until Lucy fills it, “The play’s great. You did a good job.”

The compliment out of nowhere from Lucy caused Sue’s lips to tingle, it was the nicest thing she heard in a while, especially from her. She could feel herself lose a bit of control, warmth inside of her heart and a bit at her crotch.

Oh crap! She clamps her legs together trying to be inconspicuous about it, “Thank you! Break a leg out there.”

In a mostly one sided conversation, Sue discusses what is to be expected of her performance in the upcoming climax. They practice some more lines and Sue encourages Lucy to do her best, trying to ease off some pressure. All the while, jamming her legs, feeling some pressure herself.

Maybe I should give it another try? With one last appeal to Lucy, Sue leaves the room to sneak out the stage again.

“Hey Sue!” A purple cat yells out. ”The cave background is completed finally! Also, I got all the dirt and rocks for the gray cat’s scene. Can you help me set it up?”

Ah, crap. Forgot about all that.

“All right! Let me help out. What good would I be otherwise,” forcing a friendly tone.

With some other drama club members’ help, they still were having difficulty moving the giant clump to the side of the stage.

Ya know, I probably should have thought of a better way to show climbing in the play. Being authentic sucks.

Her play calls for about a five foot tall pile of dirt and making that happen in the next ten minutes would be hell for anyone to pull off. Thankfully there’s a large crew backstage making it doable, but tiresome. Outside the back exit is a pickup truck with bags of dirt to haul.

Oh, these bags are pretty small. I could carry this easily.

Bending down to pick up the sack causes Sue to crumple with an audible gasp.

“Are you ok!” Jess rushes to her aid.

Her body tenses at the position she kept, threatening to let droplets run loose otherwise.

“I’ll be ok, I just pulled a muscle,” Sue said with gritting teeth.

Jess is completely unimpressed, “Damn, I know you’re a bookworm, but sheesh.”

She offers a hand and the supporting member grabs some pounds,

“I’ll take care of it here, stretch your body out.” Demoralized, she heads back inside, subtly attempting to hold herself with her hand. Watching the drama team dump hefty bags of soil onto the side of the stage, Sue ponders what else she could do at this point, other than using the bathroom.

To be fair, we need the fan for the part after this, but I wouldn’t fare any better moving that if that bag nearly did me in. Her abdomen continues to ache, trying its best to persuade its host to relieve herself. At the very least, it made her unable to stand still in one spot, pacing back and forth, jiggling her thighs in desperation.

Sick and envious of the developing scenery in front of her, Sue saunters off stage to the restroom again. A decent amount of the audience went missing, setting off her anxiety ridden brain with red flags. Doubts of her play form until she arrives at the hallway to see two lines formed at the restrooms.

C’mon, why does everyone need to go!

Not wanting to put up with her pee near all these strangers, she walks past the line to use the bathroom upstairs. Out of sight from everyone, Sue holds herself openly, one hand keeping pressure on her groin and the other gripping the railing, overcoming the steps one at a time. She hopes no one follows her as she ascents, checking back to ensure no one witnesses her in a disgraceful manner. A short yet grueling climb rewards the needy cat to an empty restroom.

Finally, maybe my body will allow me to go this time. She pulls on the door *THUD*

Huh!? Another pull confirmed her fear, locked. Her eyebrows furrow, mind swearing up a storm, and her tail flicks at the ground in despair. She’s bursting with anger and piss. Annoyed at the inconvenience, she takes a walk of shame back down the stairway, seeing the same people earlier.

Even if I was able to go, my bladder would have tensed up again.

Creating a plausible hypothesis of her situation, she stomps back to the back stage. The team has been working hard piling the dirt up. Even if it weren’t close to 5ft, they were making good pace and could work around the size issue. Once again, Jess runs up to Sue, “Sorry about earlier, but you can toss some rocks at Mike for the play,” handing her a sack. It wasn’t often to have the chance to pelt your friend with rocks and get away with it. If there was one thing Sue could look forward to in the play, it’s this.

Struggling is an understatement, getting through the play with this bulging bladder is torture. The rest of the play went smoothly enough, not that she’s paying much attention to it, she couldn’t focus on much. There wasn’t much left to go, the siblings in the story meet after years in a cave.

“I am here to seek answers. What are you doing to the townsfolk?”

Kneeling down, Sue flips the switch on the fan, roaring out razor winds on the two while Jess chucks rocks at the windstream. She’d hate to say it, but a part of Sue wishes her own play was over. Spectating the play, she squirms in her seat, rocking side to side. Well, it’s more like vacantly staring as her mind goes, Don’t peeDon’t peeDon’t pee and so on.

If only there was a pause button to stop the whole production so she could take care of her pee problem. She hasn't even noticed Jess staring in amusement, seeing how fidgety her posture is.

“You deal with this often in the movies?”

She was able to pick up her message despite the blowing fans next to her and her ochre cheeks became red.

“Not… this bad.”

“Yeah, one time I had to use a cup from the movie theater overestimating myself.”

Oh my GOD, why the hell did she have to tell me that, that’s the last thing I want to hear.

Sue shuts her eyes and ears if she could, I will NOT go in the middle of MY play backstage!

She wasn’t dangerously close to wetting herself, it just hurt like hell to bear with. A shining light hit the struggling woman’s eyes, signaling the ending song of the play. That would mean about five or so minutes until it’s over. She caught sight of Lucy’s stunning looks and her ears gave way to her enchanting voice. Lucy for the role of leading actress was perfect. Her music piece soothes the pain Sue felt, for just a moment, she thought she could make it. Taking hold of her angelic voice, Lucy carries the ending of her play. Some audience members were shedding tears, nearly unable to wait for the final scene to end to start clapping. But finally,

“Thank you for saving me.”

The actors all appear for their credits and bow. The curtains close with applause from the crowd. As much as she wants to go, it would be wrong to not give thanks to all her hard working cast before they leave. With Jess’s help again, standing her up, she steadily walks over to Mike looking over at Lucy, “Great job! You came a long way from when we first started.”

The white dressed woman walks away, Mike clearly wanting to pursue, “Here, take care of Chris til' I come back,” thrusting the boy into her arms.

Aw man, where’s Haley? She darts her eyes around to spot her unsuccessfully.

Maybe back at the room where she had Chris earlier? Upon taking one step while carrying Chris, her stomach felt like a dumbbell. Her legs dropped her into a squatting position, barely able to catch herself from losing it.

Shit! I can’t wait anymore. I gotta piss so bad it hurts.

With her legs contorting as if tightened by rope, Sue waddles as fast as she could out of the auditorium. Eyes targeting the bathroom, there weren't as many people compared to earlier.

C’mon C’mon, I’m nearly there.

Opening the door while holding onto Chris is a challenge, but he held on tight to her arm to not fall off as her free hand overcame the obstacle. Fortunately, the handicap stall is vacant, wasting no time to claim it. Locking the door, Sue puts the kid down and wobbles to the toilet. Chris stares at the woman that held him in confusion, sitting on the floor with mouth agape. Making contact with the cool touch of porcelain, she takes a deep breath and hopes something would come out. Her bladder felt like a rock, unwilling to budge. Feeling all the pee sloshing around under her stomach torments Spending so much time to not pee and it wouldn’t come out when she wanted it to. A grimace forms with a tear to match.

Why? What should I do?

As she wept, Chris crawls forward to Sue’s leg, grabbing hold, hugging. Like a spell being broken, a spurt escapes into the bowl, then a small trickle for a brief moment until the floodgates open. Relief at last! The troubled girl gave a sigh of success after so long. A torrent of pee continuously launches at a fast rate, concentrated directly on the water, piercing both Sue’s and Chris’s eardrums. Her bladder still aches as she went, but could feel the slight reprieve of its contents being evacuated. Her leg became warm, Chris still holding strong. Waiting for all of her pee to come out, Sue bends over to pick up Chris and puts him on her lap.

She whispers, “I don’t know how, but thank you,” pressing her temple onto his head. The small gray cat smiles and giggles in response, not knowing any words. Over time, her stream weakens and becomes droplets to a summer rain. Refreshing, she takes some toilet paper and wipes, blocking his view by turning him around. Exiting with a resounding flush, she washes her hands, ignoring any strangers’ thoughts over the little kid, it didn’t matter.

Returning to the auditorium, she eventually meets up with Mike, handing over his baby brother back, saying farewells. Driving back home with her mom she learns that she has a hard journey in front of her if she were to continue theater, but knew she could overcome whatever comes her way.

