Life is Strange desperation story

Author: Arch230

*000*2025-01-27 22:56

This a Life is Strange based story.

It's set in a timeline where Chloe saved Rachel, and now Chloe, Rachel and Max are best friends.

Hope you'll like it 🙂

(I'm sorry if there were some errors but i wrote the story in an other language and then translated into english)

Title: The Night of Desperation

Chapter 1: The Party

It was an evening that Arcadia Bay wouldn't soon forget. Max, Chloe, and Rachel had decided to attend a legendary party outside of town, a chance to break free from the daily monotony. The plan was simple: take Chloe's pickup, an old, rusty brown truck that was beat-up but reliable, and enjoy the night.

Chloe and Rachel pulled up outside the Blackwell dorms to pick up Max.

"As usual, she's late..." said Rachel, rolling her green eyes. "Max, either come out now or we're leaving you here!" Chloe said, sending a voice message to her friend's phone.

After a couple of minutes, Max emerged from the large gate leading to the dorm garden.

She had the classic look of an art student: an open plaid shirt over a white tank top, ripped jeans at the knees, and the ever-present black Converse.

Spotting Chloe's truck, Max waved at her friends and with a smile and a near-skip in her step, she approached.

"I wish I had her zest for life!" Chloe whispered to Rachel, as if Max could hear her from the middle of the street. "Yeah..." Rachel responded, still watching Max.

"Good evening, everyone!" Max exclaimed, reaching the open window on Rachel's side. "Hey, super Max!" Chloe called out, "Punctual as always, I must say!" she added, laughing along with Rachel. Catching the irony, Max replied in a challenging tone, "You know how it is, some of us want to look a little nice, not like you who just puts on a hat and is ready in 20 seconds!" In response, Chloe gave Max the middle finger with a wink.

Rachel opened the truck door and slid to the middle of the long front seat, "Come on, let's get moving! I don't want to arrive after the party's over!" she said.

Max climbed in and glanced at her two friends; Chloe, the punk soul of the group, wore her signature leather jacket adorned with pins, a black t-shirt, and skinny jeans, nothing new, just Chloe's typical outfit for any occasion. Rachel, well... Rachel was showing off a black mini-skirt that reached mid-thigh, a tight silver top that highlighted her curves, and sandals with a slight heel and an ankle strap. Her outfit definitely showcased her model-like body. The final touch was her hair, flowing like a golden cascade down to the middle of her back.

Chapter 2: In Search of Fun

After about 30 minutes of driving, the three girls finally arrived at the party. Rachel, upon entering, immediately grabbed a cup of punch and added a generous splash of vodka.

"Okay girls, tonight we're going to have fun... or die trying!" she toasted, raising her glass. Max and Chloe laughed, accepting the challenge.

Max, more reserved and slightly uncomfortable in the chaotic setting, started with a gin and tonic while she looked around; Chloe, of course, grabbed a beer.

The party was at the old sawmill, abandoned but transformed by various groups of youths into a sort of rave zone! Live bands were playing, but none too famous, “probably garage bands from Arcadia Bay homes”, Max thought as she sipped her drink slowly. The flashing lights and constant movement of people did the rest.

It wasn't long before Rachel, seeking more adrenaline, proposed a round of tequila shots. "Who's afraid of a little tequila?" she asked, handing out shot glasses.

Each girl drank, followed by a bite of lime and laughter. "Another round!" Rachel shouted, and the ritual repeated.

Rachel seemed unstoppable, mixing her second shot with a mojito, then back to vodka punch, and again to tequila.

Max tried to stop her, "Rachel, maybe you should slow down a bit." But Rachel, with a mischievous smile, replied, "Don't talk nonsense, Max, we're just getting started!" Chloe also tried to intervene, "Seriously, Rachel, you shouldn't drink so much!"

But Rachel, holding yet another drink, answered, "Don't worry, girls, no fears!"

Chapter 3: Paying the Price

As time wore on, the effects of the alcohol became more pronounced. Max, never one for excess, switched to a non-alcoholic drink as she felt a slight dizziness that made her sit on one of the many abandoned wooden beams lying around.

"What's a girl like you doing here all alone? Don't you want to have some fun?" an unknown man approached Max.

Max, slightly intoxicated from the alcohol but not enough to miss the implication that he might be trying to sell her drugs or something else, replied, "No, thanks!"

"Are you sure?" the man said in a slightly slimy tone, moving closer.

Max didn't even have time to respond before someone pushed him down, "Didn't you hear her? She said no! Now get lost!" It was Chloe, with yet another beer in hand. The man glared at Chloe but probably realized this wasn't the place for a fight, and left. "Thanks..." said Max, looking at Chloe. "For what?" she replied, "If anyone tries to touch my super Max, they'll end up at the bottom of the harbor!" she added, laughing and hugging Max.

"Come on, let's get another beer!" Max followed Chloe but realized as she stood that all the drinks she'd consumed were having the expected effect: she needed to use the bathroom...

"Is there a bathroom?" Max asked Chloe, looking around. "A bathroom? Have you seen this place? It's lucky it even has a roof!" her friend retorted. Chloe approached the makeshift bar where a man was serving drinks and cocktails: "Hey, two beers!" she ordered.

Max started drinking her first cold beer of the night, "How many beers have you had?" she asked Chloe. "How should I know? I haven't been counting! Maybe the fourth or fifth..." she answered. Max was fascinated by Chloe's ability to handle alcohol but she was clearly used to it.

"Where's Rachel?" Max then asked. "Last I saw her, she was by the stage," said Chloe.

Indeed, Rachel was fully enjoying the night. Her appearance combined with her provocative outfit had caught the attention of many, who one after another offered her drinks. Rachel, who was generally impulsive, became even more uninhibited under the influence of alcohol, indulging in almost sexy dances and continuing to drink, with liquor often dripping from her mouth down her neck, soaking her top.

"There she is," said Chloe, laughing, "I wouldn't expect any less from Rachel at a party!"

Chloe turned her attention to Max, who sat quietly with her legs crossed: "Everything okay, Caulfield?"

"Yes... yes... it's just... I need to pee," Max whispered as if embarrassed. "What?!" Chloe shouted, trying to be heard over the music that was now much louder. "I need to pee!!" Max yelled. Chloe burst out laughing, but indeed, Max had a point; the beers were starting to take effect, and even the tough punk girl was beginning to feel the strain... Meanwhile, Rachel kept drinking; the girl seemed to have no limits after the first shots and countless drinks from various admirers.

She grabbed a double mojito. "How's the party going, girls?!" Rachel exclaimed to Chloe and Max, "Good, good," responded Chloe, "fun, I guess," said Max with a pained expression. Rachel, continuing to dance, returned to the throng while Chloe and Max preferred to stay more on the sidelines. Chloe grabbed another beer, snatching it from the counter when the makeshift bartender was distracted.

"What are you doing?!" Max asked with a tone of rebuke. "What's the problem?" said Chloe, "Never turn down something free." And she drank it as if it were her first beer of the night. Max suddenly stood up and started wandering around. "Chloe, I don't know how much longer I can hold it, I really need to pee!".

Chloe looked at the woods, the thought of going together into the woods to relieve themselves crossing her mind, but it was known that at raves, there could be unsavory characters, and two girls wandering off alone in the dark might attract trouble.

"Hang on just a bit longer, little Max," said Chloe, "I'm starting to feel all these beers too... let's find Rachel and get out of here!" The girls approached the stage but there was no sign of Rachel. They looked around for their friend without success.

"Come on, let's try outside," said Chloe. Once out of the chaotic area, they began searching—bar area, entrance, outside... but nothing. Chloe, starting to worry, began calling out, "Rachel!! Rachel!!"

Max did the same, trying to make her voice heard over the noise.

Rachel came out through the same door they had just exited, her face flushed and breathing heavily: "Finally, I found you," she said with a tone of panic, "I'm about to explode, damn it!" she exclaimed. "What do you mean by explode?" asked Chloe.

In response, Rachel pulled down the elastic of her skirt, revealing a belly swollen as if she were months pregnant.

"What the hell is that?!" Chloe exclaimed, shocked. Max stared at Rachel in silence, her face full of concern.

"I think it's my bladder! God, I'm peeing myself!" Rachel said.

"Damn, Rachel!!" said Chloe, laughing, "We told you not to overdo it! But honestly, I feel like I've got a balloon inside me too..." she added, touching her belly which, compared to when they arrived a few hours ago, was visibly larger.

Max, feeling the discomfort growing, added, "Tell me about it... I've been looking for a bathroom for hours." Seeing Rachel's belly, which looked like it contained an ocean, Max and Chloe decided to compare theirs: it was clear that Rachel's was the most swollen, protruding significantly, "I look five months pregnant!" said Rachel, trying to laugh but clearly in discomfort and pain. Chloe, lifting her shirt to show a less swollen but still noticeable belly, stood beside her. "Yours is a real mountain, Rachel!" The least distended was Max's, "Mine's like it has a softball inside," she said, touching it and feeling pangs of pain each time she tried to press lightly. "I think it's time to go," said Chloe seriously, receiving silent agreement from her friends.

Chapter 4: The Journey Back

The journey back was pure torture. All three sat on the long front seat, with Max in the middle this time. Every bump or curve was agonizing. Rachel, twisting and crossing her legs, moaned at every little jolt. Suddenly, she screamed, "No, no, no!! I'm leaking, fuck! Stop, Chloe, or I swear I'll explode right here! I can't take it anymore!" Without thinking twice, Chloe swerved onto a dirt road, stopping the truck. Rachel tried to get down quickly, but the pressure in her bladder was such that she couldn't move without leaking. "I can't get down, shit! Help me!" she cried, as a small wet spot began to form on her skirt. Max and Chloe, both in evident distress, helped her out of the vehicle.

Chapter 5: The Liberation

As soon as her feet touched the ground, Rachel could no longer hold it. A small stream of pee began to trickle down her long, toned legs, slightly tanned, dripping from her feet through her sandals, a stream that seemed endless, like a small, infinite fountain. "Fuck, fuck, fuck!" she cursed, while Max and Chloe watched, giggling between embarrassment and amusement. Driven by curiosity, Max and Chloe pressed on Rachel's belly, which seemed even more swollen than when they got into the car;

"Aaahhh!" Rachel exclaimed as her friends' hands touched her tight skin, immediately the trickle turned into a strong jet that lasted a few seconds, soaking the ground and forming a small puddle. "Hey! What the fuck are you doing, idiots?" Rachel yelled, pushing their hands away. "Do you want me to explode?! You have no idea how full I am!!" Max commented, "Wow, Rachel, it looks like you have an ocean inside! I imagine it must hurt a lot!" Chloe added, "I've seen dams hold less than that bladder!.…. Shit, you know what? We should have a contest to see who can pee the farthest!" she said after a moment of silence.

Max and Rachel stared at Chloe, and before Rachel could say anything, Max exclaimed, "I'll go first! I can't hold it any longer!" Rachel, with a nervous tone, said, "Are you kidding me, Maxine?! Haven't you noticed I've been literally peeing myself for over a minute, damn it?!" But Max, whose bladder probably held about 850 ml, was already climbing onto the back of the truck and positioning herself.

She pulled down her pants and slightly wet underwear, a sign she had started to leak too. Standing on the edge, she thrust her pelvis forward and began to empty her painful bladder. The stream started suddenly, long and continuous, reaching nearly a meter away. "Oh, thank God, yes! What a relief!" she exclaimed, her body trembling as the stream lasted longer than expected. Watching, Chloe said in a sweet tone, "You're so cute, Max!"

Meanwhile, Rachel was bent over with her hands between her legs, trying to stop the drops that kept coming out. Her face grimaced in pain. "How long are you going to take, Max? Someone here is about to explode!" she said, gritting her teeth.

Max's stream finally subsided, with the last drops wetting her shoes. Massaging her sore belly, Max pulled her jeans back up and climbed down from the truck.

Rachel made to climb up, but Chloe beat her to it. "You all can go fuck yourselves!" Rachel exclaimed, now desperate and in pain. The trickle of urine resumed down her legs as her efforts to stop it became increasingly futile. Her sandals and the ground around her feet were now wet.

Chloe, with a bladder that certainly held over a liter, climbed onto the bed, laughing loudly: "Watch this, amateurs!" she said as she squatted with her legs apart after taking off her pants and underwear.

Chloe's stream started slowly, but within seconds it reached an impressive flow, going about one and a half meters. The humid and cool air made Chloe's stream steam, creating an almost magical effect.

The stream lasted while Chloe enjoyed the sensation of freedom with her eyes closed. "Ah, damn, this is enjoyment! All that beer had to go somewhere..." she exclaimed.

Once done, Chloe climbed down, giving Max a look as if to say "that's how it's done."

Finally, it was Rachel's turn.

Rachel, with a bladder that seemed to hold 2 liters, was trembling, bent over from pain and leaking more drops: "Finally, damn it!" She climbed slowly onto the back of the truck, urinating even more forcefully now, "Shit! I can't take it anymore, I'm exploding!".

She lifted her mini-skirt and shifted her underwear aside with one hand, stood with legs wide, leaning back slightly, and rested her other hand on the bed for stability. Her belly, already huge, seemed immense in this position, with her navel piercing pushed out. It was so swollen that Rachel couldn't even see half of her thighs. "And now... watch this, bitches!" she said, her body spasming as a strong jet burst from her urethra like a fire hose, reaching over four meters away.

Rachel's stream was like a raging river, forming a large arc that rose at least a meter above her with several pressure peaks, lasting an incredibly long time while she gasped and moaned in relief. "Oh, fuck... yes... yes... finally! Ahhhhh!" Rachel cried out, with expressions of pure liberation, each moan corresponding to a peak in the stream's pressure, pushing it even further. The steam from her urine filled the air with a sweet scent. "Ahhh, ahh..." Rachel panted with her mouth open as her belly slowly deflated, her perfect skin shivering.

Max, watching the spectacle, exclaimed, "Damn, Rachel, you're screaming like you've won a gold medal at the Olympics!" Chloe, laughing, added, "I've never seen anyone so happy to pee! Or anyone pee so much... you're incredible, Rachel!"

Rachel continued to urinate with no sign of stopping soon. Her head was tilted back, eyes closed, mouth open in pure enjoyment.

Suddenly, overcome by a lack of strength in her muscles, held taut for so long, she collapsed onto the bed of the pick-up, redirecting the stream towards Chloe's face.

"Help, what the...?" Chloe exclaimed, trying to shield herself from the violent jet of urine from her friend. But she was already drenched as if she'd taken a shower; Rachel's urine dripped from her hair and clothes.

Max laughed, amused by the scene. "Damn, Rachel, how much did you drink? Your pee even tastes like punch!" said Chloe.

Finally, Rachel's stream ended.

She lay back on the truck bed, completely sweaty and smiling, her face that of someone who had just experienced the strongest orgasm of her life. Perhaps she had. Her belly was finally flat, returning her model-like physique.

"Sorry, Chloe..." Rachel panted, "I couldn't control it anymore... and anyway, it's your fault, you bitches, for not letting me go first even though I was the most desperate!!" she added more aggressively.

"Okay, sorry! I've learned my lesson!" Chloe exclaimed, trying to dry off as she returned to the truck.

The three climbed back into the truck, continuing their journey home, leaving behind a puddle of urine so large it looked like it had formed after a rainstorm.

A little later, Max placed a hand on Rachel's belly: "You were incredible," she said softly.

Rachel looked into her eyes, gave a small smile, and whispered in her ear, "You weren't bad either, little Caulfield." Chloe, in a tone of jealousy, exclaimed, "Hey, hey, I wasn't bad either!!"

"Oh, stop it, Chloe, you always pee like that when you drink beer!" said Rachel, laughing.

The three girls burst into laughter, huddled together on the seat.

*001*2025-02-02 12:15

I’m thinking about write other stories on the same theme. Let me know if you would like them 🙂

*004*2025-02-03 08:44

{{43 minutes ago, MikeB said:

Great story!

I like it that the girls were holding so much wee for so long in their bursting full bladders.

The imagination how their overfilled bladders were bulging out of their bellies is absolutely hot.

Especially Rachel’s urge must have been painful!!??

}}

Thank you so much!

I’m happy you liked it!

Yeah, Rachel started to feel pain in her bladder while dancing at the party. Seeing her friends peeing before her was absolute agony for her.

