Axel’s omo fics - Omorashi fiction - Omorashi

Author: axeldino

*000*2023-08-15 21:13

So, I’m probably just gonna be posting all my fics here as to, not clog anything up

I’d also like to formally apologize to the SIX the musical fandom for this fic

Also, this fic does get just a bit nsfw at the end :)

“Anne, come on,” Catherine knocked on Anne’s bedroom door. She had been doing her makeup for the past fifteen minutes and they had to leave.

“Coming! Coming!” The door quickly opened, and Anne placed a small kiss on Catherine’s cheek. She made sure it didn’t leave a mark though, that would be saved for later that night. Oh and also they didn’t have the time to reapply makeup. The two climbed in the car, and Catherine drove. “Why won’t you let me drive?” Anne huffed.

“Last time I did that the police pulled us over because they thought you were fourteen,”

“Fair enough.” The two sat in relative silence for the drive, not really having anything to talk about. “How long is this again?”

“I don’t know, two hours? Maybe three?” Catherine replied. “Doubt it will go longer than that though, why do you ask?” Anne shrugged.

“Eh, no reason,” She replied, checking her makeup and hair in a compact mirror. “Anyway, I hope we get to stick together for this!” Anne smiled. Catherine nodded in response and pulled into the venue’s parking lot. The pair got out of the car and went inside the large building.

“Anne! Over here!” A taller girl with pink hair waved.

“Kate, yo!” Anne ran up to her and gave her a hug. “How have you been this week?” Katherine ruffled Anne’s hair.

“I’ve been good, excited for this meet and greet, you and Catalina are paired up to sit together. I’m sure you won’t mind that though,” Kate smiled. Anne let out a small laugh and turned back to Catherine.

“Love, make sure to drink water before we have to sit for a couple hours.” Catherine said. Anne rolled her eyes in response.

“I’ll be fine,”

“Last time you got a headache and had to lay on the bathroom floor with the lights off,” Catherine crossed her arms, “Here I brought you a water bottle.” She handed Anne the bottle, and Anne reluctantly took a couple sips. “Come on let's get dressed,”

Anne nodded and followed Catalina.

— — — — — —

“Anne,” Catalina knocked on Anne’s dressing room door, “It’s time to get out.”

Anne opened her door and smiled up at Catalina. “Hi darling!” Her sweatpants and coat were replaced with her green iconic crop top and skirt. “Do I have time to piss really fast?”

“God you are so crude,”

“Hey! It’s a valid question…” Anne huffed and crossed her arms. Catherine rubbed her temples.

“No, sorry we don’t have time until after this is over,” Anne rolled her eyes. “You’ll be fine, just… drink water.” Anne raised one eyebrow at Catalina. “Not like that I mean, don’t dehydrate yourself because of that. We don’t want a repeat of last time,” she sighed.

“Yeah I’ll get water, calm down.” Anne smiled. She took the bottle and downed some more before grabbing Catalina’s hand. “Let’s go! Can’t keep the others waiting,”

Catalina rolled her eyes but followed Anne until they made it to their tables. Anne and Catalina took their seats together.

“Anne finish the bottle please,” Catalina huffed.

“Do I have to?” Anne groaned.

“Do you want to be laying in the bathroom all night with a migraine?”

“… fine.” Anne finished the water.

———

An hour passed, and Anne had begun to squirm in her seat. Catalina squeezed her hand under the table to reassure her.

“You okay?” Catalina whispered. Anne nodded in response, focusing on signing programs and merch. “What’s going on?” Catalina’s golden eyes were soft.

“Nothing,” Anne mumbled. Interacting with fans was great but Anne’s social battery was draining fast. Maybe it was the noise or environment… or the feeling of desperation that was beginning to become more and more prevalent.

Catalina gave her a look. ‘It doesn’t look like “nothing”’. Anne brushed off the glare and went back to talking with her fans. She shimmied her hips in her seat, catching Catalina’s attention.

Her hand rested on Anne’s thigh and gave it a squeeze. Anne shuddered in response. Both arousal and the need to piss were vastly prevalent much to Anne’s discomfort. “Lina-“ she whispered.

“Hm?” Catalina’s curiosity was piqued. “Anne, are you alright?” Catalina’s voice was low and soft. Anne shook her head as she let out a soft whimper. “Hey, you can tell me what’s wrong,” Catalina murmured.

“Lina I- I-“ Anne squirmed. “When is this over?” Urgency thick in her voice.

“Oh um- ten minutes?” Catalina checked her watch. “Yeah, ten minutes,” Anne let out a huff. “Anne, are you okay? Why do you want to know how long we have?”

“I- um- Lina- it’s embarrassing…” Anne mumbled. Catalina caressed Anne’s thigh, making her shudder. “Lina I really have to- um…” Catalina finally realized Anne’s body language. Squirming, thighs pressed together, legs crossed.

“O-oh- um- I see- I-…” Catalina looked away and blushed. “You can make it, you’re gonna be alright. Ten minutes. You can hold it for ten minutes right?” Catalina patted Anne’s shoulder.

“I- I think so?” Anne whimpered. Even with her legs crossed, she still felt herself leak. All Anne could do was squirm helplessly for the next ten minutes.

Anne ran off to get changed as soon as the event ended. If she was going to piss herself, which she wasn’t, it wouldn’t be in her costume. Taking off the costume by herself while desperately trying not to wet herself was torture. Thankfully she managed to take it off before any more leaks happened.

Pulling on her sweatpants and shirt, Anne ran out the door. “Lina? fuck- Lina?!” She called, looking for the golden eyed queen.

“Anne! Come on let’s get back to the car.” Catalina came out of her dressing room. Taking Anne’s hand in hers, they began to slowly walk back to their car. Well, Anne was shimmying. Anne’s legs were pressed together, her free hand near her crotch. “You could’ve taken those fifteen minutes you spent to do extra makeup as bathroom time instead,” Catalina grumbled.

“Sh-shut up…” the shorter girl mumbled. Catalina sighed and rubbed Anne’s arm. The two walked along the edge of the parking lot for a few minutes before Anne stopped. “N-no- no- fuck-!!” She whimpered.

“Anne? Are you-“ Catalina began, her eyes full of concern. Anne gripped Catalina’s wrist and pulled her into an alleyway. “Anne?” Anne panted, holding her crotch.

“Lina-“ she whispered, “Lina- I- it hurts…” tears dripped down Anne’s face.

“Do you think you can get your pants down?” Anne shook her head, her knees quivering. “Do you want me to help you?” Nod. Anne pressed her thighs together tighter. “Darling you have to move your hands so I can get your pants down.”

“I-I can’t,” desperate whimpers escaped Anne’s mouth. “O-oh shit- fuck- Catalina I-“ Catalina stood back from Anne as the shorter woman trembled. “I-I’m sorry I didn’t mean to…” Anne cried. Piss trickled down her legs, darkening her pants.

Sighing, Catalina pressed a kiss to Anne’s forehead. “Just let go Anne, I don’t want you to get hurt.” Anne looked up at Catalina with tear filled eyes. “It’s alright. You did the best you could, love,” Catalina smiled, gently holding Anne’s face. Golden eyes watched Anne bury her face into Catalina’s chest.

Anne’s knees went weak as she pissed herself. Her hands gripped at her partner’s sweater to hold herself up. Breathy moans and sighs of relief filled the air. Green eyes were shut tight, face red with embarrassment and arousal. “Hah~ ah~ I- it feels good~” Catalina pulled Anne closer to her so the poor girl wouldn’t fall. The hiss mixed with Anne’s moans was practically driving Catalina crazy.

“Does it? Are you… enjoying this~?” She smirked, teasing Anne. “You’re getting wet from this aren’t you~”

“M-mh~ mhm…” Anne nodded into Catalina’s breasts. “S-so good~” A puddle was forming under the pair. Catalina’s hand rubbed on Anne’s bladder, helping her let everything out.

“You were holding so much in there~! Oh Anne it must feel so good for you to just piss yourself~” Anne blushed, her stream ending. “Are you done? Good. I can’t wait to get you home~” Catalina purred as she pinned Anne against the wall.

“Mm~ yes~ fuck me!” Anne grinned with needy eyes.

“Greedy whore~” Catalina bit at Anne’s neck, drawing a throaty moan out of her. “You’re gonna have to wait~”

