Gotham Knights: The Desperate Hero

Author: Ajr972

*000*2023-05-28 16:15

This story was inspired by the video game Gotham Knights and contains male peeing, heavy desperation and some public nudity

Robin:

This night of patrol was particularly long and trying. The group had so much investigative work to do, Mr. Freeze and the Regulators were launching their Assault on STAR Labs at the same time that they had found a lead on a Court of Owls hideout. They needed a couple people on patrol, while the others would get some much needed rest. Batgirl (Barbara Gordon) and Robin (Tim Drake) went out to divide and conquer while Red Hood (Jason Todd) and Nightwing (Dick Grayson) stayed back at the Belfry for support. 

Robin went to handle Freeze while Batgirl went to pay a visit to the Court. Both Robin and Batgirl had each downed a coffee and a couple large waters to get them through the patrol since they knew it would be a long one. With both Bruce Wayne and Jim Gordon dead, crime had really ramped up in Gotham. They had so many areas to cover and the police couldn’t be trusted, especially with Catherine Kane in charge. She gave all GCPD officers orders to capture all vigilantes on sight. But they still had a job to do.

Robin spotted two trucks outside of STAR Labs. A handful of Regulators were guarding the entrance with two snipers on the roof, nothing he couldn’t handle. After dealing with them, he went in through the garage. The Regulators had control of the security rooms and were closing in on large stashes of cryo-weapons. His next task was to defeat the Regulators guarding the security feed. Looking at the feed confirmed their worst fears. The Regulators were already a powerful gang but now were working for Mr. Freeze, who had newer and more improved tech. While his suit had heavier armor and a more powerful gun, Robin did find traces of cryo-gel leaking from it. Following the trail he left, he saw the various guards and scientists that Freeze had killed in the assault. To make matters worse, the Regulators now had access to drones. Room after room of Regulators possessing various varieties of weapons with drones, cryo-guns, gloves and all kinds of tech were making him increasingly tired.

On top of all this, Robin was also starting to feel some pressure in his bladder, since it was incredibly cold in there and it had been about a couple hours since he had those drinks. He was hoping to finally get to Freeze so he could get out of the cold and eliminate the ache in his bladder. After following the trail to its end, Robin ended up in a large room that was closed off. The door was sealed shut by ice and in the other room were two scientists who were trapped by Freeze. Robin couldn’t seem to get any answers out of him, and Freeze was in no mood to talk. Before escaping the lab, he destroyed the airlock and froze the door shut behind him. 

The scientists were trapped and running out of oxygen. Fortunately, Robin could use the rail gun to save them, but had to hold off an entire Regulator army to get the gun powered up and then fired. Enemy after enemy came charging at Robin, crowding around him. All the swinging of his staff, throwing of pellets and flipping around to dodge attacks showed incredible stamina, but he also felt a growing need to pee, as with each dodge and movement he felt all that pent up urine sloshing around inside of him. Sooner or later it would have to come out, but he couldn’t leave until the scientists were safe. He also realized that due to the extreme temperatures, if he wet the suit, his pee would freeze and it would be really bad for him.

Finally, the rail gun had powered up and he pressed the button. The gun fired, blowing a hole in the wall and the scientists were able to escape safely. They didn’t know anything about Freeze’s plans, but at least they were alive and well. That was also Robin’s cue to leave since GCPD was nearly at the scene. He sat perched atop a gargoyle overlooking the lab as he brought Jason, Dick and Alfred up to speed. The most surprising part was not making it out of there on time, but the fact that he held his composure during the conversation especially as his bladder was ready to burst.

After helping some people in the city, he was on his way back to the Belfry. While on the Batcycle, he got a call. The Belfry wanted him to check on Alfred. Alfred had left to go on a walk with Jacob Kane. The two are old friends and hadn’t spoken too much since Bruce died. But this was just more time separating Robin from a much needed pee. Nevertheless, he watched Alfred and Jacob from a distance. A few minutes into watching the two old friends, he felt a spasm in his bladder. His hands shot down to his crotch as he was putting in a Herculean effort to make sure he didn’t pee in the suit. He was bouncing around on the top of a building, his desperation growing rapidly by the minute.

As another spasm hit, he thought of Bernard. Bernard would love seeing him like this. He knew that Bernard had a thing for pee but Tim rarely experimented on it with him. He didn’t mind it though, the naughty exchanges via text or Zoom was what kept them going when they couldn’t see each other for long periods of time. Sadly, that was more often than not. Tim had some pleasant pee experiences with Bernard, so the kink was growing on him. The unfortunate thing was that Tim couldn’t just turn up at his door with a full bladder for a couple reasons. Tim told Bernard he was studying abroad so that he would conceal his identity. His boyfriend didn’t know he was really Robin, but he had to keep his identity secret even from loved ones. The second being the more urgent of the two in that he wouldn’t make it to his apartment before flooding the suit.

Finally as he watched Alfred and Jacob say their goodbyes, he was rejoicing that he’d have the much needed chance to pee. But he couldn’t wait until he got back to the Belfry. It had to be now. He looked around to see if there was an area he could go, but it would probably have to be away from Kane Industries. There were a handful of guards stationed outside as well a security cameras all over. If he continued west past Kane Industries, he would reach Dixon Docks.

There would be no one there and he could finally let out all this pent up liquid that he had been fighting to hold inside him. He grappled away towards Dixon and right as he pressed the button to swing, he felt a strong spurt of pee jet out into his pants. He reached the top of one of the buildings, finally able to stop the flow. He was only halfway there, and he figured he would start peeing again the minute he tried to swing a second time. Time to use the slideways, a new way of teleporting short distances to reach the Docks. He was barely keeping it together at this point. He didn’t care where he would go, it just had to be now!

Finally, he reached the docks, astonished that he didn’t leak any more. Positioning the teleportation system, he landed on a vantage point where he searched for the spot he needed. He found a group of shipping containers that seemed to be obscured from the public view, basically facing just the water. That was it. Facing the what?… another dribble escaped him. He looked down at a small wet patch, basically the size of a quarter. It was certainly a good thing that he was wearing black down there. As he jumped off the crane, landing right where he wanted, another big spurt forced its way out of him. Now he really had enough. He went up towards the shipping container, unbuckled his belt, dropped his pants and underwear all the way to his ankles and let rip. 

It took him no time to start his powerful stream as soon as his member plopped free from the confines of his clothes. He started pushing with all his might, ending his hold in spectacular fashion, with pee bouncing off the container all around him. He didn’t care about splashback, though. The only thing that mattered to him in this moment was that he was finally free from the aching sensations. He stood there naked from the waist down, furiously emptying his bladder against the wall of the shipping container. It was hard for him to stifle his moans of relief as a torrent of piss continued to shoot out of his tired and desperate body. He leaned with his arm against the container, not even bothering to hold his fully exposed penis as the beam of urine continued to powerfully shoot out from it. His stream slowed a bit, as he took a brief break. Exhausted that he finally had the chance to let it out, he breathed and pushed again.

More continued to come out, it seemed never ending. Aside from finally being able to pee and preventing a full blown accident, he very much enjoyed the cool breeze of the night washing over him. His balls, taint, legs, thighs, butt cheeks and of course his penis all being caressed in the wind, finally relaxing as he stood there, enjoying this long awaited release. After about a minute (which certainly felt longer, he had finally finished relieving himself. He stood there admiring the very large puddle he produced, and he shook his penis a couple times to make sure there wasn’t any left. After pushing and letting a couple more brief spurts out, he was now officially finished. He stepped back and pulled his pants up, and made his way back towards the Belfry after a long night of patrol. He still felt some wetness in his pants, but was thankful that it wasn’t worse than that as it easily could have been. Oh, Bernard would have adored this. He might have even held it for him while he went. He missed Bernard and knew he would have loved to see him in such a state. The next time they saw each other, he’d have to make it up to him. This was exhilarating, and he figured that re-creating it might be fun. For now though, he was tired and ready to call it a night.

