First day at work

Author: Afu14567

*000*2021-11-05 06:19

Decided to try my hand at a fiction story. I know its not the greatest but here is the result.

Warning heavy sexual content, light bondage, forced wetting.

You wake up early in the morning to start your daily routine. You lay there, your pussy aching for touch. You litghly rub it as you contemplate calling into work sick and just fucking yourself all day long. You groan as you convince yourself to get up and try to ignore your throbbing clit. You realize you have made yourself late and start scrambling to get out the door. You throw your scubs on and dont even take the time to put on panties or use the bathroom. You make it out the door and pull up to work with no time to spare.

As you walk into the dr office, your boss tells you that you will have a paramedic shadowing you to train. He introduces me and I reach out to shake your hand. You look up, my 6ft frame above your 5ft self. My big hand swallows yours as I smile at you meekly. You tell me to follow you and lead me to where we will be working.

As you walk my eyes are drawn to your perfect ass. I can tell through the thin material that you aren't wearing any panties underneath them. I feel my dick start to grow and panic on the inside knowing this thin material wont hide anything. It is not helped by my growing need to pee. In my nervousness, I had forgotten to empty it before when I got to work. You lead me to this little back room and tell me we will be doing invetory today and sorting patients charts. I think that I see you scan my body but you don't react. I sigh inside, hoping you didn't notice my steadily growing cock. My bladder spasms but I'm to afraid to ask where the bathroom is. Fearing if you look back, you will see my predicament.

As you walk out, your pussy throbbs because you did see me getting hard! You realize you forgot your panties and know that I could tell. You start to worry but then realize you could have fun with this! You feel your pussy get wet with anticipation. You return and find me sitting in a chair sorting supplies. You move infront of me and conveniently drop your papers. You bend over slowly picking the up. Your ass, a foot away from my face! I can't believe my eyes as I stare! I see every curve and see the outlne of your pussy. I notice you even have a wespot! My cock jumps to attention and I feel it start to leak precum! Could you really be doing this on purpose!

You glance back and see me entranced by your body. You see the outline of my throbbing cock and see a small wet spot forming! Your nipples grow hard and your pussy clenches. You decide your gonna make me cum before the day is up. You stand up and walk off telling me your gonna go get something to drink. You ask if I want some water and out of reflex I say yes. As you walk out I realize what you asked and remember I have to pee very bad. I can't get up and go, everyone will see my throbbing cock. I try to focus on my task, hoping it will go away.

You get 2 waters and decide you want to tease me even harder. You take off ypu bra and stuff it in your bag. Your hard nipples poking through your thin top. You reach in and run your finger through your dripping pussy making your boddy shudder from pleasure. You're more turned on than you have ever been!

As you leave the break room, your boss says he is gonna close early and we can go home. You think quickly and tell him that you will stay and finish training then lock up the office. As he leaves you get excited knowing what you are about to do to me! As you approach to supply room you see me sitting there shaking amd squeesing my cock. You can tell I'm desperate to pee! You wonder if you are gonna make me pee or cum first!

As you open the door it startles me! I feel a small leak escape as I jerk my hand away from my dick. I panic wondering if you saw me holding myself. I look up at you and you seem different. Then I notice your hard nipples through your shirt! I wonder if your were braless before but the thought is interupted my my cock getting hard again. You hand me a drink amd tell me to drink some before we get to stocking the shelves. Nervously I take it and drink. To afraid to tell you I i have to pee. My legs starting to shake as I fight to keep from leaking. You bend over to grab a box and I can see straight into your shirt. Your perfect breasts on full view. I almost moan as I feel my cock jump! You suddenly push a box into my chest and I almost lose control I feel a small dribble run down my leg! I groan lightly as I regain composure and you suddenly ask if I'm ok. I quickly say yes and turn to put it up hoping you dont see the trickle of wetspots down my leg.

Your pussy throbbs after seeing me almost lose control. You can see every detail of my cock as it pulses! Your body wants it so badly. You act like you are trying to reach something on the top shelf. You tell me to hurry and come help you. I quickly come behind you and reach up without thinking. Suddenly, you thrust your ass back, pressing my hard cock between your cheeks. I moan loudly and you feel a warm wetness as a leak escapes my cock! I quickly pull back and grab my dick. I stand there squirming and dancing as I see a smirk come acrross your face! You walk up to me and put your hand on my chest! You pull me down to you and whisper in my ear " you have been so horny since I caught you staring at my ass and now you're about to piss yourself infront of me! So naughty but I'm in control now" you forcefully push me back into the chair.

You take gauze and pull my hands away from my cock and tie them to the arms of the chair. I sit there, shaking and begging for you to let me pee. You stare at my throbbing cock and ask if I'm gonna cum or piss myself first. You sit in my lap my cock pulsing under you. you pull your shirt off and burry my face into your perfect breasts! My hips buck and you feel my cock jump hard! I moan as you get off of me.

You get on your knees and start slowly running your hand up my legs, toward my cock. As you get close you see a flash of wetnes as I leak hard! You squeeze my balls and tell me to stop now! I fight but barely manage to stop the flow! The crotch of my pants now soaked. You reach up and pull it out. You look me in the eye and firmly say "if you cum you, will stay in this chair all night" you start tracing your finger along my cock. My precum flowling out! My body shaking as I try not to piss and cum. My hips bucking on their own. You take your tounge and slowly circle the tip before running it down my shaft! Another leak escapes and my piss shoots onto the side of your face! Im begging you to let me cum and piss! I plead that I'm about to lose control. You grin as you squeese my balls. You grab my cock and slowly stroking. You remind me what will happen if I cum! You reach up and press hard on my bladder. I moan loudly as a stream of pee shoots high into the air!

I groan that I can't stop, as you stroke and spray my piss all over both us us! I sit there now covered in piss. My cock pulsing as I beg you to make me cum. You suddenly realize your own need to pee after skipping the bathroom this morning! You pull your pants off and get on top of me sliding my cock between your bare lips. I tell you that I need to cum and you firmly push me back in the chair and say " hold it" you feel your bladder start to give way! I feel a sudden flood of warmth over my cock as you start pissing full force over me!

I moan loudly that I'm about to cum and with one quick motion you lift up and drive my cock into your pissing pussy as you scream "cum"! I almost hollar as I instanly start filling you with my cum! But you dont stop. You keep riding me so hard making me cum over and over until you cum harder than you ever have! You get off of me and begin to untie me. My body spent and I can barely speak. You lean in and kiss me then whisper in my ear "I'm gonna enjoy you working here, now let me take you home and get you cleaned up".

